###Chapter 1
Chapter 1
“Lucian, I’ve been married to you for three years, but you’ve never once touched me. I’ll give my 
blessing to you and your first crush by giving up on our marriage. Tomorrow, you’re free to go after her. 
But for now, just make it up to me for my feelings for you all these years, please?” With that said, 
Roxanne Jarvis leaned down and pressed her lips to the man before her as though she was a moth 
drawn to fire. Her action was both frenzied and desperate. She knew this was a despicable move, but 
she had loved him for too long. All the while, she had suffered greatly, and now, all she wanted was a 
little consolation. “Roxanne, how dare you!” Lucian Farwell clenched his jaw as his fury sprang to life. 
His handsome face was as black as thunder. He wanted to push her away, but the mounting desire in 
his body was too overpowering. It threatened to burn away all his capacity for reason. How dare she 
scheme against me? “I’m afraid of nothing…” A lone drop of tear slipped out of the corner of Roxanne’s 
eye. Her kisses grew rapid as her inexperienced hands fumbled around his body hastily. All she wanted 
was to own him entirely for once. A wave of fury crashed through Lucian. Alas, things weren’t under his 
control. Soon, his instincts took over. As his body burned up, he lost his rationale completely. The next 
day, Roxanne woke up at dawn. Tamping down on her discomfort, she got out of bed and put on her 
clothes. After that, she pulled out the divorce agreement she had prepared from the drawer and placed 
it on the bedside table. Before leaving, she gazed at the man in the bed. “Lucian, I’ll set you free. From 
today onward, we shall go on separate ways. We will have nothing to do with each other anymore,” 
Roxanne murmured. She averted her gaze and turned to leave. Her heart was full of bitterness and 
anguish as she stepped out of the Farwell residence. Roxanne had loved Lucian for seven years. She 
had a crush on him from her teenage years until her university days, so her biggest wish was to be his 
wife. Alas, Lucian despised her the moment she married into his family. Back then, his grandfather was 
critically ill and needed a joyous occasion to hopefully ward off the bad luck. As luck would have it, she 
was selected to be Lucian’s wife. Her greedy father and stepmother immediately agreed to the 
marriage. She could still remember how delighted she was as she waited for the night of her wedding. 
Yet, when Lucian showed up, he bore a disgusted expression. “Roxanne, I’ll have you know that the 
person I want to marry is Aubree Pearson. I never wanted to marry you! Only Aubree has the right to
be my wife. You’re not good enough for me,” he declared. Roxanne knew that Lucian wasn’t obliged to 
love her. However, she still held on to the hope that the man would warm up to her one day. In the past 
three years of their marriage, she did her best to be a good and caring wife. Every night, she’d prepare 
dinner so he could come home to freshly cooked meals. No matter how late it was, she would only go 
to bed in peace after his return. If he got drunk at social events, she would take care of him 
meticulously instead of leaving him in someone else’s hands. Whenever he got ill or hurt, she would be 
more worried than anyone else. Every winter, she would switch on the heater and fill the bathtub with 
hot water for him. In the morning, she’d wake up earlier than usual to warm his clothes up so he 
wouldn’t feel the cold. Nevertheless, he never loved her, and he never would. The day before yesterday 
was Roxanne’s birthday, but Lucian went to the hospital to keep Aubree company. It was then that 
Roxanne finally understood that her one-sided feelings would never be reciprocated. She would never 
make Lucian fall for her, for his heart belonged to another woman. Thus, Roxanne decided to give up. 
Lucian only roused by ten in the morning. The first thing he wanted to do after getting up was to choke 
Roxanne to her death. Lucian was the CEO of Farwell Group, known for his acuteness. No one in the 
corporate world was his match. Thus, he had never fallen for someone else’s trap. Never in his wildest 
dreams did he expect to fall for that woman’s trap! Simmering with anger, he glanced around the room 
but didn’t see Roxanne anywhere. Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted the document on the 
bedside table. “What is that?” Lucian’s brows furrowed as he picked up the document with the words 
“Divorce Agreement” printed in bold text on the front page. His gaze narrowed dangerously. First, she 
resorted to that despicable trick to force me to have sex with her, and now she wants a divorce. Ha! 
How many tricks does she have up her sleeves? Lucian refused to believe that Roxanne wanted to 
divorce him for real. Getting to his feet, he put on his clothes and strode downstairs furiously. “Did you 
see Roxanne?” he asked the butler, Lance. Taken aback, Lance replied swiftly, “Mr. Farwell, Mrs. 
Farwell left home with her luggage before dawn.” Hearing that, Lucian halted in his tracks in surprise. 
Six years later, at VR Medical Research Institute, Yartran. Roxanne had just stepped out of her 
laboratory when her assistant, Linda, told her, “Dr. Jarvis, Professor Lambert needs to talk to you. He 
wants to see you in his office.” After staying up the entire night, Roxanne was feeling drowsy. However,
upon hearing Linda’s words, she snapped out of her daze as her mind cleared. “Did he say anything? 
Don’t tell me my little rascals destroyed the research results again?” “Apparently,” came Linda’s 
answer. She shot Roxanne a sympathetic look. Roxanne was an efficient and capable woman. At a 
young age, she became the mentee of Harvey Lambert, the best professor in the medical world. With 
her outstanding capabilities, she was never reprimanded for her work. Nevertheless, that didn’t stop 
her from being the scapegoat for her naughty sons. Linda comforted her, “You spent three days in the 
laboratory, so Archie and Benny were worried about you. They spent their days bumbling around in 
Professor Lambert’s office. I think he got a few new white strands of hair from the trouble they caused.” 
Hearing that, Roxanne felt an incoming headache. She couldn’t help but find the situation funny, too. 
Six years ago, she left the Farwell residence and headed overseas without hesitation. Initially, she 
wanted to further her studies but soon discovered she was pregnant. Back then, she was caught in a 
dilemma on whether she should abort her children. When she arrived at the hospital, she changed her 
mind, for she couldn’t bear to part with her children. In the end, she kept her children. Roxanne was 
pregnant with triplets—two boys and a girl. During her delivery, her baby girl was born without any 
signs of life due to a lack of oxygen, and only the boys survived. She nicknamed her sons Archie and 
Benny. The thought of her genius sons gave Roxanne utter bliss. However, she slumped her shoulders 
when she recalled she was about to get reprimanded, thanks to their actions.
###Chapter 2
Chapter 2
Roxanne hurried to Harvey’s office. 
After pushing the door open, she spotted the little rascals inside. They were sitting on the couch in the 
office and swinging their legs nonchalantly. 
The boys lit up at the sight of Roxanne. Scrambling off the couch, they ran toward her excitedly. 
“Mommy, you’re finally done! I thought you’d be staying in the laboratory forever!” 
“Mommy, you’ve worked hard! Are you tired? Sit down. I’ll give you a massage.” 
They led Roxanne to the couch so she could take a seat. 
As Roxanne took in their concern, she suddenly felt it was worth it to get yelled at. 
“Look at how obedient you are. You weren’t like this when you hacked into my computer earlier!” 
Harvey huffed angrily behind his desk. 
Archie declared, “It was all your fault, Professor Lambert! You kept asking Mommy to work overtime. 
Look, she’s getting malnourished!” 
“That’s right! Mommy’s an ordinary human being. How could you ask her to work day and night?” 
Benny chimed in as he kneaded Roxanne’s shoulder. 
His temper spiking, Harvey gave a bark of laughter and responded, “You’re too overprotective of her! 
Everyone in the research institute does the same!” 
With that said, he shook his head and turned to Roxanne. “How did your research go?” 
Roxanne shot him a grin. “It went smoothly. I’ll send the data to you later.” 
She paused before asking, “Have you restored the data in your computer?” 
Harvey ran a hand through his hair in frustration. “It has been an hour, but I still can’t restore anything.” 
Amused, Roxanne patted Benny’s hand. “Benny, go restore Professor Lambert’s computer. Don’t be 
naughty. What if he loses some important data?” 
Benny immediately replied, “That won’t happen. I prepare a backup and various security levels every 
time. He won’t lose a thing!’ 
As he said that, he trotted over to Harvey and restored the latter’s computer. 
The little boy’s fingers typed on the keyboard furiously and produced lines of codes. 
A few minutes later, the computer screen blinked and returned to normal. 
Harvey took one look at his computer in admiration. He had to admit his mentee’s sons were geniuses. 
At a young age, Archie was already a medical genius. He was capable of differentiating thousands of 
herbs and showcased his talent in medicine. He also had a sharp eye for investments. 
Benny, on the other hand, was interested in programming. He was now a little hacker who was very 
sensitive to numbers. Like his brother, he also did great in investments. 
Besides, both of them were adorable, mature, and cheeky. 
Thus, he couldn’t bring himself to yell at them whenever they kicked up a fuss. Instead, he could only 
vent his frustrations on Roxanne. 
Roxanne immediately offered an apology. “I’m sorry, Professor Lambert. Please don’t blame the kids 
for their naughty acts.” 
Please don’t yell at me, too. I can’t always be their scapegoat, can I? 
Harvey chuckled at her reaction. “Don’t worry. I didn’t summon you here to yell at you. I have a task for 
you. Listen, I’ve been planning on setting up a research institute back in the country. It will be focusing 
on traditional medicine. However, I’m still busy here and can’t leave for now. After careful consideration, 
I’ve decided to send you back!” 
Roxanne had no idea he would say that. She froze and hesitated. 
Go back home? 
She never thought of going back to that place again after leaving six years ago. 
After all, she didn’t have a family or someone she cared about back there. 
Besides, she had grown to love Yartran. 
Her first reaction was to reject the offer. “Professor Lambert, I—” 
Harvey interjected, “Roxanne, I know you don’t want to head back, but I hope you’ll consider my 
suggestion. You’ve been my student for years, so I believe you know how wide and profound traditional 
medicine is. There aren’t enough herbs here for you to research. In Chanaea, you’ll have all the herbs 
you want. You can use and research them freely. Most importantly, many hidden and prestigious
families are in possession of ancient medical skills in Chanaea. I remember you’re interested in that, 
right? That was why I made the suggestion for you to return to Chanaea. You have a bright future 
ahead of you. Besides, you’re different now. No matter what happens, or who you run into, I believe 
you can handle everything calmly, right?” 
At his words, Roxanne fell silent. 
He’s right. I’ve changed into a completely different person now. I can face all obstacles without fear. 
Besides, it has been six years. Perhaps that man is already married to his first crush. Why am I afraid? 
With that thought in mind, Roxanne took a deep breath and nodded solemnly. “All right, then. Professor 
Lambert, I’ll listen to you and return to Chanaea.” 
Harvey beamed. “I’m glad you made up your mind quickly. Don’t worry. I’ll ask Linda to come with you. 
I’ll also arrange a team to help you out there.” 
“Great. Thank you, Professor Lambert!” Roxanne gave a curt nod. 
As they were conversing, Archie and Benny shared a look. They could sense each other’s excitement. 
Mommy’s finally returning to Chanaea! 
In fact, the two of them had been dying to head back for ages. After all, their father was back there. 
They wanted to see him in person. Of course, they also wanted to teach him a lesson for deserting his 
wife and children. 
Two days later, Roxanne and the boys landed at the international airport in Horington. 
Roxanne was finally back in Chanaea after six years. 
After disembarking the plane, they walked out of the hallway. Just then, Benny squeezed his legs 
together and tugged at the corner of Roxanne’s skirt. “Mommy, I need to pee now.” 
Roxanne and Archie giggled at the sight of his urgent expression. “Okay. Let’s go, then.” 
She reached out to ruffled Benny’s hair. 
At once, Benny trembled violently. “Stop it, Mommy. I’m going to pee my pants!” 
With a chuckle, Roxanne led him to the restroom. 
Archie then brought him into the restroom while Roxanne waited outside with their luggage. She didn’t 
forget to send her professor a text to inform him about their arrival. 
Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out. 
“Idiots! How could so many of you fail to keep an eye on a little girl? What use are you if you can’t even 
complete such a simple task?” 
There was a hint of fury in the man’s melodious, deep, and rich voice. It was pleasing to the ears. 
Roxanne’s hands, which were initially typing out a message on her phone, froze instantly. 
Six years had passed since she last heard this voice, but she still found it eerily familiar. 
Looking up, Roxanne spotted the tall figure some distance away. 
Standing not far off was a tall man. His black suit accentuated his long legs and added a touch of 
elegance to his figure. Even in the crowd, he was eye-catching. 
Roxanne could see his perfect side profile from her line of sight. 
His tall nose and sculpted features were the envy of many. In fact, he looked so handsome that other 
men paled in comparison to him. 
Lucian Farwell! 
Roxanne’s heart clenched at the sight of him. 
She had no idea she’d run into him on the day of her arrival. 
The feelings she had buried deep in her heart emerged temporarily, but she quickly put a lid on them. 
Her gaze turned frosty. 
She could finally appear calm before him. 
Right then, the boys emerged from the restroom. “Mommy, we’re done!” they declared cheerfully. 
Roxanne snapped out of her reverie and nearly had a heart attack. 
The first thought that popped up in her mind was that she needed to leave right away. I can’t let Archie 
and Benny see him. They bear a resemblance to him. If they bump into each other, he’ll definitely 
realize something’s wrong! 
Roxanne refused to get involved with him yet again. 
Flustered, she urged, “You’re done? Come, let’s go. You don’t want your godmother to wait, do you?” 
Without waiting for a reply, she dragged her luggage away. 
Halfway through his phone call, Lucian heard a familiar voice and turned at his shoulder. 
From the corner of his eye, he spotted a familiar female figure. 
Roxanne Jarvis? Is that her? She’s back? 
Lucian ran after her immediately, but her figure had already disappeared into the crowd. 
As his gaze turned dark, Lucian was about to explode with rage. 
She left the country so resolutely and even abandoned the kid. There’s no way she’s back!
###Chapter 3
Chapter 3
Roxanne’s heart lurched to her throat and remained there as she hurried out of the airport. She kept 
turning at her shoulder to confirm he didn’t come after them. 
Fortunately, his figure remained nowhere to be seen even after they exited the airport. 
Roxanne could finally heave a sigh of relief. 
The kids found it strange that she kept turning her head to glance behind them. 
As Roxanne seemed anxious, they knew it wasn’t the time to ask questions. Without a word, they 
allowed her to drag them out obediently. 
“Roxanne! Archie! Benny!” A woman called from afar. 
The three of them lifted their heads and saw a lady dressed in a suit, waving at them happily as she 
made their way to them. 
Roxanne relaxed gradually at the sight of the woman. Flashing a smile, she said, “Madilyn, it’s been so 
long!” 
Madilyn Xander was her best friend back in university and was currently working as a doctor in her own 
family’s hospital. 
Shortly after, Madilyn came to a stop before them and flung her arms around Roxanne. “You’re finally 
back home. I’ve missed you so much!” she said in a friendly manner. 
Roxanne chuckled and replied, “I’ve missed you, too.” 
They’ve been in touch over the years online but rarely got the chance to meet each other in real life. 
After giving her a hug, Madilyn squatted down and pulled the boys into a hug. “My babies, do you miss 
me?” 
Archie and Benny giggled adorably before answering in unison, “Of course we do! Aunt Madilyn, we 
even dreamed of you. You’re still as pretty as ever!” 
“How sweet of you!” Madilyn beamed happily after hearing their praise. 
Roxanne’s guard was still up. She glanced at the gate of the airport and said calmly, “Let’s go. We can 
talk back home.” 
Madilyn gave the boys a peck each on their cheeks before getting to her feet. After placing the luggage 
in her car truck, she ushered them into her car and sped away. 
At the same time, Lucian appeared at the gate of the airport. 
“Cancel my schedule overseas,” he told his assistant, Cayden Lawson. 
Cayden gave a brief nod in acknowledgment. “Mr. Farwell, we’ve widened the search for Ms. Estella. 
She’s young and can’t go far. Don’t worry.” 
Ms. Estella is Mr. Farwell’s darling daughter. It’s more crucial to find her. His work overseas isn’t as 
important in this situation. 
Lucian’s gaze turned dark as he strode toward the Maybach parked by the road. 
Soon, the car drove away. 
An hour later, Madilyn’s car arrived in Durwest Garden. It was a residential area full of mansions. 
Roxanne had asked for Madilyn’s help to rent a place, and this was the house that Madilyn had gotten 
her. 
The four of them hopped out of the car and entered the new house under Madilyn’s lead. 
“The surroundings seem nice. I like this place.” 
Satisfied, Roxanne turned to look at Madilyn. “You’re quite efficient, huh?” 
Madilyn arched a brow. “I’m your neighbor. The owner of this house moved to the capital and wanted to 
rent this place out. I happened to stumble upon it. Whenever we’re free, we can visit each other’s 
places.” 
Roxanne’s lips curved as she bobbed her head in agreement. 
After she unpacked their stuff briefly, it was time for dinner. 
Hence, Madilyn brought them out for dinner. 
She had just driven into the restaurant’s parking lot and was about to park her car when a little girl ran 
out of a dark corner. 
Madilyn slammed on the brakes before her car could hit the little girl. In shock, she stared at the little 
girl who had collapsed to the ground. 
Roxanne’s heart was racing at the near accident, too. She turned to make sure her boys were fine
before opening the door to get out. 
There was a young girl around five years old mere inches away from the car. She sat on the ground, 
clearly in a state of shock. 
Roxanne felt her heart soften at the sight. She made her way to the girl carefully before asking, “Hey, 
are you hurt?” 
The young girl had a fair complexion and looked sweet with her hair braided up. She had a tall nose, 
huge eyes, and delicate features. Dressed in a pink fluffy dress, she hugged an expensive doll in her 
arms. 
Hearing Roxanne’s voice, the little girl regained her composure and shook her head shyly. She didn’t 
forget to eye Roxanne warily. 
Roxanne’s heart stirred as she observed the little girl silently. After confirming that the little girl was 
unharmed, she heaved a sigh of relief inwardly and reached out to help the little girl up. 
She had just stretched her hand out when the little girl cowered back in fear. 
Roxanne’s hand paused midair. Flashing an assuring smile, she explained, “Don’t worry. I just want to 
help you up.” 
Glancing around, she asked doubtfully, “Where are your parents? Why are you alone?” 
The young girl hugged her doll tightly and shook her head without uttering a word. 
Roxanne’s brows snapped together, for she had no idea how to communicate with the girl. 
Madilyn and the boys soon got out of the car. 
Archie and Benny shared a curious look when they noticed the little girl remaining silent the entire 
while. 
She looks cute. Why isn’t she talking? Could she be a mute?
###Chapter 4
Chapter 4
The same thought popped up in Roxanne’s mind. Is this little girl a mute? 
Her sympathy for the little girl increased. In a gentle voice, she asked, “Can you give me your hand?” 
With that, she stretched her hand outward. 
Despite staring at her timidly, the little girl seemed to be less rigid after hearing her words. 
Roxanne waited patiently for the little girl to accept her hand. 
After a long hesitation, the little girl finally reached out to take Roxanne’s hand cautiously. 
Seeing that, Roxanne held her hand gently and helped her up. She didn’t forget to check the little girl 
again for any injuries. 
Because of her action, they got physically closer to each other. 
The little girl felt soft and fluffy. She even smelled like milk. 
Roxanne couldn’t help but recall her daughter, who was a stillborn baby. 
If she were to grow up well, she’d be around this little girl’s age. 
As that thought surfaced in her mind, Roxanne was overcome with heartache and regret. 
As if sensing her emotions, the little girl stayed put and gazed at her quietly. 
I know I shouldn’t talk to strangers, but this lady is really pretty. Strangely, I feel the urge to get close to 
her. 
At that moment, Madilyn remarked, “Oh, what an adorable young girl. She’s as adorable as our boys!” 
Roxanne nodded in agreement. “I believe she got lost. Let’s send her to the police station and see if we 
can get in contact with her family.” 
Right after she said that, the young girl gave her a slight tug. 
Roxanne looked down in confusion. 
The little girl was shaking her head profusely, her eyes turning red. She seemed like she was about to 
dissolve into tears any minute. 
Clearly, the little girl didn’t want her to do that. 
Seeing the girl’s distraught expression really tugged at Roxanne’s heartstrings. 
She had no other choice, though. If she didn’t send the little girl to the police station in time, she might 
be accused of kidnapping the latter. 
Roxanne was in a dilemma. 
“All right. We don’t have to go to the police station.” She squatted down and tried to negotiate with the 
little girl. “Do you have your parents’ phone number? I can call them so they can come here to pick you 
up.” 
The little girl stopped shaking her head, but she slumped in dejection instead. 
As she didn’t respond, Roxanne assumed she didn’t have her parents’ number. She was about to send 
her to the police station when the little girl moved. 
Roxanne watched as she pulled out a pencil and a post-it note. She then scribbled a phone number 
with the word “Daddy” behind it before handing the note to Roxanne. 
After taking the note from her, Roxanne punched in the number belonging to the little girl’s dad. 
“Oh, she’s indeed mute,” Archie and Benny muttered under their breaths. 
Roxanne stiffened and shot her sons a warning look. “Don’t be rude to her.” 
The boys straightened their backs and gave the little girl guilty smiles. 
Glancing at them, the little girl inched nearer to Roxanne instinctively and reached out to grab the 
corner of Roxanne’s dress. 
However, Roxanne didn’t notice that as she was busy double-checking the phone number before 
making the call. 
Back in the Farwell residence, Lucian strode into the mansion angrily. “Is Essie back?” 
The butler came to welcome him. Wearing a worried expression, he said, “No. I didn’t see Ms. Estella 
around.” 
After saying that, he realized the temperature surrounding his employer had dropped drastically. 
Lucian’s lips thinned as he furrowed his brows. 
I’ve searched everywhere I could. Where could she be? Did something happen to her? 
As that possibility occurred to him, a faint gleam of malice shone in his eyes. It appeared as if he 
wanted nothing more than to destroy the entire world. 
Right then, a lady clad in thick makeup hurried into the mansion and asked anxiously, “Lucian, I heard 
Essie went missing? Is it true? Did you find her?” 
The lady was none other than Aubree, the one whom Lucian wanted to marry previously. 
Nevertheless, Lucian kept his authoritative aura before her. “She’s still missing. Now that you’re here, 
I’d like to know what you told Essie this afternoon. Why would she run away from home for no reason?” 
Aubree seemed surprised to hear his question as she stared at him incredulously. “Lucian, what are 
you saying? Are you saying I did something to Essie?” 
Seemingly hurt, she added, “I did nothing to her! Never mind if someone else misunderstands me. 
You’ve seen how I treated her dearly over the years! Even though Essie treated me coldly, I didn’t mind 
and took good care of her. I never yelled at her. No way would I do something to make her run away 
from home!” 
With her red-rimmed eyes and innocent expression, she was trying hard to convince Lucian that she 
had nothing to do with Estella’s disappearance. 
Deep down, she wanted nothing more than for the mute little girl to disappear forever. 
Indeed, she was harsh to Estella that afternoon. She also told the little girl that she would give birth to 
more adorable children after she married Lucian. 
By then, Lucian would no longer adore Estella. 
As Estella couldn’t talk, Aubree wasn’t afraid that the former would complain about her behavior to 
Lucian. 
However, she had no idea that Estella would end up running away from home. 
This is great! It will be better if she can’t return. That way, I won’t have to see her again!
###Chapter 5
Chapter 5
Lucian glared at her silently for a few seconds. 
Meanwhile, Aubree dug her nails into her palm to stop herself from revealing her real emotions. 
“You’d better not be lying.” 
Lucian averted his gaze a while later and turned to Cayden. “Did the police get back to you?” 
Cayden’s voice was grim. “Not yet.” 
He glanced at Lucian carefully and asked, “Could someone has kidnapped Ms. Estella?” Concern was 
evident in his voice. 
The girl was Lucian’s darling daughter. She was well-adorned in the Farwell family and thus became 
the target of many of Lucian’s rivals. Previously, she was nearly kidnapped. 
Now, she was nowhere to be found, and even the police couldn’t find her anywhere. Hence, Cayden 
couldn’t help but think of the worst—someone had kidnapped her. 
Lucian’s gaze turned as dark as thunder. “Increase the manpower and expand the search area. I want 
to see her by the end of today!” 
“Got it!” Cayden responded loudly. 
He felt a chill go down his spine when he realized his employer was about to blow his top. 
Lucian had just spun on his heels to leave when his phone rang. 
Right now, he wasn’t in the mood to talk on the phone. Pulling out his phone, he was about to reject the 
call when he realized it was from an unknown number. 
Recalling Cayden’s earlier words, Lucian scowled and answered the call. 
A female voice rang out. “Hello.” 
Hearing that, Lucian narrowed his eyes suspiciously. 
Why does this sound just like her voice? 
The figure he spotted that afternoon at the airport flashed across his mind. 
“Hello? Is anyone there?” Roxanne repeated dubiously after a while. 
Lucian came back to his senses and replied curtly, “Yeah.” 
His answer was only one syllable, so it was too short for Roxanne to recognize his voice. 
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief after hearing his response. “Hello. I’ve run into a little girl who gave me 
your phone number. You must be her father, right? Are you free to pick her up now?” 
Her voice rang in his ear clearly and resonated in his mind. 
The more she spoke, the colder Lucian’s gaze became. 
When she stopped talking, Lucian’s eyes were practically blocks of ice. 
It’s her! It has been years since we last met, but there’s no way I’d have mistaken her for someone 
else! Roxanne Jarvis, you’re finally back! 
Gritting his teeth forcefully, Lucian lowered his voice deliberately and asked, “Where are you?” 
“We’re at Drunken Fairy. We’ll wait here with her. Will you come to the restaurant to pick her up?” 
Roxanne answered at once. 
“Yes. I’ll head there right away.” 
With that said, Lucian cut the line and ordered, “Get the car. We’re heading to Drunken Fairy.” 
Not knowing why his employer grew furious all of a sudden, Cayden replied in the affirmative hastily. 
Roxanne stared at her phone as the screen dimmed. Strangely, she felt nervous for no reason. 
The man’s voice sounded hoarse. Why does it sound familiar? 
As Roxanne couldn’t figure out an answer, she stopped deliberating over the matter. 
“Aren’t you hungry?” Madilyn asked. 
After all, they had been waiting outside for some time. She continued, “I’m starving. Let’s head in for 
dinner. We can bring her out when her father arrives later.” 
Roxanne shot her a grin. “All right. Let’s go in.” 
She squatted down again to the little girl’s height to meet her gaze. “Are you hungry? Do you want me 
to bring you in for dinner? Your daddy should be on the way here. When he arrives, I’ll bring you out. 
Will that do?” she asked. 
The little girl stared at her for a few moments, seemingly reluctant. 
“If you don’t want to come in, I’ll wait here with you,” Roxanne added patiently. 
Hearing that, Archie and Benny chimed in, “We’ll wait with you too, Mommy!” 
Madilyn slapped her forehead in exasperation. “Am I the only one starving here? Little girl, we’re not 
bad people. No bad person will treat you to a meal in an expensive restaurant! You must be hungry, 
too. Come on in with us. There’s no need to be stubborn.” 
Everyone’s gazes fell on the young girl. 
As Archie and Benny were also hungry, they stared at the little girl expectantly. 
Biting her lip, the little girl came closer to Roxanne and reached out to tug at her sleeve. She then gave 
a careful nod. 
“You don’t have to force yourself,” Roxanne told her gently, seeing through the girl’s thoughts. 
The little girl shook her head yet again. 
Seeing that, Roxanne patted her head affectionately. She took the little girl’s hand and led her into the 
restaurant. 
Madilyn held the boys’ hands and watched as the little girl trotted beside Roxanne obediently. She 
teased, “She was wary of us just a while ago, but she’s gotten close to you now.” 
With a sigh, she lamented, “Indeed, good-looking people are always favored.” 
In response, Roxanne grinned and held the little girl’s hand tightly without responding to Madilyn’s 
teasing words.
###Chapter 6
Chapter 6
The Drunken Fairy was one of the best private restaurants in Horington. Every dish served was 
exemplary, and the place only accepted the most high-profile clients. Reservations also had to be 
made at least one month in advance. 
Madilyn had managed to book a table yesterday using her connections. 
The restaurant’s interior was exquisite; a screen separated every table, each room’s entrance was 
made of wood, and the building didn’t have a roof. When night fell, the chandelier above gave off a very 
antique and quintessential vibe, and one would feel as though they were dining under the moonlight. 
The small group made their way into the building and seated themselves at a corner table. 
It wasn’t long until the waitstaff arrived with their food. 
Worried that the little girl would feel uncomfortable, Roxanne gave her all her attention, feeding her and 
wiping her mouth at every opportunity. 
Archie and Benny sat next to them. Seeing Estella indulge in the food melted their hearts, and they 
tried their best to peel as much shrimp as they could for her. 
Estella never stopped chewing as she kept her focus on the growing pile of food before her. 
“Did you hear what happened? The Farwell family’s princess has gone missing! The family’s scoured 
the entire city for her, but they still can’t find her.” 
Suddenly, a voice could be heard coming from the table next to them. 
The next person to speak sounded warier. “She couldn’t have been kidnapped, could she? Whoever’s 
done it sure has nerves of steel. Who would ever dare lay their hands on her? She’s Lucian Farwell’s 
precious little girl! They must be tired of living.” 
Roxanne’s movements slowed down visibly at the mention of Lucian’s name, and she began to space 
out. 
The conversation resumed anyway. “Right? The little princess might be mute and has never said a 
single word, but she still gets to live the best life. How lucky of her!” 
Mute? 
A look of suspicion flashed in Roxanne’s eyes as she stopped moving. 
Lucian’s precious little girl is mute? 
This child I picked up hasn’t spoken a word. 
Judging from her behavior and clothes, she does look like someone from the Farwells. 
And that man over the phone! His voice… 
At the thought of this, Roxanne suppressed her astonishment as she turned to the child on her left. 
Seemingly having noticed her gaze, the girl glanced up at her with eyes full of puzzlement. 
As soon as their eyes met, Roxanne felt as though she had been struck by lightning. 
“This kid… She can’t be Lucian’s daughter, could she?” 
Madilyn put down her cutlery and stared at the child for a few seconds. “That’d be too much of a 
coincidence, wouldn’t it?” she asked hopefully. 
As Roxanne’s best friend, she knew everything the former had gone through for the past six years. 
This girl looks like she’s around five or six, which means she’s about Archie and Benny’s age. 
If she really were Lucian’s daughter, that means he would’ve had a child with that first crush of his right 
after Roxanne divorced him. 
That guy just couldn’t wait, huh? 
Roxanne really deserves someone better than him. 
Not knowing what her friend was thinking, Roxanne recalled all the events that had ensued after she 
met this child. The more she thought about it, the more certain she was that the little girl seated next to 
her was Lucian’s daughter. 
“I’d say we’ve hit the jackpot this time,” she remarked with a grimace. 
Seeing how sure the woman looked, Madilyn felt her heart sink as she gazed at the confused-looking 
child. “What should we do, then? Lucian’s probably on his way now!” she whispered. 
Roxanne began to panic. 
A brief moment later, she handed her phone to Madilyn. “Take my phone and act like it’s yours. I’ll get 
Archie and Benny out of here. We’ll be waiting for you at the parking lot.” 
Madilyn nodded in understanding. 
Still, seeing the little girl remain perplexed made Roxanne’s heart ache. “I’ll leave this little one to you.” 
She then turned to her own two children. “Let’s go.” 
The two boys followed her obediently without question. 
Upon walking past the little girl, Roxanne felt a soft tug on her sleeve. 
Looking conflicted, she turned to the child, only to see the latter gripping onto her sleeve tightly, looking 
extremely flustered. 
Seeing the girl’s distraught expression really tugged at Roxanne’s heartstrings. 
Regardless of whatever had happened between her and Lucian, she knew this child was never to be 
blamed. 
Eventually, she comforted the little one, “I have to go now. This lady here will take good care of you, so 
wait right here, okay? Your daddy will be here soon.” 
With that, she forced the child’s grip off of her and strode out of the private room, never looking back. 
At the same time, Madilyn hastily instructed the staff to take the three used sets of plates and cutlery 
away. 
Not long after the waitstaff had done as told, the wooden door was pushed open. 
A group of bodyguards dressed in black stood in two rows, making a path in between them. 
Seeing that, Madilyn instinctively straightened her back and gazed at the entrance, trying her best to 
appear calm. 
Then, she watched as a frosty-looking Lucian made his way into the room.
###Chapter 7
Chapter 7
There were now only two people inside the room. 
Lucian scanned his surroundings before his gaze fell on his daughter. 
The little girl was still upset by Roxanne’s sudden departure, so upon seeing her father, not only was 
she completely unafraid, but she even turned away with a huff. 
A faint scowl appeared on Lucian’s face. 
Well aware that Estella was just as enigmatic and difficult to handle as her father was, this was a job for 
Lucian’s assistant, Cayden. 
“Are you okay, Ms. Estella?” 
The little girl merely glanced at him before furiously turning away once more. 
Cayden observed her. Noticing that she was safe and sound, he sighed with relief and turned to report 
to his boss. 
With narrowed eyes, Lucian turned to the woman beside his daughter. 
Madilyn’s chest tightened as she met his gaze, and she secretly squeezed her own hands to compose 
herself. 
“Where’s Roxanne?” 
Lucian’s expression darkened as he took a good look at Madilyn’s face. 
He could actually tell it was her? 
Madilyn fretted internally while at the same time feeling relieved that her best friend had left in time. 
This guy’s energy is so unbearable! I feel like I could suffocate. 
Who knows what might happen if Roxanne were still here? 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about! Who are you guys? You sure are rude to barge in without even 
knocking.” 
Concealing her emotions and unleashing her best acting skills, Madilyn pulled the little girl into her 
arms while staring cautiously at the men in front of her. 
The crease between Lucian’s brows deepened. “That’s my daughter you’re holding. Were you the one
who called me?” 
Madilyn stilled briefly. “Yes, it was me,” she answered rigidly. 
Lucian stared at her expressionlessly before scanning every detail inside the room. 
She does sound like the woman over the phone. 
But does she think she can fool me? 
Besides, the state of this room is an obvious attempt to hide something. 
Sure, there are only two sets of plates and cutlery on this table, but three of the chairs look like they’ve 
been moved. 
There’s no way the workers at Drunken Fairy would make such a mistake. There must’ve been people 
sitting there before I came. 
Also, all this food definitely isn’t meant for just a woman and a child. 
After glancing around, he set his eyes on Madilyn again. 
The woman suddenly had a bad feeling. 
The next second, she watched as Lucian took a phone from his assistant and swiped on the screen 
before peering up at her. 
Soon, the phone Roxanne had passed to her began to ring. 
Having been caught off guard, Madilyn nearly jumped in fright, but she hurriedly composed herself and 
glanced at the phone for a moment before lifting it up and rejecting the call. “Since you’re her father, 
you can take her with you,” she commented, meeting the man’s gaze. 
Then, she caressed the little girl’s head, placed her on the ground, and nudged her in Lucian’s 
direction. 
Lucian’s brows furrowed slightly as he took two steps forward. 
Thinking he was coming over to retrieve the child, Madilyn was about to let out a sigh when she 
suddenly heard the man speak to her in a skeptical tone. 
“You seem to have quite the appetite, miss. To think you ordered a whole table of food just for yourself 
and a little girl.” 
The man casually stopped next to the table, his words seemingly implying something. 
Madilyn fell silent. 
After holding her breath for a moment, she forced a smile. “My appetite isn’t any of your concern. 
Besides, I ordered this much food because I’ve invited my friends over. They just haven’t arrived yet.” 
Lucian raised an eyebrow. “And you’ve begun digging in instead of waiting for them to show up?” 
As his words fell, the man glanced at every dish on the table. 
Madilyn felt like she was about to die. 
It took her yet another while to collect herself before flashing him another distant smile. “I’m really close 
with these friends, so they don’t mind me eating first. They’re used to it.” 
Not waiting for him to speak again, she took a deep breath. “Look, sir, I found your daughter and kindly 
informed you about it. I even made sure she didn’t go hungry. It’s fine if you don’t thank me, but why 
are you interrogating me like I’m a criminal? What have I ever done to deserve this?” 
Despite sounding indignant, the woman was screaming at the top of her lungs deep down. 
Please stop asking me questions. 
I’m going to end up spilling the truth at this rate! 
Who could ever put up with this guy’s presence? 
Meanwhile, Roxanne waited in the parking lot, holding hands with a child on each side as unsettlement 
swirled within her. 
She knew Lucian too well to understand that even the smallest clue would be enough to rouse his 
suspicions. 
I wonder how long Madilyn can hang on. 
If our cover gets busted… 
What should I do if that happens? 
The woman couldn’t seem to find an answer no matter how hard she tried. 
Suddenly, she pursed her lips and scoffed at herself. 
What am I even scared of? 
He probably never wants to see me again after what I did to him back then. 
Even if he saw me, he’d probably pretend not to know me or just think of me as an eyesore. 
And look at me scaring myself like this before even seeing his face. Seriously?
###Chapter 8
Chapter 8
Seeing how restless their mother looked, Archie and Benny asked deliberately, “Who’s Lucian, 
Mommy? Why are we hiding from him?” 
Roxanne slowly returned to her senses and stroked their heads, smiling as if everything was fine. “He’s 
no one important. I just have a bit of a personal grudge against him. I want you both to hide if you ever 
hear his name, okay?” 
The two boys nodded. “Okay, Mommy.” 
After Roxanne looked away, they glanced at each other curiously. 
What could’ve happened between Mommy and Daddy? It all seems like a huge misunderstanding. 
As Roxanne continued to ponder over what could be happening on Madilyn’s side, the boys spoke 
again. 
“Mommy, we left in such a rush back there. If that guy becomes suspicious, he might check the 
surveillance cameras and find us easily,” Archie reminded. 
The woman tensed up instantly. “Oh, God. I totally forgot! What do I do?” 
I was so focused on running away that I forgot about the cameras! Lucian might already be here. 
I can’t stay here. I have to take the kids home right now. 
Seeing the way their mother reacted made the boys turn away to conceal their smiles, and they only 
consoled her after they had suppressed the smiles on their lips. 
“Don’t worry, Mommy. I’ll handle this.” 
Benny took his laptop and began tapping away on the keyboard. 
It only took a while for him to hack into the restaurant’s surveillance cameras and wipe out every 
footage of them. 
“I’m done!” 
After deleting all the footage, the boy glanced up at his mother with twinkling eyes, eagerly waiting for 
her to praise him. 
Heaving a long sigh of relief, Roxanne pulled the two children into an embrace. “Thank goodness I
have you. You’ve just saved me!” 
Aware that she was still nervous, the boys let her hold them a little longer. 
“Are we leaving now, Mommy? Or should we wait for Aunt Madilyn to come outside?” asked Archie 
after Roxanne had let go. 
Having calmed down, the woman gazed at the entrance of the empty parking lot. “Let’s wait a little 
longer.” 
The boys nodded in response. 
Back inside the restaurant, failing to force a confession out of Madilyn, Lucian could only quash the 
hostility that surged within him. 
“Pardon my rudeness. Thank you for helping me find my daughter. Well, then, we’ll be off now. Enjoy 
your meal with your friends,” he stated coldly. 
Then, he turned to the little girl. “Come, Essie.” 
With a reluctant pout, Estella waved at Madilyn politely before walking toward her father. 
Lucian arched his brow slightly but said nothing more, leaving with the little girl and his group of 
subordinates. 
Upon walking out of the building, he tried to carry Estella into the car, but the child avoided him with a 
huff. 
Seeing that, Cayden hurriedly stepped in and did the job. 
The car began to move. 
Seated at the back, Lucian reached out to his daughter and placed her on his lap. 
With nowhere else to run, Estella could only let herself be carried like a doll, although she continued 
her silent tantrum and refused to look at the man. 
“Tell me, Essie, was there another lady apart from the one from just now?” the man asked gently. 
The little girl glanced at him and grew more infuriated at the thought of that pretty lady having left her 
because of him. 
Seeing her scowl deepen, Lucian pinched her cheek in amusement. “I’m not even mad at you for 
running away from home, but you’re here getting all mad at me? Don’t you know how worried I was?
Will you tell me why you ran away?” 
Yet, the child shoved his hand away and turned her head to one side again, ignoring him. 
Looks like she’s really upset. 
The man pursed his lips in frustration, feeling at a loss as to what to do. “You don’t have to answer me 
if you don’t want to, but promise me that you won’t run away from home again.” 
He then turned to Cayden, who was seated in front. “Get the restaurant’s surveillance cameras.” 
He clearly hasn’t given up. 
“Yes, Mr. Farwell,” Cayden responded helplessly.
###Chapter 9
Chapter 9
Twenty minutes later, the car slowly stopped at the Farwell residence. 
Estella did not want anyone to carry her. She quietly got down from the car by climbing down slowly. 
Lucian followed right behind and did not utter a word. 
The moment the father and daughter stepped into the house, they heard someone calling Estella. 
“Essie!” Aubree, who was playing on her phone in the living room, exclaimed when she lifted her head 
and saw them entering the house. 
The moment she saw the child from a distance, she ran toward her and gave her a hug. “Essie, you’re 
finally home! How could you run away and not tell us? I got the shock of my life when you went 
missing, do you know that? Are you okay? Are you injured?” 
She started inspecting Estella’s body to make sure the latter was all right. 
Estella froze for a bit, as she was taken aback by Aubree’s actions. 
But the cold look soon returned to the little one’s gaze when Aubree’s voice kept ringing in her ear, 
expressing her insincere concern. 
Does she not know why I ran away? I wouldn’t have run away if she hadn’t told me Daddy wouldn’t 
care about me anymore. 
Feeling disgusted after seeing the hypocrite’s face, Estella recalled the gorgeous woman she had met 
today. 
There was a world of difference between these two women. 
Estella absolutely despised Aubree’s pretentious behavior. 
She started struggling and pulled herself away from the woman. 
“What’s wrong, Essie? Stay still, okay? Let me check if you’re all right.” 
Aubree could feel Estella wanted to avoid her. She tightened her grip on the little girl and sighed 
helplessly in front of Lucian. 
Estella started reacting more aggressively, as she was in pain. 
Aubree was running out of patience. 
When she punished Estella in the past, the little girl would tremble in fear and not make any noises. 
This was the first time she fought back! 
Aubree would have acted more harshly if Lucian were not around. 
But since Lucian was there to observe their interaction, she had to be more cautious not to arouse his 
suspicion. A hard glint flashed across her eyes, and an idea popped up in her mind. Instead of 
continuing with this tug of war, she decided to release Estella and fall to the ground. 
Aubree then looked at Estella in disbelief. “Essie, I know you dislike me. But I’m really worried about 
you. How could you…” 
She choked on her words as she looked at the little one with red-rimmed eyes. 
Upon noticing Aubree lying on the ground after removing his coat, Lucian frowned and pulled Estella 
aside. “Essie, I know you’re not happy, and you can take it out on Daddy. But you can’t vent your anger 
like this to others. It’s rude, do you know that?” 
Estella refused to admit she was at fault, but at the same time, she felt helpless. 
Daddy always sides with that evil woman! 
She pulled her hand away from his grip, hugged her doll tightly, and ran upstairs. 
Now that Estella was gone, Aubree gradually crawled up from the ground and said gently, “Don’t be too 
harsh on Essie. We don’t know what she had been through when she was wandering in the streets-” 
Lucian interrupted her, “You should go now. Essie is still mad, and she wouldn’t want to see you.” 
Aubree’s expression turned stiff for a moment, but she responded with an awkward smile. “All right 
then. I’ll come and visit her on another day.” 
She then lowered her head and walked out of the Farwell residence. 
After she stepped out of the residence, Aubree’s expression instantly turned grim. 
How did he manage to find that little b*stard! And how dare she behave like this in front of me? Why 
isn’t she dead! Damn it! 
Meanwhile, Madilyn stayed back at Drunken Fairy even after Lucian had left. 
When it was about time, she came out of the restaurant and quickly ran to the car. 
“Are you all right?” Roxanne asked while opening the door for her. “He left?” 
Madilyn heaved a long sigh. “Yes. If only you could see how he stared at me. It’s as if he could see 
through me! I nearly cracked under the pressure and gave you away.” 
Roxanne smiled and expressed her gratitude. “You must have had it hard. Let’s go elsewhere and grab 
something to eat, shall we? My treat.” 
Madilyn waved her hand and turned her down. “No, thanks. I’ve packed all the leftovers. I must enjoy 
all these dishes from this exquisite private restaurant.”
###Chapter 10
Chapter 10
The four of them then returned to the mansion. 
Roxanne and the two children were so hungry that they gobbled up all the leftovers Madilyn brought 
from the restaurant. 
After dinner, the children went upstairs to take a shower. 
Madilyn cast a doubtful look at her best friend. “Why are you running away from him? I don’t get it. I 
thought you two had a divorce agreement? Why are you so afraid of him? And you didn’t tell me why 
you divorced him. What exactly happened in the last few years?” 
After meeting her gaze, Roxanne lowered her eyes and hesitated for a moment. She decided to 
roughly tell Madilyn the story. 
“Oh, my God! No, you didn’t!” 
Never in a million years did Madilyn think Roxanne would drug Lucian and give birth to his children. 
So that’s why she ran away when she heard his name! 
Roxanne bit her lower lip and looked agonized. “I don’t want him to know about Benny and Archie. 
Besides, I’m still worried that he would still hold grudges against me for drugging him. People with an 
identity like his can easily take revenge against me as long as he wants to. I wouldn’t be afraid of facing 
the consequences if I were alone. But now that I have two kids, I have to act responsibly.” 
She flashed a self-deprecating smile and continued, “Maybe it’s just me overthinking. He might not 
even give a damn about it. I’m just a nobody anyway.” 
“That’s what you thought!” Madilyn knitted her brows. “I think he recognized your voice. When he went 
in just now, he asked where you were. It seems he was coming after you!” 
Roxanne was stunned for a bit upon hearing that. She felt a prickly pain in her heart. 
He must have hated me for what I did that night. I bet that’s the only feeling he has for me. 
Upon seeing how upset her best friend was, Madilyn consoled her. “Don’t worry, Roxanne. I’m sure you 
won’t bump into him so easily since Horington is a big city, and your jobs aren’t really related either.” 
Roxanne nodded, hoping luck would be on her side. 
“Mommy!” 
Suddenly, Roxanne heard Archie’s and Benny’s voices from behind. 
Roxanne and Madilyn immediately stopped their discussion and looked toward the stairs. 
Archie and Benny had just taken their shower. There was still moisture in their hair, and their fair skin 
was dewy. The two little ones, who wore pajamas printed with cow spots, came downstairs. 
They walked up to the women, tilted their heads upward, and gazed at them with wide eyes. “What are 
you two talking about?” 
Madilyn squatted down and carried both cuties in her arms. “You two are so adorable! I like you so 
much! Come, let’s go home with Aunt Madilyn!” 
Archie and Benny could not utter a word as Madilyn kept squishing their cheeks. 
Roxanne could not help but giggle. 
She went up and rescued her two boys from Madilyn’s clutches. 
Suddenly, she remembered something. “Oh, before I forget. Since I came back here in haste and 
would be busy working, I can’t take Archie and Benny with me all the time. Can you recommend me a 
kindergarten for these boys? And oh, I’ll need to find a nanny too.” 
The boys did not say anything upon hearing what their mother said. 
With their level of intelligence, they would not need to go to a kindergarten at all. 
But since Mommy is busy, we can only try our best to lessen her burden. 
Madilyn thought about it for a while. “Yes! I do have a kindergarten in mind!” 
Roxanne looked at her. “Tell me about it.” 
Madilyn said, “There’s a kindergarten for children from the elite families, and it’s pretty well-known in 
Horington. The classes are exciting, kids will get to learn multiple languages, and the teachers are 
highly qualified. A lot of wealthy families would fight for a spot for their children. You won’t have to 
worry about big bullies in that school.” 
Roxanne instantly responded, “Really? Let me find out more about this kindergarten on the internet. If 
everything goes well, I wish to enroll Archie and Benny in the school right away!”
###Chapter 11
Chapter 11
In the middle of the night, Lucian tiptoed into Estella’s room in the Farwell residence and tucked her in. 
He watched the little girl sleeping soundly in bed for quite a while before he turned and stepped out of 
the room. 
The moment he came out of the room, Cayden stepped forward to update him, “Mr. Farwell, I’ve 
dropped by the restaurant to investigate the matter. However, I didn’t discover anything as the 
surveillance cameras there were broken.” 
“So coincidentally?” Hearing that, Lucian knitted his brows. The moment my suspicion was piqued, the 
surveillance cameras were broken as well? 
Looking troubled, Cayden replied hesitantly, “It could be mere coincidence. After all, we haven’t 
received any news about Mrs. Farwell- I mean, Ms. Jarvis, since she left years ago. I don’t think she’d 
appear out of the blue in this city.” 
Right after he said that, he noticed his boss’s expression darkening. 
Cayden’s heart skipped a beat. He cast his head down and dared not utter anything more. 
“I got it,” Lucian responded ambiguously before he turned and headed toward his room. 
The following morning, after breakfast, Roxanne took her two boys to the premium kindergarten 
recommended by Madilyn. 
As someone of high efficiency, Roxanne had stayed up late to sort things out after finalizing her option 
for the kindergarten the night before. She planned to enroll them in it right away. 
As notified by Madilyn, the entry requirements for the particular kindergarten were relatively strict. All 
the students there were from wealthy and prominent families. On top of that, the kindergarten was 
stringent in screening their students’ parents. 
Right after Roxanne reached the office of the head of the kindergarten, she was requested to provide 
the details of her occupation and net worth with related documentation. Fortunately, she had made the 
necessary preparation, as reminded by Madilyn earlier. 
Even though Roxanne was neither a CEO nor a director, she had made a lot of money over the past
few years with her expertise in the medical field. Thus, her net worth was a lot higher than the 
kindergarten’s minimum requirement. 
After going through her documentation, the head of the kindergarten uttered courteously. “Ms. Jarvis, 
I’ll proceed to enroll your kids now. Could you please sign here?” 
Roxanne placed her signature on the document as requested. 
Shortly after, the head of the kindergarten summoned a teacher with a pleasant look. She instructed 
the latter to lead the two boys to their classroom so they could familiarize themselves with the 
environment and their classmates. 
The two boys waved at Roxanne nonchalantly and walked away with the teacher. 
Roxanne retracted her gaze after their figures were out of sight. Then, she nodded at the head of the 
kindergarten and left. Unlike the other parents, she had nothing to worry about when it came to her two 
boys. 
She had started bringing them along to the research institute years ago. In other words, they were not 
easily shy as they had gotten used to mingling with others and could adapt to the environment well. 
Apart from that, the syllabus in the kindergarten was a piece of cake for the two little geniuses. 
Instead of being bullied by the other kids in the kindergarten, Roxanne was even more worried that her 
two boys would pick on the others. After all, almost all the talented members of the research institute 
had fallen victim to their tricks before. 
On the other hand, the two boys looked around curiously along the way as their teacher led them to 
their classroom. 
The moment they stepped into it, their teacher introduced them gently to the other kids. “Everyone, 
they’re our newly joined classmates. Put your hands together to welcome them, okay?” 
All the other kids stared at the two boys with intrigue. Meanwhile, the duo also introduced themselves 
graciously. 
Their adorable looks and cheerfulness were indeed irresistible to the other kids. After their introduction, 
everyone applauded excitedly. 
Benny scanned one round before someone among the kids caught his eye. Pulling the hem of Archie’s
shirt, he whispered to the latter, “Archie, look! Isn’t that our paternal sister? She’s in the same class as 
us!”
###Chapter 12
Chapter 12
When Archie looked in the direction where Benny was staring, the little girl they met the day before 
came into sight. Subsequently, he furrowed his brows. 
In the meantime, Estella was staring at them as she clapped her hands with the other kids. 
When she realized Archie and Benny were fastening their gazes on her, a hint of inexplicit excitement 
flickered in her crystal-clear eyes. 
Never had she expected that she would meet them here. Even though she had only met them once, 
she could not fathom why she tended to take a fancy to them. 
Even so, Archie and Benny had retracted their gazes as she kept her eyes glued to them. 
“Okay! You may take your seats now. Oh, there are two empty seats over there. I’ll arrange for you two 
to sit together, okay?” Their teacher pointed at the two empty seats next to Estella. 
Archie and Benny were momentarily stunned. Nevertheless, they nodded obediently and walked over 
to sit down without uttering any words. 
Estella’s eyes lit up at the two boys walking toward the empty seats next to her. She gazed at them in 
anticipation but was soon overcome by a wave of disappointment. They’re seated right next to me, but 
why don’t they greet me? It’s as though they didn’t recognize me. 
Down in the dumps, Estella cast her eyes down, toying with her fingers. 
In actuality, the two boys were observing her reaction discreetly. Sensing the latter’s sheer 
disappointment, they could not help feeling guilty. 
Clenching his fists, Archie reminded himself and his brother at the same time, “Daddy abandoned us 
and had another child with another woman. He even bullied Mommy! We mustn’t talk to her because 
she’s his kid with another woman! Otherwise, we’ll surely hurt Mommy’s feelings!” 
Benny nodded solemnly at the former’s words. “Yeah! We should ignore her!” 
Hence, the two boys sat upright throughout the class and did not even glance obliquely at Estella. 
Sensing the duo’s aloofness, Estella dared not steal any glance at them again. 
After class, quite a few girls huddled over to play with the two boys. They not only gasped admiringly at
the two brothers’ good looks but also shared their toys willingly with them. 
The outgoing Benny got along well with the others, laughing cheerfully. 
On the contrary, Archie was polite, mature for his age, and friendly. 
Catching sight of the two boys’ bright smiles, Estella suddenly had the courage to go over and greet 
them again. 
However, all the other kids surrounded the two boys and squeezed her out of her seat. 
One of the girls even grimaced as she pushed her aside and scoffed, “Little Mute, get lost! You can’t 
even talk, so what’s the point of you squeezing with us here? Don’t rain on our parade, okay?” 
Caught off guard, Estella lost her balance and fell backward. 
All the others behind her dodged immediately. None of them stretched out their hands to help her. 
Startled, Estella thought of balancing herself by grabbing the side of the desk next to her. Even so, she 
missed it and fell. The next second, she knocked her hand on the side of the desk. 
Ouch! It hurts! Estella ended up slumping on the floor. She knitted her brows in pain. At the same time, 
tears started to well up in her eyes. 
Meanwhile, the other kids around her only watched without taking any action. A few girls cupped their 
mouths to stifle their giggles. 
Estella had been unsociable in the class all the while. Since she was mute, she hardly had any friends. 
Nevertheless, she was as sweet as a doll. Even though girls disliked her, she was well-liked by most of 
the boys. They even treated and served her well like a princess. 
In fact, the boys, who were usually as agile as monkeys, tended to practice self-discipline in front of 
her. Needless to say, the girls were green with envy because of that. 
Tammy, who shoved her away moments ago, never failed to grab the chance to bully her.
###Chapter 13
Chapter 13
No words could describe the pain on Estella’s hand and the grievance surging from within her after the 
fall. She massaged her little hand instinctively, almost breaking into tears. 
After a while, she sniffled and got up to her feet. Then, she took out a notebook from the desk and 
started writing something in it. 
All the other kids were not surprised by that. Since Estella was mute, she usually communicated with 
them by writing in her notebook. However, it seldom appeared as there was scarcely anyone to play 
with her. 
A while later, she flipped her notebook toward Tammy after she finished writing. 
Placing her hands on her hips, the latter snorted at the word “apologize” in it and questioned 
sardonically, “How could you have the cheek to request me to apologize to you? Estella, you’re asking 
for it!” 
With that, she advanced toward Estella with her nose in the air and stretched out her hand, thinking of 
giving the poor girl another shove. 
It never occurred to Estella that Tammy would strike at her again. Standing rooted on the spot, she was 
unable to react. 
In the meantime, Archie and Benny had been keeping their eyes on them. 
Nobody was aware when Tammy suddenly gave Estella a hefty shove a while ago. The realization only 
dawned on Archie and Benny when Estella fell to the floor. 
Now that Tammy was going to shove Estella again, they could not hold back any longer. 
“Enough of that! How could you bully her!” Archie stood in her way swiftly, glowering at her with a look 
of sheer grimness. 
Tammy was stunned at his sudden emergence in front of Estella. 
Archie stated sternly, “Didn’t your mother teach you to apologize after making a mistake? Since you’d 
shoved her just now, you must apologize to her!” 
Irked by Tammy’s domineeringness, the young boy exuded an imposing aura surprisingly. 
An intimidated Tammy looked around apprehensively, hoping the other kids would back her up. 
Moments later, when nobody stepped forward to do so, she could only retort guiltily, “I-I…” 
Nevertheless, she was at a loss for words to speak up for herself. 
At the sight of Tammy blushing crimson, Benny advanced toward her resignedly. “You shouldn’t hurt 
anyone as you like. It’s bad behavior! We’re not supposed to fight among ourselves. Apologize to her, 
okay?” 
Benny’s voice was not as authoritative as Archie’s, but there was still an unmissable hint of sternness 
in his tone. 
On the verge of tears, Tammy flashed him a glance timidly. 
Seeing that, Benny blinked a few times and relented. “Don’t cry. You’ll look ugly if you cry. Bad kids 
tend to look ugly, too. Not to mention, only bad kids hurt others. If you don’t wish to be one of them, 
apologize to her sincerely. You’ll automatically be a good kid again after she forgives you!” 
Tammy sniffled hard, restraining herself from bursting into tears. No way! I don’t want to be an ugly girl! 
But bad kids tend to look ugly… 
After much hesitation, she snuffled and apologized to Estella, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have pushed you 
just now. Could you please forgive me?” 
Estella looked at Tammy for quite a while before nodding. 
Benny grinned blissfully. “That’s right! We’re all classmates and should get along well with each other!” 
Tammy nodded awkwardly at Estella’s willingness to forgive her. 
The other kids shared the same sentiments as Benny and echoed his words. Meanwhile, Archie turned 
to look at Estella. “Are you all right? Did you get hurt just now?” 
Hiding her injured hand behind her back, Estella put up a front and shook her head. 
The next moment, Benny leaned closer and stared at her suspiciously. “I saw you knock onto the desk 
just now. How’s it possible that you’re not hurt at all? Let me have a look!” 
Without any waste of time, he grabbed hold of Estella’s injured hand. The latter shrunk away, trying to 
pull her hand out. 
Nevertheless, the tiny red patch on the back of her hand was utterly visible against her fair skin. 
When the unsightly redness came into view, Archie questioned her again, “Do you really not feel any 
pain?” 
Wearing a look of earnestness, Estella shook her head. Even so, her eyes were red-rimmed. 
Archie and Benny furrowed their brows in unison. The part of her skin has turned relatively red! How’s it 
possible that it’s not painful? It has even started to swell. There might be a bruise later! 
“We’ll bring you to see our teacher now and let the school nurse attend to it.” Archie sounded 
determined. 
Estella wanted to withdraw her hand, but Benny gripped it. He dragged her and went after Archie, 
heading straight for the staffroom. 
At the sight of the wound on Estella’s hand, their teacher asked about the event that had transpired 
earlier before leading them to the school nurse’s room in a hurry. 
Estella’s injury was not severe, but the school nurse did not dare to dawdle. After spraying some 
medicine onto her wound, she massaged it for a while gently. 
When it was done, she looked at the two boys waiting aside. Impressed by their good looks, she asked 
their teacher, “Are these two boys your new students? I’ve never seen them before. Look at how 
adorable they are! I bet girls will fall head over heels for them when they grow up! Look, this little girl 
resembles them too. Could they be siblings?” 
Hearing that, Archie and Benny exchanged gazes intuitively and turned to look at Estella alongside 
them simultaneously. 
The duo was not surprised. After all, Estella was their paternal sister. It was nothing unusual for 
paternal siblings to look alike. Furthermore, people tended to comment that their eyes did not resemble 
their mother’s. 
Estella also gazed at the two boys and could not help wondering, Do we look alike? 
After the school nurse attended to Estella’s injury, their teacher left together with them. 
Back in the classroom, Estella followed behind Archie and Benny closely like a small tail attached to 
their backs. 
Soon, they walked back to their seats and sat down. 
Initially, Archie and Benny thought that their mission was accomplished. It never came to them that 
Estella would tag along with them wherever they went during class activities. My goodness! We can’t 
seem to shrug her off! She even keeps stealing glances at us during class! 
After a few times, Archie could not take it any longer. Furrowing his brows, he looked intently into 
Estella’s eyes. “Why are you following us so closely?” 
His tone was not harsh, but he sounded emotionless and aloof. 
Intimidated by his abrupt query, Estella looked away hastily. Even so, she cast a look in his direction 
again seconds later. 
Archie’s forehead creased into a frown. 
Undeniably, he had a soft spot for the adorable Estella. How nice would it be if she’s not related to 
Daddy! If so, Benny and I would treat her like a little princess and protect her well. However, this Little 
Mute is Daddy’s daughter with another woman. If we treat her well, we’ll be betraying Mommy! 
He wanted to get a grip of himself to pay no heed to the girl, but he was speechless when he saw the 
latter staring at them pitifully. 
Just when he was about to ask Estella to stay away from them, he noticed that the latter started writing 
something in her notebook again. This round, she wrote: I want to be friends with both of you. 
Shortly after, she lifted her notebook, covering the lower half of her face and only revealing her bright 
eyes.
###Chapter 14
Chapter 14
Roxanne was clueless about the incident at the kindergarten. 
After leaving the kindergarten, she headed straight to the research institute set up in the country by her 
professor. 
The moment she stepped into the building, she saw a charming man dressed in a suit approaching her. 
“Welcome back, Roxanne. I’m excited to be your colleague again.” 
Colby Galloway stood before her and extended his hand. 
Roxanne nodded and shook his hand, quickly retracting it. 
Previously, Colby was abroad. He was also in Harvey’s team and was involved in many types of 
research and development. 
During that time, Colby had been her assistant. After all, he was a graduate of a famous school, and 
his capabilities were acknowledged by Roxanne and Harvey. 
Though Roxanne’s attitude was impassive, Colby did not mind it. He smiled and offered, “Come on. I’ll 
bring you to the office.” 
With that, he turned around and led the way, introducing the structure of the research institute and the 
key personnel along the way. 
Upon reaching the office, Colby grinned at Roxanne, saying, “I’ve specially instructed someone to 
decorate this place. It’s based on your preferences in the past. Linda’s workplace is right outside.” 
Roxanne studied the area and responded with a satisfied nod. “That’s really thoughtful of you. Thank 
you so much.” 
Colby was momentarily stunned. He then put on a gentle smile. Even his voice sounded warm. “It’s 
nothing much. You don’t have to be so polite with me.” 
As he was saying that, he could not conceal his liking for her that poured out from his gaze. 
Despite knowing she was a mother of two, it did not decrease his adoration for her. 
After all, Roxanne was an excellent woman in every aspect. In fact, she was so excellent that her 
qualities could cover up her shortcomings. 
However, Roxanne did not notice the gaze he was giving her. 
After briefly scanning the office, she said to Colby, “My purpose for coming here today is to understand 
the operations of the research institute. Could you bring me around the facility?” 
Colby was still smiling brightly. “Okay.” 
Roxanne nodded slightly and gestured for him to lead the way. 
When Colby returned to his position in front of her, his smile turned bitter. 
It was true that he liked Roxanne. Sadly, she only viewed him as an ordinary subordinate. 
This is so… frustrating! 
Soon, both of them left the office area and went straight to the main region of the research institute. 
They arrived at the testing area. Several researchers wearing laboratory coats and masks could be 
seen busy working at their respective workbenches. 
Roxanne did not want to disturb them. Hence, she asked Colby to briefly introduce all the projects and 
their progress. 
By the afternoon, Roxanne already had a clear idea of the research institute’s situation. 
At the same time, she discovered an important problem. 
When they were visiting the testing area earlier, there was a foundation work area where no work was 
being carried out. 
Roxanne asked the researchers about it, only to find that the drugs they needed were finished, and 
they were still waiting for the research institute to distribute them. 
Many other areas were facing the same situation. 
Due to the delay in the distribution of drugs, the research of several projects had no choice but to be 
put on hold temporarily, leading to an increase in cost and time needed for the projects. 
Gradually, it led to a major loss to the research institute. 
After stepping out of the testing area, Roxanne frowned and gave Colby a stern look. “The delay of 
drug distribution has caused many types of research to be put on hold. What’s going on here? Didn’t 
you find a way to solve this?”
###Chapter 15
Chapter 15
Hearing her words, Colby stopped smiling and answered seriously, “I’m already looking for a solution 
for this problem.” 
Roxanne frowned as she looked at him, waiting for his next sentence. 
“Recently, I’ve met with a medicinal ingredients supplier and have talked to them about a long-term 
collaboration. All that’s left is to sign the contract. The agreed time to sign the contract would be 
tomorrow afternoon. The reason things did not go smoothly previously is that the research institute was 
still in the construction phase. Many complicated and miscellaneous affairs had to be dealt with, and 
the employees were still getting used to the system. It was only recently that they had begun to adjust 
themselves. Moreover, Horington’s medicinal ingredients are mostly monopolized by a few major 
suppliers, and the supply was not enough to cover their demand. On top of that, our research institute 
is fairly new to the industry, causing many suppliers to intentionally increase their prices. It cost us a lot 
of time to negotiate for a lower price. That was why things were delayed until now.” 
Colby gave her a brief summary of what had happened. 
Though it sounded simple, he was just a researcher. Hence, he suffered a lot when he negotiated with 
the cunning suppliers. 
Even if he did not reveal much detail, Roxanne could imagine how difficult things were. 
As the person in charge of the research institute, he naturally had to manage everything. It was normal 
to face challenges everywhere. 
In fact, she encountered some herself when she was abroad. 
After she listened to Colby’s explanation, Roxanne’s expression relaxed. “Things must’ve been very 
difficult for you.” 
The corners of Colby’s lips lifted. “Not really. It’s my job, anyway.” 
“What’s the name of this medicinal ingredients supplier?” Roxanne brought the conversation back to 
the topic of business again. “If it’s possible, I’d like to go with you to the signing of the contract. Since 
I’m going to take over the future matters of the research institute, I think I should go over and have a
few conversations with them.” 
Colby simply responded, “Sure. You could come along tomorrow.” 
Roxanne nodded. 
After that, both of them returned to Roxanne’s office. When she saw the person behind her had no 
intentions of leaving, she was perplexed. “Is there anything else?” 
Colby smiled politely. “Actually, I have something to ask you. Are you free tonight? It’s your first day at 
work, and I’ve arranged a dinner to welcome you. At the same time, you can get to know the people in 
the institute.” 
Hearing that, Roxanne relaxed her brows. “Thank you. Tonight’s dinner is on me, then. We’re going to 
be working closely together in the future. I should show my sincerity as the person in charge.” 
Seeing that she had agreed to come, Colby did not haggle over such details. He nodded with a smile. 
“Okay. See you after work, then.” 
With that, he turned around, intending to leave. 
Right then, Roxanne called out, “Could you please bring over all the documents I need to deal with 
later? I’ve got no urgent matters, anyway. I can use the time to take a look at them.” 
“Sure. I’ll get them now,” he answered. 
Soon, Colby brought all the documents to her office. 
After placing them down, he excused himself politely and helped her to shut the door. 
At last, Roxanne was the only person left in the office. 
She pulled out her phone and dialed Madilyn’s number. “Maddy, are you free tonight? Could you help 
me pick Archie and Benny up? I’ve got something to attend to tonight, and I might be home late.” 
Madilyn did not question further and gave her a brief reply. “Okay.” 
After making the arrangements for the children, Roxanne started looking through the documents. 
It was not until Colby knocked on her door that she stopped working. 
It was time to get off work. 
“Time goes by really fast…” Roxanne muttered, picking up her coat and walking out of the door. 
Colby grinned. “You’re very focused when you work. It’s normal to not notice time passing by.” 
Both of them continued chatting along the way. 
After exiting the research institute, they got into Colby’s car and went straight to the restaurant. 
After around ten minutes, Colby gestured for her to look ahead. “That’s the one.” 
Roxanne lifted her gaze and spotted a vintage-looking building with exquisite carvings on the exterior. 
Moreover, it was located in front of a river. Hence, it looked really charming. 
The restaurant was named The Waterfront. 
Colby parked the car, and they walked toward the entrance of The Waterfront. 
Just as they were about to enter, a Rolls-Royce stopped slowly by the roadside in the dark. 
Cayden got off the car and went to open the door to the passenger seat. 
Lucian’s slender figure appeared in the dark, and his dark, narrowed eyes were fixed on the entrance 
of The Waterfront. 
When he was in the car earlier, he had distinctly seen a figure that resembled Roxanne’s.
###Chapter 16
Chapter 16
Lucian furrowed his brows, and a look of annoyance flashed through his eyes. 
Am I seeing things again? I wouldn’t bother about it if it’s just once or twice, but this has been going on 
for two days straight. I’ve been seeing her figure in different places. But the silhouette only flashes past 
my eyes without leaving any traces behind. 
He could not help but snort coldly before retracting his gaze. 
I must be going mad. That’s why I’m thinking of her again. 
Meanwhile, Cayden had been waiting by the side for some time. Seeing Lucian not moving his feet, he 
asked carefully, “Mr. Farwell, our client has been waiting for a long time. Aren’t we going in?” 
Lucian shut his eyes for a while and recollected himself before replying calmly, “Let’s go.” 
With that, he strode into the building with his long legs. 
Cayden followed closely behind him. 
When Roxanne and Colby arrived in the private room, all the employees of the research institute were 
already there. 
Colby let her sit in the main seat, while he took the one beside her. After getting themselves settled, he 
introduced her to the crowd, “I’m sure many of you have met Dr. Jarvis today, but I’d still like to 
introduce her to all of you.” 
Everyone turned to look at Roxanne, who nodded as a form of greeting. 
“This is Roxanne Jarvis. You may address her as Dr. Jarvis. Perhaps you might not be familiar with this 
name, but I’m sure everyone is familiar with the name she used abroad. She’s Professor Lambert’s 
greatest student, Janet.” 
Everyone in the room was stunned to hear the name. It took them a while to come back to their senses, 
and their eyes were instantly filled with respect. 
Janet was a name everyone in the medical industry was aware of. In fact, it would be safe to say that 
her name was well known abroad. 
After all, she possessed great medical skills from a young age. Rumor had it that she inherited eighty
percent of Harvey’s skills. She was basically a role model for the younger generation. 
All that while, the employees thought Janet was a serious-looking, bespectacled academician with 
short hair. 
To their surprise, she was a beautiful woman. 
After returning to their senses, some of her admirers quickly stood up. 
“Are you really Janet? I really admire you. I’ve read every thesis you wrote when you were abroad. 
You’re really my idol!” 
“It’s our honor to be colleagues with you, Janet!” 
The crowd started giving compliments, all of them looking extremely sincere. 
After exchanging glances with everyone, Roxanne smiled. “Thank you for the compliments, everyone. 
Here’s to a fruitful collaboration.” 
With that, she raised her glass. 
The others, too, raised theirs and downed their drinks in one go. 
Roxanne acted extremely friendly without any arrogance, causing all the employees to admire her even 
more. 
It was a pleasant and cheerful meal. 
Many of them toasted Roxanne, and she accepted them all. 
She had a high alcohol tolerance, but there were too many people who approached her for a toast. 
Before she knew it, she was already feeling tipsy. 
Seeing the dinner was about to end, Roxanne excused herself to the toilet to wash her face and 
freshen up. 
As she walked out of the restroom and was on the way back to the private room, her phone vibrated. 
Roxanne glanced at her phone to find a message from her children, asking her when was she going 
home. 
Seeing the text put a heartwarming smile on her face. When she was about to stop in her tracks to 
reply to their text, someone bumped into her shoulder harshly, and her phone almost flew out of her 
hands. 
Roxanne gripped her phone tightly and apologized to the other person. “I’m sorry—” 
Before she could even finish, the man questioned angrily, “Are you blind? D*mn it. What a mood killer 
for such a night!” 
As he spoke, a stench of alcohol entered her nostrils. 
Roxanne knitted her brows and backed away discreetly, putting some distance between them. 
When the drunkard saw her face clearly, he stopped scolding her and gaped at her beautiful face.
###Chapter 17
Chapter 17
Roxanne put up her guard when she realized the man was a drunkard. 
Hoping to avoid unnecessary trouble, she apologized again, “I’m really sorry. Are you okay?” 
When she finished speaking, the man in front of her suddenly smiled maliciously. Even his voice 
sounded excited. “Hello, pretty babe… I’m fine. You’ll find out after having a few drinks with me. I’ll 
forgive you for today’s matters once you make me happy.” 
Roxanne frowned. She knew the person in front of her had lost all sense of rationality due to his 
drunkenness. Hence, she ignored him and lowered her head, wanting to walk past him. 
Just as she arrived beside the drunkard, his voice rang out again. “Don’t leave, pretty babe. I’m really 
rich. If you agree to be with me, I promise you’ll live comfortably for the rest of your life.” 
He then let out a perverted laugh, scanning Roxanne from head to toe. 
This beauty has such a pretty and delicate face. And her body has all the right curves. She’s so fair that 
even her skin glows under the light. I bet she must be satisfying to touch! 
The more he looked at her, the more excited he got. He reached out, wanting to touch her face. 
Seeing his hand nearing her, Roxanne put on a cold expression, took one step backward, and kicked 
him in the stomach. 
Since it was her first day at the research institute, she was dressed formally. Thanks to her heels, the 
kick was even more powerful. 
The person was so drunk that he was already swaying on his feet and was rather woozy. Before he 
could even react, he had already been given a hard kick in his stomach. His face paled, and he 
clutched his stomach, staggering backward and landing heavily on the ground. 
“You little b*tch! How dare you disrespect me? You should be feeling honored that I’m attracted to you. 
How dare you kick me?” he yelled. 
After squirming on the ground for a long time, he gritted his teeth and lifted his head. His eyes were 
bloodshot. 
Roxanne cast him a disgusted glance before making her way past him.
Suddenly, he roared into a corner, “Someone, get here! That woman attacked me! Get her into the 
private room now! I’d like to see how she can continue putting up that attitude with me tonight.” 
Right after he finished speaking, two burly bodyguards dashed out from the corner. When they saw the 
drunkard in such a pathetic state, they hesitated for a moment. “Boss…” 
“Don’t bother about me! Just get her!” the drunkard roared. 
The bodyguards immediately walked toward Roxanne. 
When she heard the sound of footsteps approaching her from behind, her heart skipped a beat, and 
she reached into her bag to grab a bag of powder. 
If they get near me, I’ll let them have a taste of this medicine. 
As she turned around with the bag in her hand, the bodyguard that was about to touch her suddenly 
screamed and flew past her. 
In the next second, the other bodyguard disappeared from her sight in the same manner. 
Roxanne was dumbfounded. It was only then that she realized there was another silhouette behind her. 
She turned around and spotted a slender figure standing a few steps away from her. 
Her heart sank, and she felt as if her mind was about to explode. She spun around instantly, wanting to 
flee from the scene. 
Lucian, who wore a grim expression, was dressed in a tailored suit. His sleeves were rolled up to his 
forearms, and a few buttons around his collar were unbuttoned. He stood in the corridor while looking 
at the woman in front of him with a burning gaze. 
In fact, he was in the middle of a social event. He found the air rather stuffy and decided to come out to 
get some fresh air. 
Never did he expect to meet Roxanne out there. 
It’s really her! 
The longer he stared at her, the darker his gaze became. He wanted to say something before seeing 
the woman attempting to flee. 
Frowning, he dashed forward and grabbed her wrist. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne was so nervous that she could hear her heart pounding. She had no idea when
he managed to catch up to her, and his grip caught her off guard. She froze on the spot, and all kinds 
of thoughts raced through her mind. 
“Roxanne!” The man’s furious voice rang out beside her ears. “Stop hiding from me!” 
Roxanne finally came to her senses and struggled subconsciously. 
Sensing her movements, Lucian exerted more force into his grip. 
“Let me go!” 
Roxanne gave up struggling and turned around stubbornly, meeting his gaze. 
“Let go?” 
Lucian’s words sounded as if they were forced out of his gritted teeth. He stared at her intently with his 
dark eyes. 
It had been six years since they last met. Roxanne’s face had traces of maturity, yet she looked as 
beautiful as ever. 
However, she was no longer the obedient and gentle person he remembered. Unlike in the past, when 
she was submissive to him, she was currently more imposing and fiercer. 
There was even a distant look in her eyes. 
Anger brewed in Lucian’s heart when he realized all that. He stared coldly into Roxanne’s eyes and 
enunciated each syllable clearly as he spoke. “Do you think I’ll let you escape again?” 
Roxanne’s heart trembled. She wanted to say something, but Lucian would not give her the chance to 
do so. His voice had a dangerous tone when he instructed Cayden, who stood behind him, “Get rid of 
all these scums!” 
Without giving Roxanne time to react, he grabbed her by the arm and marched into the private room 
beside them. 
Roxanne had a sense of uneasiness, but she could not break free, no matter what she did. Just like 
that, she was dragged into the room, stumbling along the way.
###Chapter 18
Chapter 18
The private room was empty. 
Once Lucian entered the room, he shut the door right away. 
At that moment, the room fell into pin-drop silence. Only the sound of their breathing could be heard. 
Roxanne scanned the area. For some reason, she felt a sense of danger, and she started struggling 
fiercely. 
“What are you trying to do? Let me go!” 
In the next second, Lucian pinned her against the wall effortlessly. 
Both their bodies were pressed so tightly together that Lucian’s warm breath landed on her ears. 
Roxanne suddenly stopped struggling and leaned against the wall, straightening her body stiffly. 
Without realizing it, she even slowed down her breathing. 
They were so close that her chest would touch the person before her if she breathed slightly harder. 
The room fell into dead silence. 
Roxanne gritted her teeth as her mind raced. 
No matter how much time had passed, the oppressive feeling he gave her was still as strong as before. 
However, their relationship had changed long ago. 
Roxanne clenched her fists and forced herself to calm down. 
We’re already divorced. Lucian and I have absolutely nothing to do with each other now. We’re people 
of different worlds. 
At that thought, Roxanne took a deep breath and said calmly, “Lucian, let me go. We can talk this out if 
you’ve got something to say.” 
Lucian was slightly stunned to hear her calm tone. After some time, he took a step back, but he did not 
release her. 
Roxanne secretly sighed with relief, and her expression became calmer. 
“Do you have nothing to say to me?” 
Lucian narrowed his eyes upon seeing the change in her expression. 
Perhaps it was because Roxanne had thought things through that her heart did not tremble at his 
words. With a distant tone, she said, “Mr. Farwell, we’ve been divorced for six years already. I think 
there’s nothing I have to say to you.” 
When she ended her sentence, Lucian pinched her chin hard. 
She was forced to meet his gaze. 
“What did you just call me?” 
Lucian’s eyes burned with rage as if they could shoot fire at any time. 
Roxanne endured the pain and avoided his gaze, not uttering a single word. 
Lucian was even more infuriated at her act of silence. 
Mr. Farwell? That form of address sounds really distant! Well, it makes sense though. It’s been six 
years, after all. Hasn’t this woman always been heartless? She’s so heartless that she could even 
leave her daughter behind and act like a stranger. I bet no one’s more heartless than her. 
“Roxanne, why are you acting like a stranger in front of me?” 
Lucian gripped her chin harder. 
Roxanne winced, frowning as she met his eyes with a look of resistance. 
Lucian smirked. “Weren’t you the one who shouted how much you liked and loved me back then? And 
now, you’re acting like we’re strangers? Have you forgotten what you did to me in the past? You 
might’ve forgotten, but I haven’t!” 
Roxanne froze for a few seconds. She never expected him to bring up the matter of six years ago. 
It was impossible for her to forget what happened that night. 
That night, she had approached him like a sacrificial animal, all for a tiny moment of intimacy with him. 
As she thought of her emotions from that night, Roxanne’s heart turned cold, and she balled her fists 
that were hanging by her side. Unwilling to back down, she responded, “I remember it. What’s wrong? 
Do you feel like you’d been taken advantage of? Do you want to get back your dignity? Tell me. How 
should I compensate you, Mr. Farwell?” 
Lucian trembled with rage, causing the atmosphere in the private room to be filled with terrifying 
tension. 
The pain in her chin was getting more intense. Still, Roxanne endured it and continued calmly, “To be 
honest, you weren’t conscious that night, and I didn’t feel anything. Now that I think about it, it was just 
so-so. But it’s true that I drugged you. So, I won’t if you want to be compensated.” 
Very well. Now that so many years have passed, this woman knows how to use her words to anger me. 
Lucian’s eyes narrowed dangerously. 
Indeed, he was unconscious that night, and he barely remembered any details. 
However, any man would be angered when they heard Roxanne’s words. 
After several seconds of silence, Lucian lifted her chin slightly and said coldly, “So-so? Since I’ve 
caused such a misunderstanding, I don’t mind being at your service again.” 
Panic flashed through Roxanne’s eyes as she watched the man lean toward her. She wanted to 
escape, but she had nowhere to run.
###Chapter 19
Chapter 19
Chapter 19 Passionate Kiss 
The man’s hot lips pressed against hers, and the two breathed on each other’s skin. 
At that very second, Roxanne’s mind went blank. 
She never thought that Lucian would take it all the way there. 
The man was even tightening his grip on her chin, seemingly trying to force her to open her mouth. 
Right then, Roxanne came back to her senses and began thrashing. “Let go of me, Lucian Farwell! 
Have you lost your mind? We’re in a restaurant! Anyone might come in anytime!” 
Lucian moved a little further from her because of her struggles. When his mind registered her words, 
he frowned. “So what? Weren’t you the one who said you were going to compensate me? I’m just 
taking what you owe me once, but you’re already afraid?” 
Roxanne’s eyes twitched. A wave of disgust washed over her when she thought about what she went 
through the other night. 
Perhaps it was because he had been drugged that night, Lucian was barely aware of what he was 
doing. Still, he had been taking action instinctively, and he had been rough. 
Hence, she remembered nothing but the pain from that incident. 
Now that the man’s scent and the faint smell of alcohol were wafting across her nose again, and after 
hearing what he said, Roxanne began shaking. 
When Lucian saw no response from her, his eyes darkened, and he leaned over to kiss her again. 
It was a kiss rougher than the previous. 
Roxanne could not move at all under his grasp, and the panic in her heart was growing more and more 
intense. 
It had been six years, but her body still could not resist that man. 
If he notices my reaction, to him, I would still be the same person I was six years ago. 
With that thought in mind, Roxanne sobered up instantly. 
When she sensed the man trying to enter her, she quickly bit down hard on his lip. 
The metallic tang of blood soon flooded their mouth. 
The man froze. In the next second, he moved with even more vigor. 
Roxanne could barely take in any breaths from his continuous kisses, and she was slowly losing 
strength in her body. The only reason she didn’t slump down was that the man was still pressing down 
on her hand. 
A beat later, Lucian stopped and—with his lips still on hers—asked, “I thought you said you feel nothing 
toward me. Why have you gone so weak? Roxanne, your body is far more honest than your mouth is!” 
The man’s voice was hoarse. 
Roxanne panted. Just as she was about to refute him, she suddenly felt a large hand wandering toward 
her chest. 
Once she sensed his action, Roxanne somehow mustered up the force to shove him away and slap 
him. 
“Lucian, weren’t you the one who said you were going to marry Aubree? I’ve let you go, so what are 
you doing now? Are you taking revenge on me? If you are, then you’ve done it! I was foolish to have 
targeted you with such an extreme trick, but just as you wanted, I stopped clinging to you. I won’t 
appear in your life anymore! So, this is the end of us.” 
With that said, Roxanne shot him a glare and rushed out of the room, never once looking back. 
Meanwhile, after Cayden cleaned up the mess, he went to the private room they were at to guard the 
door for Lucian. All of a sudden, he saw Lucian’s ex-wife rushing out of the room. He froze for a few 
seconds before coming back to his senses and running into the room to check on Lucian. 
Right as he entered the room, he was greeted by a dim scene. His employer was standing in a nearby 
corner with his head tilted to the side. His cheek was a little red, and there was blood on his lips. At the 
same time, it seemed like he was fuming. 
“Mr. Farwell, are you… okay?” 
Cayden’s heart skipped a beat as he tentatively walked over to ask a word of concern. 
Lucian’s expression was dark. He reached up to touch his cheek before brushing his thumb across the 
corner of his lip. It came back wet. 
That woman bit down rather hard. She’s as ruthless as usual. 
As he looked at the blood on the tip of his thumb, Lucian gritted out, “I’m fine.” 
At that, he turned to leave the room. 
Go on. Keep running, Roxanne. You’re already back at Horington. I’d like to see where else you can 
run to! 
When he stepped out of the private room, he spotted the drunkard and his subordinate still crying out in 
misery on the ground. 
After a cold glance at the people on the floor, Lucian turned around to order Cayden, “Break whichever 
hands they used to touch her.” 
Sensing the tense atmosphere, Cayden hung his head and replied without hesitation, “Yes, sir!” 
Lucian said nothing else before he left.
###Chapter 20
Chapter 20
Chapter 20 Her Relationship With That Man 
Roxanne had nowhere to go after fleeing the room, so she hid in the stairwell. 
As she leaned against the wall and panted, she reached up to touch her aching lips. It felt as if the 
man’s warmth was still lingering on them. 
A moment later, Roxanne lowered her eyes self-deprecatingly. 
It had been many years, and she thought she had no feelings for Lucian anymore. Yet, after just one 
meeting with him, the man was wreaking havoc in her mind again. 
After a while of recomposing herself later, Roxanne returned to the room. 
The workers inside were still partying away, and they only became a little quieter when she entered. 
Noticing that her mood seemed to have changed since she left the room, Colby furrowed his brows. 
“Why did you leave for so long? Did something happen? It’s… like something’s off with you.” 
Roxanne gave him a nonchalant smile and shook her head. “It’s nothing. I gave my son a call.” 
With that, she took a seat, not letting Colby ask her anything else. 
Roxanne had left for quite a while. Not long after she returned, most were almost done with their 
partying. 
Roxanne was not in the right mood, so she decided to end the party. 
They all went downstairs together, and everyone bid goodbye to Roxanne and Colby. 
Soon, only the two of them were left. 
Colby softly suggested, “I’ll send you back if you don’t mind. You’ve drunk quite a lot tonight, and I’m 
worried about you.” 
Roxanne inclined her head, not disagreeing with his offer. “Thank you.” 
She had yet to buy a car after returning to the country. 
It seems like I have to hurry up and get a car soon. 
“It’s my pleasure.” 
Colby opened the car door for her. 
After thanking him again, Roxanne went into the car. 
In the meantime, by the entrance of the restaurant, Cayden was fearfully looking at his employer’s 
back. 
H-How can things be so coincidental? I can’t believe we’re watching Roxanne entering another man’s 
car. 
As Cayden watched the car slowly drive off, he cautiously raised his head to observe his employer’s 
expression. 
Lucian had a grimace on his face as he fixed his gaze on that car. 
A beat later, he looked away and gritted out, “Check who that man is and what kind of relationship he 
has with her.” 
Cayden hastily said yes to him. 
By the time Lucian returned to the Farwell residence, it was already nine. After sweeping his gaze 
across the living room, he realized Estella was nowhere to be found. A slight frown crept onto his face 
at that. “Where’s Essie?” 
Catalina, who took care of Estella, was on her way down the stairs. “Mr. Farwell, Ms. Estella is done 
with her shower and is now in her room. Would you like to go upstairs to see her?” 
Lucian gave her a slight nod and began walking toward the stairs. 
“Mr. Farwell, there’s something else I’d like to tell you about…” 
Catalina hesitantly continued, “When Ms. Estella came home tonight, she had a bruise on her wrist. I 
asked her about it, but she refused to tell me anything. I’m not sure if she has been bullied at 
kindergarten. I think this is something important you should look into. 
Lucian narrowed his eyes. “I understand. I’ll go upstairs and take a look at her.” 
With that said, he quickened his footsteps to Estella’s room before knocking on the door. 
Soon, Estella opened it for him. She did not have much reaction after realizing that Lucian had come 
home. After opening the door, she turned and walked back to where she came from. 
Lucian followed her. Then, he saw the girl going back to her table and returning to her drawing. 
He did not disturb her, for he noticed how focused she was. A while of waiting by the side later—when 
he saw her put down her pencil—he uttered, “Catalina said that you’re hurt. Let me take a look at you.”
###Chapter 21
Chapter 21
Estella obediently reached out her injured hand to him. 
When he saw the wound on her hand, he knitted his brows. “What happened? Were you bullied by the 
other kids?” 
Estella stiffened for a second before shaking her head vigorously. 
She wasn’t bullied? 
Lucian was confused. “Then what happened?” 
1 was 
Estella then picked up her pencil and slowly wrote a few letters on her book-“treeped”. 
She then cocked her head to the side, a little dubious of what she had just written. 
It was too difficult for her to spell it out. 
Whenever she could not spell out a word, she would usually try to spell it according to how it sounded, 
or she would just skip the word. 
However, she did not often write out that word, so she was unsure if she actually spelled it right or not. 
“Did you trip?” 
Lucian asked after looking at the word she wrote. 
Estella nodded. 
Lucian then let out a sigh of relief and gently touched the spot she hurt herself at. “Did the teacher treat 
your wound?” 
Estella nodded again. 
Lucian nodded before his eyes drifted toward her fair little hands again. “This will take days to heal, and 
you need to treat the wound. I’ll help you, okay?” 
Estella did not reject him. 
Immediately, Lucian crouched down and lifted her into his arms before going down the stairs. 
Once they reached the living room, he placed her on his lap and sat on the couch. At the same time, he 
said to Catalina, “Bring the medical kit over.” 
Catalina nodded in response. It did not take her long before she brought the kit over. 
Lucian then took out a spray from inside and sprayed it at her bruise. Then, he massaged the area for 
a while. 
It was quite a bad bruise. Even though it had been hours since the initial impact, it still hurt. 
Nevertheless, Estella did not kick up a fuss. She just pursed her lips as her brows furrowed. 
Lucian turned to study her expression every once in a while to see if he was hurting her. 
He lost himself in his thoughts when he saw her frowning face. 
Saw 
She looks a little like that woman when she’s solemn. 
Sensing her father’s gaze, Estella looked up at him, baffled. Instantly, she spotted his injured lips,– and 
she pointed at them with a look of confusion. 
It was easy to understand what she meant. She was asking him how he had gotten hurt. 
Lucian held her hand and replied, “It’s fine. A wild kitty bit me.” 
A wild kitty? 
Estella became even more confounded. She grabbed the pencil and paper on the coffee table and 
wrote: Where did the cat come from? 
Lucian’s eyes darkened a little. “From overseas.” 
That was all he was willing to say. He was afraid that he would not be able to suppress his fury around 
his daughter. 
When he noticed the perplexed look on her face, he reached out to take away the pencil and paper in 
her hands. “Let’s not talk about this anymore. It’s almost time. I’ll bring you to bed now.” 
Estella was still curious about the matter, but she decided not to prod further at her father’s words. 
Obediently, she let her father carry her upstairs. 
The two children were still awake when Roxanne went home. Madilyn was keeping them company as 
they watched the television. 
The moment she entered, the two children looked away from the screen and ran over to her. “Mommy!” 
Roxanne smiled and patted their heads. 
“Did you drink?” 
Archie smelled the alcohol on her and scrunched up his nose. “I’ll make a hangover remedy for you 
now. That way, your head won’t hurt when you wake the next morning.” 
With that said, he turned and went into the kitchen. 
Benny brought her all the way to the couch and made her sit before he climbed onto his mother’s lap. 
As he solemnly massaged her temples, he asked, “I’ll massage your head for you so that you won’t feel 
that bad.” 
Madilyn could not help but feel jealous at how sensible the children were despite their young age. “Why 
are my godsons so sweet?” 
Roxanne smiled and looked at her. “Do you like them? Have one yourself.” 
Hearing that. Madilyn quickly shook her head. “Forget it then. The one I give birth to might not be as 
sensible as Archie and Benny. I just want to steal the ones from you.” 
As Benny continued to massage his mother’s temples, he consoled his godmother, “Aunt Madilyn, 
there’s no need to steal us. If you’re drunk, Archie and I will surely take care of you in this way too!” 
Hearing that, Madilyn wanted to carry the boy up and kiss him. However, the two boys were busy, and 
she could only squeeze out, “You boys are the best! I love you two to death!” 
Roxanne shuddered from the cheesiness. She then took the hangover remedy that Archie gave her 
and slowly sipped on it. 
By the time she was done with the concoction, it was already late at night. 
“All right, I’m fine now. Hurry upstairs to rest.” 
Roxanne kissed the foreheads of her two sons. 
The two boys nodded and bid Madilyn good night before they went up the stairs.
###Chapter 22
Chapter 22
: 
Once the two boys were upstairs, the smile on Roxanne’s face slowly faded. 
Madilyn turned off the television and inched over to ask in concern, “What’s the matter? Something on 
your mind?” 
After a moment of hesitation, Roxanne told Madilyn a lighthearted version of what happened earlier. “I 
met Lucian when I was having dinner just now.” 
There was no one but Madilyn who Roxanne could talk to about what happened six years ago. 
Upon hearing that, Madilyn froze. Then, she whispered, “What kind of fate is tying you both together? 
Horington is such a big city, and I thought the chances of the two of you meeting would be close to zero 
if you’re not actively seeking each other out.” 
Roxanne lowered her eyes, seemingly deep in her thoughts. 
“So, what are you thinking about after meeting him?” Madilyn continued querying. 
The corners of Roxanne’s lip turned down. “What can possibly be on my mind? My relationship with 
him has ended six years ago. We’re nothing but strangers now. I won’t be affected by him anymore. All 
I want to do for the rest of my days is to take care of Archie and Benny and have a good life with them.” 
It seemed like she had thought things through. 
Madilyn sighed in relief before patting her good friend’s shoulders. “That’s good. You’re an excellent 
woman, and there are plenty of people courting you. Take your time to make your pick. Let’s leave that 
douchebag in the past.” 
Roxanne gave her a slight nod, not wanting to continue with the topic. She then said, “By the way, I 
haven’t had the chance to buy a car after coming back here. I had to get rides from my coworkers for 
the welcome party today, and it seems rather inconvenient. Are you free next morning to pick a car with 
me?” 
Madilyn’s attention was shifted to the next topic, but she was confused as to why Roxanne wanted to 
buy a car. “Why do you want to buy a car? I have a few in the garage. Just pick one.” 
Roxanne chuckled as she arched a brow. “Are you really that generous?” 
After sharing a look, Madilyn wrapped her arm around Roxanne’s neck and uttered, “Of course. After 
all, you’re my godsons’ mother! What’s mine is yours!” 
“Thank you, then,” Roxanne said to her. 
The two chatted away for a while longer. When they glanced at the time again, it was already quite late. 
It was then Madilyn reluctantly went back to the house next door. 
After Roxanne washed up, she lay on the bed. However, she could not sleep. 
It took her a long while of tossing and turning before she entered the dreamlands. 
In her dream, she returned to the empty room at The Waterfront. 
In the room. Lucian was pinning her against the wall. He was narrowing his eyes and coming closer 
and closer to her. 
Just as their lips were about to touch, Roxanne jolted awake, completely drenched in sweat. 
After waking from that dream, she could no longer sleep. 
Thus, the next morning, Roxanne had obvious dark eye circles as she sat by her children’s side at the 
dining table while they were having breakfast. 
“Mommy, did you not sleep well last night?” Archie asked in concern as he stared at his mother’s dark 
circles. 
Roxanne tensed up a little as she thought about that dream. A few seconds later, she flashed them a 
leisure smile. “Yes. I lost track of time reading documents last night.” 
Her children were observant individuals, and Roxanne was afraid that they would prod her for more 
information. Hence, she quickly lowered her head and pretended to focus on eating breakfast. 
At that, the two boys exchanged a look but asked nothing else. All they said was, “Don’t tire yourself 
out too much, Mommy. You have to take good care of yourself.” 
Roxanne’s lips curved as she bobbed her head in agreement. 
After breakfast, she brought the boys to Madilyn’s place again. 
“Choose anything you like. Don’t worry about anything.” Madilyn brought them to her garage as she 
held onto the whole bunch of car keys in her hands. 
The boys were young, but they could recognize quite an amount of luxury cars. Therefore, once they 
laid eyes on the cars in the garage, they applauded and cried out, “Aunt Madilyn, you’re amazing!” 
After walking around the garage, Roxanne chose a mid-ranged priced Mercedes-Benz that was worth 
over a million. 
Madilyn gave her the keys without any trace of hesitance. 
Once Roxanne got the car, she drove the two to their kindergarten. 
“Bye, Mommy! Don’t overwork yourself!” the two said to her after they went down from the car. 
Roxanne ruffled their hair. “You too. Be good at school. I’ll come and pick you up at night.” 
The two boys nodded obediently and walked into the kindergarten together. 
Roxanne only left after watching the two disappear from her line of sight. She then started the car and 
slowly drove away from the kindergarten’s gate. 
‘I wo minutes later, a Rolls-Royce rolled up in front of the kindergarten’s entrance. 
Cayden came down from the car before opening the door to the backseat. Then, he carefully carried 
Estella down. 
Once Estella’s feet were on the ground, she turned to wave at her father. 
“Go in now,” Lucian softly said to her as he patted her head. 
Estella nodded in response before turning to leave. 
Suspicion crept into Lucian’s eyes as be watched Estella leave the car. 
Estella seemed much happier than usual. 
Maybe she’s letting down her guard after interacting with the kids in the kindergarten. It seems like the 
psychiatrist was right. Her autistic symptoms will improve if I let her interact more with her peers.
###Chapter 23
Chapter 23
Lucian only took his gaze off Estella after the teacher picked her up. He then said to Cayden, “Let’s 
go.” 
Cayden bobbed his head and drove toward Farwell Group’s office. 
Once Lucian arrived at his destination, he hurriedly went to join the executive meeting. 
By the time the meeting was over, more than an hour had passed. 
Lucian went straight back to his office. 
“Lucian, you’re back.” 
Just as he stepped into the room, he was greeted by Aubree’s voice. 
Hearing her made him knit his brows. 
Then, he saw that Aubree, who was in a black suit, was standing in front of his office desk with a smile. 
It seemed like she had been waiting for a while. 
“When did you come?” 
Lucian strode to the other side of his desk before letting his eyes drift past the documents on the table. 
Finally, he landed his gaze on Aubree’s face. 
Aubree sat down when she saw him sit, the smile on her face never once wavered. “Not long ago. I 
heard from Cayden that you were in a meeting.” 
Just then, she spotted the scab by the corner of Lucian’s lips, and her heart lurched. “Did you… hurt 
your lips?” 
A flash of displeasure danced across Lucian’s eyes at the reminder of the incident the night before, and 
his tone turned colder. “I accidentally bit it. There’s no need for you to freak out over 
it.” 
Aubree nodded with slight hesitance. She consoled herself by telling herself that there were no other 
women around Lucian but her for all those years. Therefore, her suspicion was just paranoia. 
With that thought in mind, she finally felt a little more at ease. 
“So why are you here?” Lucian asked in a flat tone. 
Hearing that, Aubree recomposed herself and smiled again. “I have some work matters. The project 
our families were working on is only missing the last step of signing the contract. So I’ve come to ask if 
there are any other terms. Also, my parents were asking if they can invite you for a meal tonight. Your 
parents will be there too, so I was wondering if you’re free for that.” 
They invited my parents too. Without a doubt, they must want to urge us to hurry up with our wedding 
Lucian glanced at her before muttering icily, “Please tell your parents that I need to meet someone 
tonight, so I won’t be free.” 
The smile on Aubree’s face froze. For a moment, she did not know how to respond to him. 
Indeed, their aim for the dinner was to urge them to quicken their marriage. 
WAS 
It was something that should have been done a few years ago. 
She finally managed to hold out until Roxanne was gone, but Lucian kept delaying the matter with work 
matters. 
After that, he used Estella as an excuse to delay the wedding further. 
By then, six years had already passed. 
SN 
Aubree had been waiting for so long, but the conclusion had yet to come. How could she possibly not 
feel anxious? 
Even now, Lucian was still postponing the matter. 
The corners of Aubree’s lips tilted downward as she looked bitterly at the man in front of her. “Lucian, 
I’ve been waiting for six years. How many six years can a woman have? I don’t mind waiting for you, of 
course, but if it’s fated that the two of us will be together, why do you still not want to do the wedding? 
At the very least, the elders in our families will feel reassured. 
As she spoke, Aubree carefully watched Lucian’s expression. When she noticed that he seemed 
unfazed, she steeled herself and added, “We’ve been planning for the wedding since the start, so 
why…” 
“I did make a promise to wed you,” Lucian coldly interrupted her. “But you, of all people, should know 
why I ended up promising you that.” 
Fear pulsed through Aubree when she registered his expression. 
“I think the Farwell family has made more than enough compensation to the Pearson family throughout 
all these years. As a matter of fact, the compensation made has far exceeded the worth of this 
engagement. Even if we did not proceed with this engagement, no one will say anything about it.” 
Lucian’s voice was neutral the entire time. Evidently, it was a speech he had long prepared. 
When Aubree heard that, she widened her eyes in disbelief as fresh terror reared up within her. 
Clearly, Lucian wanted to break off the engagement.
###Chapter 24
Chapter 24
After Lucian said those words, he looked away from Aubree’s face. 
He had decided to marry Aubree back then to repay the favor her grandfather had done for them. 
That was why he interacted with the Pearson family so closely. That was also why he had agreed to 
marry Aubree when the elders of the families suggested it. 
In fact, for a while, Lucian was sure that Aubree was his first crush. 
That lasted until six years ago when that woman left without saying anything. It was then he realized 
that the feeling he had for Aubree was not love as he initially assumed. 
After that, the elders of both families kept urging him to marry her, but he had found all kinds of 
excuses to delay the wedding. 
In those six years, he had also done everything he could to assist the Pearson family and agreed to all 
kinds of business requests they made to repay them for the kindness back then. 
Now, it seemed like he had done more than enough to repay them for that favor back then. 
At the very least, it was enough for him not to proceed with the wedding. 
“Lucian…” 
Aubree’s voice trembled as she looked at his expressionless face. She wanted to find out if her 
guesses were right. 
Lucian lifted his hand to massage the bridge of his nose. Then, he cut her off, “Put down the file. I’ll 
look at it later. I still have work to do, so if there isn’t anything else, you can leave.” 
Aubree bit her lip and stared at him for a moment. When she realized that he was not going to change 
his mind, her eyes slowly reddened. Still, she forced the upset and sorrow down her throat, put down 
the file, and left. 
Aubree’s mood was grim as she exited the Farwell Group’s office. 
She had been waiting for six years, but Lucian never once gave her a proper answer. Now, he was 
telling her that he was planning to call off the wedding. 
Fortunately, Aubree was certain that there were no other women around Lucian. 
In other words, she still had a chance with him. 
With that thought in mind, Aubree’s grave expression lightened up a little. 
Yes, I still have a chance. The wedding is only unsalvageable if I make Lucian frustrated with me. I 
have to stay calm. 
As Aubree consoled herself, she entered the car. 
“Are you heading back to the company?” 
Her assistant, Charles Lampton, was tentative as he spoke to his employer, for he noticed the look on 
her face. 
Aubree glanced at him. “No, I’ll be having lunch outside. Haven’t we agreed to meet VR Research 
Institute to sign the contract in the afternoon? We’re going back only after signing the contract.” 
Charles nodded. 
At two in the afternoon, Roxanne and Colby departed from the research institute to the destination 
where they had agreed to meet the crude drug supplier. 
On their way there, Roxanne abruptly recalled that she had yet to find out the details about their 
business partner. Thus, she asked Colby, “Can you tell me the details about the crude drug supplier 
that we’re about to sign with?” 
She was the person in charge of the research institute. If she knew nothing about the crude drug 
supplier, the other party might think that she was not serious enough about the deal when they met 
later. In that case, her ignorance might affect their collaboration. 
Knowing what was on Roxanne’s mind, Colby explained in detail, “This crude drug supplier is massive 
in Horington. Their family established itself by running crude drug businesses. Moreover, the prices that 
this crude drug supplier has are reasonable. Furthermore, after they found out that our research 
institute has a certain level of influence in the market abroad, they became interested to work with us. 
They seem sincere, so don’t worry about that.” 
Hearing that, Roxanne inclined her head in understanding. Simultaneously, she breathed out an 
inaudible sigh of relief. “I know the few major crude drug suppliers in Horington. According to your
explanation, the one we’re signing with should be one of them. I wonder which one is the one we’re 
about to meet with.”
###Chapter 25
Chapter 25
Roxanne stiffened immediately. 
The Pearson family? 
As far as she knew, there was only one Pearson family in Horington who was in the crude drug industry 
Coincidentally, that was the family she had some issues with. 
At that though, Roxanne creased her forehead and prayed that she would not be unfortunate enough to 
encounter the one she did not want to meet the most. 
Soon, they arrived at their destination-a café. 
The people from the crude drug supplier had yet to arrive. 
Colby and Roxanne took a seat first. They then ordered two cups of coffee and waited for the other 
party to arrive. 
Dozens of minutes later, someone knocked on the door of the private room. 
Colby straightened up and said to Roxanne, “They’re here.” 
Roxanne gave him a quick nod. Rising to her feet, she then said, “Please come in.” 
Soon, someone pushed the door open, and a male voice traveled into their ears. “Sorry that we’re late.” 
The moment Roxanne lifted her head, she locked eyes with Aubree. 
Instantly, Roxanne sighed in her mind. Speak of the devil. 
Unlike her, Aubree widened her eyes in shock. As she was overwhelmed by surprise, she screeched 
out, “You— Roxanne? Why is it you?” 
Didn’t you disappear a long time ago? Why are you here now? 
Colby and Charles were baffled by Aubree’s response. 
Colby then asked in a curious but friendly tone, “Ms. Pearson, do you know Dr. Jarvis?” 
Aubree’s eyes flitted toward Colby. “Dr. Jarvis?” 
“Roxanne Jarvis is the person in charge of our research institute. When she found out that we’re 
signing a contract with you, she has asked to come along as a sign of our sincerity,” Colby introduced 
However, Aubree’s expression only turned even darker. 
All she wanted to know was when Roxanne had returned. 
It’s Lucian’s first time telling me that he’s thinking of calling off the wedding this morning. Is this 
because of Roxanne? Has he… found out that Roxanne’s back? Have they met each other? 
The more Aubree dwelled on it, the more anxious she became: As she stared at Roxanne, her 
expression darkened and paled. 
On the other hand, Roxanne was much calmer. It was as if it was her first time seeing Aubree. 
She glanced at her and frowned before straightforwardly asking, “Ms. Pearson, are you not planning to 
continue with our collaboration?” 
Hearing her, Aubree swiftly tucked away her emotions and looked at her for a moment. As her 
expression turned icy, the look in her eyes changed into an amused one as well. “Of course I’m 
planning to continue. Dr. Galloway has been working on this contract for such a long time. I won’t let his 
efforts go to waste.” 
With that, she summoned the waiter and ordered another four cups of coffee. 
While they were waiting for the coffee, Aubree’s darkened gaze lingered on Roxanne. 
Despite her unwillingness to admit it, Roxanne had changed a lot after six years. 
in the past, she had a cautious demeanor, but now, all she needed to do was sit there, and anyone 
could feel how intimidating she was. Her looks and presence were overpowering Aubree. 
On the other hand, six years had gone by, and Aubree had never changed. The man she nearly had 
was now getting further and further away from her. 
When she realized that, Aubree’s hands under the table tightened into fists as jealousy coursed 
through her veins. 
“I truly wish to work with your institute, but I don’t think the price we negotiated previously is a suitable 
one. Since Dr. Jarvis is here, I think we can discuss the price again.” 
Even though Aubree had a professional smile on her face, the look in her eyes was a glacial one. 
Upon hearing her, Colby parted his lips, about to speak, but Roxanne stopped him. She calmly asked, 
“Ms. Pearson, what you mean…” 
“I hope we can have an increment of two percent of the original price,” Aubree uttered.
###Chapter 26
Chapter 26
“An increment of two percent?” 
Colby stiffened. “Ms. Pearson, haven’t we come to an agreement the other time? We’re now about to 
sign the contract, so why are you increasing the price all of a sudden;” 
At his shocked response, Aubree folded her legs and replied, “Indeed, we’ve agreed on it, but almost 
everything in the crude drug market has risen in price this year. If we were to sign the contract with the 
price we previously agreed on, we’ll be suffering a loss too great. Dr. Galloway, please forgive us.” 
She made it seem so rational. 
Colby’s expression tensed. Just as he frowned and was about to say something else, Roxanne 
stopped him again. 
“Ms. Pearson, you must want to suddenly raise the price because you saw me. I know the prices in the 
crude drug market well. We can have a negotiation if you want to increase prices, but raising it by two 
percent right here and now is far too unreasonable.” 
Roxanne wanted to be professional, but clearly, Aubree did not. Hence, there was no need for her to 
endure her antics. 
Aubree knitted her brows in displeasure. She then coldly asked, “Regardless of what the reason is, that 
is our current price. If you don’t think that’s suitable, we won’t mind letting this business deal go.” 
Roxanne agreed to it. “In that case, let’s take this as time wasted. A company that doesn’t stick to its 
words isn’t a company we’ll be at ease working with.” 
With that said, Roxanne stood up and said to Colby, “Let’s go.” 
Colby nodded, and the two exited the café. 
“Is there something between you and Aubree?” Colby could not help but ask when they left the place. 
He could sense Aubree’s clear hostility toward Roxanne during their meeting earlier. 
Not wanting to dwell on what happened back then, Roxanne simply said, “In a way.” 
Noticing that she did not want to talk much about the topic, Colby did not prod her for more. Instead, he 
began talking about the crude drug supplier matter. “If we’re not going to work with Pearson Group,
we’ll have to find another crude drug supplier.” 
Roxanne bobbed her head. “Then that’s what we’re going to do. Horington is a big place. I’m sure there 
are other crude drug suppliers who will work with us.” 
“Okay,” Colby answered with a nod. 
He would rather deal with the trouble of looking for a new crude drug supplier than to see 
Roxanne targeted by someone. 
Meanwhile, in the café, once Roxanne was gone, a cold look crept onto Aubree’s face. She ordered 
Charles, “Tell all of the crude drug suppliers in Horington that, if they dare to work with VR Research 
Institute, they’ll be enemies of Pearson Group!” 
Charles did not know what happened between his employer and the doctor carlier, but he could sense 
that his employer was in an exceptionally foul mood after meeting Roxanne. 
A shudder wracked his body upon hearing Aubree’s tone. Without daring to delay any further, he 
replied, “Of course. I’ll work on it right away.” 
With that said, he stood up and left. 
Soon, Aubree was the only one left in the café. 
When she thought about the attitude Lucian had earlier in the morning and the frightening demeanor 
Roxanne had a while ago, Aubree panicked. 
Regardless of whether or not Lucian had rejected her because of Roxanne, it was a fact that Roxanne 
and Lucian were married in the past. Aubree could not be certain what Lucian thought about Roxanne. 
If things continued to be delayed, she dared not imagine what else would happen. 
I can’t wait any longer. 
Meanwhile, at Farwell Group… 
“Mr. Farwell, I’ve found out information about the man Ms. Jarvis was with last night.” 
Cayden entered the room and stood in front of Lucian.
###Chapter 27
Chapter 27
Lucian immediately put away his work and asked worriedly, “Who is he?” Images of Roxanne leaving 
with a stranger last night started flashing before his eyes. 
“The man’s name is Colby, and he’s the person in charge of the VR Research Institute. Previously. Mr. 
Farwell went to him for medical treatment.” 
Cayden instinctively picked up the sudden change of ambiance in the room, and he became extremely 
wary with his words. “Besides, I also found out that Colby is still single. But by the look of things, Ms. 
Jarvis is not in any way related to him. The other possibility is that they knew each other when they 
were studying medicine in the same university.” 
Being made aware of the possibility, Lucian’s facial expression softened. “Besides this, did you manage 
to find out about anything else?” 
Cayden appeared to be in a dilemma. “This is the extent of my investigation. Regarding Ms. Jarvis, we 
only know that she returned to the country recently. As to what she did and where she was overseas, 
we have not been able to find anything at the moment.” 
Lucian furrowed his brows, displeased by the answer. However, knowing that it would be futile to pry 
further, he decided to change the topic of the conversation. “How is Old Mr. Queen now?” 
Cayden was about to apologize for his incompetence but heaved a sigh of relief when Lucian started 
asking about Old Mr. Queen. “It doesn’t look good for him. They’ve consulted all the famous doctors 
from inside and outside of the country, but they were helpless.” 
Lucian nodded slightly. “Reschedule my agenda planned for tomorrow night. I want to pay a visit to Old 
Mr. Queen.” 
“Understood,” replied Cayden. 
Cayden, upon being certain that there were no further instructions, left after waiting for a while. 
When they just arrived at the research institute, Roxanne and Colby sprang into action and hurriedly 
contacted all the medical ingredient suppliers in Horington. 
Due to the lack of supplies, many projects in the research institute had to be held in abeyance. If this
were to continue, the losses would spiral out of control. 
Hence, time was of the essence for them to collaborate with a medical ingredient supplier. 
Before this, Colby tried contacting the suppliers in Horington, but his proposal was rejected instantly. 
However, since they ran out of options, they were forced to test their luck once again. 
“VR Research Institute? I thought we had this conversation before? Your asking price is too low! We 
are not interested to collaborate with you!”. 
Just as Roxanne mentioned the name of the research institute, the rejection from the other end of the 
phone call was instantaneous. 
Roxanne gritted her teeth. “We can increase the price from our original offer. What about an 
increase of half a decimal point? Let’s try to work out a feasible plan, and there’s always room for 
negotiations-” 
The person interiected and said, “It’s still too low. We need to increase at least 3 decimal points, or else 
there’s no room for negotiation.” 
Hearing such bold demand, Roxanne hung up promptly. 
Meanwhile, Colby’s expression didn’t look pleasant either. 
“I’m so sorry, Dr. Galloway. All of our supplies have been booked by someone else. We do not have 
any extra at the moment. 
The answer was obviously an excuse, which indicated the other person’s unwillingness to collaborate. 
Colby simply responded, “All right, I understand.” 
He then hung up the phone after that. 
After an entire day of cold-calling, there was no positive news even until the next afternoon. 
Though the suppliers responded differently, some courteous and the others impatient, the conclusion 
that resulted from the phone calls was that none of the suppliers were willing to collaborate. 
Even worse, one of the suppliers made it expressly clear to Roxanne that they would never collaborate 
with the VR Research Institute. But the reason for that was not disclosed. 
It was clear as daylight that they were sabotaged by someone in the dark. 
As such, the culprit could be none other than Aubree.
###Chapter 28
Chapter 28
Roxanne couldn’t help but feel irritated. Ultimately, she was being sabotaged and the projects in the 
research institute could not proceed because of this. 
She never expected that Aubree’s vengeance toward her persisted even after 6 years. Even worse. 
Aubree resorted to such atrocious tactics to get back at her! 
However, it was not the time for her to be bothered by emotions. 
Roxanne clenched her fists in an attempt to calm herself down. She then looked toward Colby and 
said, “It’s okay. If Horington is not the solution to our problem, then we can try other cities. Surely, 
someone must be willing to collaborate with us.” 
Be that as it may, it also meant that the costs and time needed to achieve it would be higher. 
While Roxanne did not mention it, she was very much aware of the consequences. 
She too hoped to find a suitable partner in Horington. However, the prospect of doing so seemed quite 
bleak. 
“No, there’s no need to head to other cities,” Colby uttered. 
He appeared to have thought of something, and his tone relaxed. 
Roxanne arched a brow. “Are you saying that there’s someone in Horington that is willing to collaborate 
with us? The small suppliers are definitely out of the picture, and we need someone with larger 
operations…” 
Colby nodded. “I know. However, this might require you to personally attend to it.” 
Roxanne was perplexed. 
Colby then said, “I heard it from you actually. But first things first, have you heard of the Queen family?” 
Colby continued, “The Queen family supplies medicine and built an empire out of it. The Queen family 
is a prominent family in Horington, and Old Mr. Queen has a good reputation in the community. 
However, his health has been deteriorating lately. Because of this, the Queen family has been looking 
for doctors to cure him, but to no avail. They invited me to try out, but I couldn’t do much. However, you 
might stand a chance in this.” 
“Is that so?” Roxanne replied. 
She understood what he meant but was nevertheless hesitant. “The Queen family are in the big 
leagues. When it comes to the pricing, it will not necessarily be lower than what we are being offered 
right now.” 
Colby replied, “Before this, the Oueen family offered expensive medicines as a reward for whoever can 
cure Old Mr. Queen of his condition. In the future, they can also come up with an arrangement to 
supply medicine at half the price!” . 
Roxanne’s eve’s glistened with hope and she felt the boulder being lifted off her shoulders. “Why didn’t 
you say this earlier? That’s a great thing!” 
Colby beamed. “I thought about it, but admittedly I’m not good enough. Besides, you were not bere 
back then. Hence, I gave up and never thought about it until now. Perhaps you can give it a try. What 
do you think?” 
“Of course! Not a problem at all!” 
Roxanne confidently stood up to urge him. “Please help me contact the Queen family and help me 
make an appointment with them.” 
Looking at Roxanne’s passion for matters that concerned the research institute, Colby’s heart surged 
with a sense of relief. He smiled and said, “I’ll do that now. Wait for me here.” 
Then, he exited the office and pulled out his phone. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne sat quietly in the office and waited. 
Irrespective of how complex the treatment would be, Roxanne was determined to cure old Mr. Queen. 
Soon after, Colby returned. 
“How did it go?” Roxanne eagerly asked. 
Colby nodded. “We still have a chance. the Queen family has yet to find a doctor that can cure Old Mr. 
Queen’s condition. Knowing that I have someone to recommend, they agreed to let you visit without 
any hesitation.” 
“When are we heading there?” Roxanne continued asking. 
“Tonight,” replied Colby. 
Roxanne agreed immediately. 
The timing was perfect, as she too wanted to go there as soon as possible. 
“I need your help. Please let me know all the symptoms that Old Mr. Queen has. I will need to make the 
necessary preparations.” Roxanne became serious the moment she spoke about medicine. 
Colby obliged.
###Chapter 29
Chapter 29
Alfred’s condition was quite complicated. It was why the famous doctors weren’t sure what to do. 
Just describing his illness alone took Colby a long while to finish. 
At six in the evening, after Roxanne got off work, she went to the Queen residence alone according to 
the address given to her by Colby. 
The person who opened the door was a middle-aged man dressed in a butler’s outfit. 
He looked at Roxanne and politely asked, “Greetings. May I ask who are you?” 
Roxanne smiled. “Hello, I’m the doctor who’s here to treat Old Mr. Queen. I called during the 
afternoon,” 
The butler scrutinized her suspiciously because she looked pretty young. 
Is someone as young as her that capable? 
Still, he didn’t show his doubts on his face. After two seconds, he invited, “Since you’re a doctor, please 
follow me inside.” 
He turned and guided Roxanne in. 
She didn’t mind that he doubted her. 
One of her principles was that before she treated a patient, she would accept any form of distrust. 
She followed the butler into the courtyard. The structure and decor of the courtyard looked elegant. 
It clearly showed the Queen family was a family that cared a lot about appearances. 
After they entered the mansion, the butler gestured for her to take a seat on the couch. “A visitor came 
by earlier, and Mr. Queen is accompanying them to meet Old Mr. Queen. I’ll let them know you’ve 
arrived. Please wait here.” 
Roxanne nodded. “All right.” 
She then sat on the couch. 
Soon after, a housekeeper served coffee to her. 
A few minutes passed, and she heard footsteps descending the stairs. She put her cup down and 
turned to the staircase. 
A young couple strolled down the stairs. 
At first glance, both of them looked quite familiar. The man was handsome, and the woman was 
beautiful. It was likely they were a pair of siblings. 
As they walked, they were speaking to someone behind them. 
It must be the visitor the butler mentioned earlier. 
Roxanne’s line of sight followed them until she could see the visitor. 
It was a tall, handsome man. In his embrace was a child. He was currently talking to the siblings in front 
of him with a relaxed expression. 
The man slowly turned his sight toward her, as though he noticed she was staring. 
Her heart thumped uncontrollably when their eyes met. 
Lucian! I didn’t expect to see him here! 
Memories of what happened that night rushed into her mind. 
Roxanne’s eyes trembled as she almost couldn’t bear to look straight at him. She only calmed down 
after clenching her fists forcefully. 
Upon taking in a deep breath, she pretended as though nothing happened and stared at the siblings. 
On the stairs, Lucian paused and narrowed his eyes at the woman sitting on the couch. His gaze was 
fixed on her face as though he was trying to confirm something. 
When she looked away, his gaze darkened. 
It really is Roxanne! I thought she was someone else. Why is she here? 
He was a little puzzled, but he didn’t show it on his face. 
“What’s wrong, Lucian?” The man in front of him turned back to ask when he stopped moving. 
Lucian looked away upon hearing that and answered emotionlessly, “It’s nothing. Let’s go.” 
The man in front nodded puzzledly as the trio continued to descend the stairs.
###Chapter 30
Chapter 30
Soon, the trio arrived in front of Roxanne. 
In Lucian’s arms, Estella stared at the beautiful lady in front of her. A rare expression of joy appeared 
on her face. 
Roxanne wasn’t sure how to react to being stared at by the father and daughter duo. 
Thankfully, the man in front of Lucian spoke first to break the silence. “Are you the doctor 
recommended by Dr. Galloway to treat Old Mr. Queen?” 
Roxanne adjusted her expression and smiled. “Yes. My name’s Roxanne Jarvis.” 
“Dr. Jarvis.” The man stretched his hand out. “I’m Jonathan Queen. This here is my sister, Frieda 
Queen.” 
When he finished, he turned to Lucian. “This is… Well, we regard him as our elder brother. His last 
name is Farwell.” 
Roxanne tried to nod calmly and greeted, “Mr. Queen, Ms. Queen, Mr. Farwell.” 
The moment she finished speaking, Lucian’s crisp and meaningful chuckle rang out. There was a 
mocking tone in the laughter. 
Roxanne lowered her head to hide the emotions in her eyes. 
Frieda studied her briefly before furrowing her eyebrows. She questioned, “You’re the one who said 
you can treat my grandpa’s condition, right? You look about as young as us, though. I doubt you have 
been working as a doctor for long. Are you sure you can do it?” 
Her attitude mirrored the one the butler had earlier. 
However, since it came from the patient’s family member, Roxanne didn’t mind her doubt. 
Before she could explain, Jonathan smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry. My grandpa’s condition has been 
getting quite serious. We’ve hired all sorts of famous doctors in and out of the country, yet none of them 
could do anything. Our sister is simply worried that our grandfather will suffer – even further. After all, a 
lot of doctors had given us false hope. It has happened enough times that we can’t help but be 
cautious. I hope you don’t mind, Dr. Jarvis.” 
He then shot a glare at Frieda. “Dr. Jarvis is here to treat Grandpa. How can you be so rude toward 
her? Apologize to her right now.” 
Frieda unwillingly looked away and muttered in a small voice, “I’m sorry.” 
Roxanne didn’t mind that at all. When she heard the apology, she smiled. 
“It’s fine. After all, you two are his family members. I understand that you have concerns. However, I 
assure you I’m capable. I may be young and, I might not look like a doctor with years of experience 
under my belt, but I’ve researched many complicated diseases abroad. My experience isn’t as plenty 
as doctors who had been in the profession for decades, but I’m 
confident in my abilities.” 
When she finished, she pulled out a document from her bag and handed it to Jonathan. “This contains 
my achievements over the years. You can take a look jourself before deciding if I’m qualified to treat 
Old Mr. Queen.” 
Jonathan didn’t expect she would be that prepared. 
When he reprimanded Frieda earlier, he himself didn’t trust Roxanne that much either. 
However, after seeing how confident she appeared and spoke, it was enough to convince him that she 
was capable even without looking at her credentials. 
Still, his responsibility for taking care of Alfred and curiosity about Roxanne compelled him to grab the 
documents to take a look. 
Before he could touch the document, a chiseled hand suddenly reached out and snatched the 
document away.
###Chapter 31
Chapter 31
Everyone present was taken aback. 
As Roxanne stared at the big hand grabbing her credentials, she panicked. 
Ever since she saw Lucian, she had been trying to avoid looking at him at all. 
Since he had suddenly taken away her credentials, she had no choice but to focus on him. 
I wonder what he’s trying to do. 
Lucian held the document and glanced at Roxanne before commenting, “A lot of people nowadays will 
fake their credentials to make themselves look better. Old Mr. Queen’s condition is already in a critical 
stage, so you two mustn’t let people like that fool you.” 
As he spoke, he casually flipped through the credentials and read them extremely slowly. It looked as 
though he was really trying to discern if it was fake or not. 
All details about her life, including the school she went to and the place she was working at, was 
absorbed by his eyes. 
The life she had lived over the past years started to take form in his mind. 
As she said, her achievements during her time abroad were quite impressive. Each of those credentials 
was so excellent that it would make people widen their eyes. 
Roxanne stared anxiously at him reading through her credentials. 
She saw that the more Lucian read, the more obvious the hint of mockery at the corners of his lips. 
Since she had no idea what he was thinking, all she could do was wring her fingers tightly and hope for 
the best. 
After a long while, Lucian slowly closed the cover of her credentials. 
At that moment, her body tensed up. 
“This looks… real enough.” He coldly swept his gaze past her and suggested, “However, I think you 
better double check her info on the internet, Jonathan. It’s best to make sure if she really is who she 
claims to be. After all, these credentials could be bought.” 
Roxanne couldn’t hold back anymore. 
He’s messing with me on purpose and trying to make them doubt my medical skills! 
On a normal day, she might have been able to tolerate it. However, because this had to do with the 
research institute, she had to obtain the chance to treat Alfred. 
Thinking of this, she stared at him seriously and answered coldly, “Yes, those can be bought, but you 
can’t buy medical skills! If I’m not capable, then you’ll know when I treat Old Mr. Queen, Mr. 
Farwell.” 
Things were getting pretty tense between them. It was as though a conflict was brewing. 
Jonathan found the situation quite odd. 
Do they know each other? They have to, right? Why else would he say things like that to her? 
“Do you two know each other?” Frieda asked. 
Roxanne didn’t hesitate at all before denying it. “Nope! How can I possibly know someone as mighty as 
Mr. Farwell?” 
Then she turned to Jonathan. “I’m here to treat Old Mr. Queen, Mr. Queen. If you don’t mind, will you 
let me take a look at him?” 
She was trying to avoid interacting with Lucian directly. 
Her change of topic was so sudden that Jonathan’s reaction couldn’t catch up with it. 
Roxanne’s expression turned even more serious. “I am a doctor, and I’m just here to understand Old 
Mr. Queen’s condition. Even if I can’t treat him, he won’t get hurt. Please let me take a look at him. If I 
can treat him, then he’ll have a chance to survive. If not, I’ll leave right away and wont disturb you any 
longer!”
###Chapter 32
Chapter 32
Jonathan was somewhat moved by Roxanne’s determination, but he still turned to see what Lucian 
thought. 
Lucian was merely staring at her coldly and silently. 
Upon seeing that, Jonathan nodded at her. “Then I’ll take you to my grandfather. Please follow 
me.” 
She secretly let out a sigh of relief and tried her best to ignore Lucian’s gaze. She passed by his side 
as she followed Jonathan. 
Frieda was still worried after seeing her brother bringing the young doctor upstairs, so she followed 
them too. 
The three of them soon vanished at the corner of the stairs. 
When Estella saw Roxanne leaving, she pulled her father’s collar to gesture for him to follow the 
woman. 
Lucian looked away from the staircase and stared at the child in his arms. His lips twitched before he 
headed upstairs too. 
Roxanne almost had a heart attack when she saw him suddenly appearing as she arrived at Alfred’s 
room. 
“We’ve arrived,” Jonathan announced. 
She quickly forced herself to calm down and followed him into the room 
Upon entering the room, a strong smell of medicine rushed into her nose. 
She swept a glance across the room and saw a big bed sitting in the middle of it. Standing next to the 
bed were a couple of people in white outfits. It would appear that they were the medical team specially 
prepared for Alfred. 
The room was likely a dedicated medical room to treat the old man. 
Just as the rumors suggested, the Queen family cared a lot about Alfred’s condition. 
Jonathan brought her straight to Alfred’s bed. “Dr. Jarvis, if you will.” 
Roxanne lowered her head and examined the patient on the bed. 
Alfred looked pretty weak on the bed. He was so thin that he was almost just bones, and his cheeks 
were sunken. If he wasn’t lying down in a medical room, people would’ve thought he was a corpse. 
The look in Roxanne’s eyes turned stern as her eyebrows furrowed tightly. 
His condition is as severe as Colby described. 
She examined him without delay. First, she held the old man’s wrist to check his pulse. 
Jonathan was taken aback when he saw that. 
If she’s doing that, it means she practices traditional medicine. It’s hard to believe she’s using such a 
simple diagnostic method on him. 
The Queen family had hired medical practitioners of all kinds to treat Alfred’s condition, so he had 
personally seen different medical techniques being applied to Alfred. 
That was the reason he was shocked by Roxanne’s action. It was a very simple technique to diagnose 
Alfred’s condition. Still, he didn’t say anything. 
She sat next to the bed, holding Alfred’s wrist. Her eyes were lowered as she focused entirely on the 
activities of his pulse. 
The more she observed his pulse, the more she was shocked. 
She thought his condition was severe enough when Colby described it. 
However, Alfred’s actual condition turned out to be even worse. 
During her diagnosis, she noticed Alfred’s breathing was so weak that any breath could be his last. 
After a while, Roxanne let go of the old man’s hand with a heavy expression and approached Jonathan 
“What’s the result, Dr. Jarvis? How’s my grandpa’s condition? Can you treat him?” 
Hope glimmered in Jonathan’s eyes. 
However, Roxanne furrowed her eyebrows and questioned, “Why wasn’t Old Mr. Queen sent to the 
hospital, even though he’s in such a critical condition? Why is he being kept inside the house even 
though he’s on the verge of dying?”
###Chapter 33
Chapter 33
The expression on the Queen siblings’ faces instantly changed. 
“What are you saying?” Frieda glared at Roxanne furiously. “Can yoù treat him or not? If you can’t, then 
just say so! Don’t curse my grandpa like that!” 
Roxanne stared at her coldly. “I’m already putting things very mildly. After the delay and not getting his 
treatment in time, your grandfather is suffering malfunctions in many of his organs. His immune system 
is rapidly deteriorating. Normally, cases like this require the patient’s body to be taken care of in a 
timely, healthy manner. However, the medical team you hired didn’t care about the patient’s health 
condition and just pumped his body full of drugs! This isn’t treating his condition; it’s killing him even 
quicker!” 
The leader of the medical team was pretty unhappy at the accusation. He approached them and 
justified his actions in front of Roxanne. “If you don’t understand the situation, then don’t spit out 
nonsensical judgments, miss. Old Mr. Queen’s condition was getting pretty serious. If we hadn’t given 
him the medicine in time back then, he wouldn’t have survived! Please don’t question our 
professionalism. Besides, we’re hired by Ms. Pearson. Why would we hurt him?” 
Roxanne instantly caught the name of his employer. 
Ms. Pearson? Does he mean Aubree? I can’t believe she hired this medical team. Where the hell did 
she find this team of buffoons? Not only do they suck, but they’re also arrogantly confident. Heh, does 
he think I’ll be afraid just because she’s the one who hired them? 
Roxanne’s expression was getting pretty cold as she retorted, “Professionalism? Forgive me for being 
candid, but I cannot see a shred of professionalism in this team! If you have even the tiniest bit of 
professionalism, the patient’s condition wouldn’t have become this severe!” The doctor was stumped. 
When he thought about how sick Alfred looked at that moment, his eyebrows furrowed tightly. No 
words came out of his mouth. 
When she saw how the doctor was getting lambasted, Frieda’s expression changed as she stepped 
forward. “Since you’re acting so high-and-mighty, does this mean you’re certain you can cure my
grandpa? If not, stop wasting time and talking nonsense here. Aubree had introduced many good 
doctors over the years to help treat my grandfather. Lucian is doing the same as well. But now you’re 
saying their years of hard work amounts to nothing?” 
Roxanne furrowed her eyebrows and glanced at Lucian’s emotionless face. She then looked away and 
replied resolutely, “I’m simply speaking the truth. It’s not my place to say if their hard work has gone to 
waste. I just think everyone should know about the truth.” 
“You!” Frieda didn’t expect her to be that sharp-tongued. 
Seeing how a fight was about to erupt, Jonathan glared at his sister. 
Frieda unwillingly shut up upon meeting his eyes. 
He spoke sincerely after reprimanding his sister. 
“I apologize on my behalf for my sister. However, right now, I don’t care about how the treatment 
was handled before. I just want to know if you’re confident that you can treat my grandfather’s 
condition. If you do, then please hurry. As you said, my grandpa’s condition is so severe that we can’t 
afford any delays anymore.” 
Frieda spat out sarcastically as well, “Yeah, aren’t you so good? Quickly treat our grandfather. then. I 
want to see how capable you are.” 
Roxanne ignored her attempt at provocation and returned to the bed. “I’m going to treat him now. 
Please help me take off Old Mr. Queen’s clothing.”
###Chapter 34
When they heard that, they were shocked.
They had met many famous doctors who attempted to treat Alfred, yet that was the first time they heard someone asking them to take off Alfred’s clothes.
Jonathan was the first to react as he asked cautiously, “Is it necessary?”
Roxanne glanced at him weirdly. “I’m about to treat Old Mr. Queen, and his shirt will prevent me from treating him more easily. Can someone help? Please do it quickly.”
Everyone in the room, including the medical team, exchanged looks with each other.
They had no idea why it was necessary to take the patient’s shirt off for the treatment.
Jonathan hesitated before gritting his teeth and stepping forward. 
Seeing that her brother had relented, Frieda was panicking, “What kind of treatment is this? Why?"
Before she could finish, she saw Roxanne pulling out a quaint wooden box from her medical kit. There was a scroll-like item inside.
After she unrolled it, hundreds of big and small silver needles could be seen arranged neatly inside.
Frieda was shocked by what she saw and swallowed her words.
Roxanne focused on taking out the needles she needed before disinfecting them with alcohol. She didn’t at all pay attention to what Frieda was saying.
In front of her, Jonathan was pulling Alfred toward himself with great difficulty. One of his hands was stabilizing the old man’s body while the other was taking off the shirt.
Since Alfred was completely unconscious at that moment, he wasn’t going to cooperate.
It made Jonathan’s actions even more difficult.
Lucian stared at Roxanne’s actions as the look in his eyes darkened.
When he saw how much Jonathan was struggling, he put Estella on the ground and ordered, “I’ll be helping Jonathan out. Stay here and don’t move, okay?”
She nodded obediently as she watched her father walk through the crowd and stood next to the bed.
He then silently helped Jonathan remove Alfred’s shirt.
“Thanks, Lucian.”
Jonathan stared at him gratefully.
Lucian nodded silently,
When Roxanne noticed Lucian was there, her eyelashes quivered, though she quickly returned to her calm self as she focused on the needles.
###Chapter 35
Chapter 35
Before Roxanne could react to the situation, Lucian supported her by the waist and stabilized her body. 
When she raised her head, she saw his dark eyes. 
As their gazes met, Roxanne’s body stiffened. Then she quickly looked away before standing back up 
by propping her hand on the bed and supporting herself. 
He had grabbed her subconsciously when she fell. However, when he saw her avoiding him like the 
plague, the look in his eyes darkened. And so, he quickly withdrew the hand from her waist. 
“How dare you say you researched complicated diseases before! Is this the result of your research? I 
think those credentials of yours were bought!” Frieda didn’t notice what was going on between the two 
of them and was still angry at Roxanne. 
She stared at Jonathan furiously. “I think she’s a liar, Jonathan! We need to kick her out right now!” 
When Roxanne heard that, she quickly snapped back to her senses and mocked, “No wonder Old Mr. 
Queen’s condition became so severe. It seems like someone’s been interfering with his treatment. 
Since you insist I’m wrong, I’m leaving right now.” 
She then started to put the needles back into her bag. 
No one expected she would back off so easily after she displayed a steeled determination to treat 
Alfred earlier. 
Jonathan was stunned for a few seconds before snapping out of his daze and apologizing, “I’m really 
sorry, Dr. Jarvis. To be honest, our family consists of many doctors, so we know a little bit about 
acupuncture. My sister is angry probably because she thinks it’s dangerous for you to jab a needle at 
that acupuncture point and is worried about our grandpa. Please forgive her.” 
Roxanne ignored him and continued to pack her things. “I don’t need to stay here and get scolded by 
someone who doesn’t know what I’m doing. I came here because I genuinely wanted to help Old Mr. 
Queen, but since Ms. Queen doesn’t believe me, forget about it!” 
The moment she finished speaking, she picked up her medical kit and headed to the door. 
In a panic, Jonathan carefully put Alfred down before chasing after her. “We can talk things out, Dr.
Jarvis. My sister did go too far with her words, so I’ll ask her to apologize to you right now. Please 
continue your treatment on my grandfather.” 
“There’s no need for that. I can’t accept Ms. Queen’s apology.” Roxanne’s tone was cold. 
Lucian’s eyebrows were furrowed tightly as he stood at the side of the bed, staring at the back of her 
figure with a heavy expression. 
He could tell she was really angry. 
On the side, Estella was also able to tell Roxanne was angry. Panic filled her eyes. 
I didn’t even get the chance to say hello to Ms. Jarvis yet, but now she’s leaving because she got 
angry… 
Thinking of that. Estella got angry as well. To express her fury, she walked over to Frieda, wrote a word 
in her notebook, and then showed it to Frieda. 
Many people’s attention was shifted to her sudden appearance and the word written in her book. which 
was “Apologize!” 
Estella stared at Frieda with wide eyes. 
Frieda was too embarrassed to back down then. Her line of sight casually shifted away from the 
notebook, and she pretended to not see Estella. Then she turned to her brother. “If it doesn’t work out, 
we can just find another doctor. I really can’t trust this person.” 
When she saw how Frieda was still acting stubbornly, Roxanne’s expression turned colder as she 
mocked, “Then I hope you can find a doctor you like before Old Mr. Queen takes his last breath, Ms. 
Queen.” 
She turned around and stepped out. 
The moment she did that, however, someone grabbed her wrist. 
Her eyebrows furrowed as she turned back unhappily to see who it was. 
Lucian’s expressionless, handsome face appeared in front of her. 
Shock filled her heart. 
What is he… What is the meaning of this?
###Chapter 36
Chapter 36
Lucian glanced at Roxanne and turned her around by pulling her wrist. Then he stared at Frieda coldly. 
“Apologize.” 
Frieda was flabbergasted when she heard that. “W-What did you say, Lucian?” 
Lucian looked at her loftily, radiating an intimidating aura. “Old Mr. Queen’s condition is extremely 
severe right now. If there anyone could save him, that person would’ve shown up by now since you’d 
invited every famous doctor from inside and outside of the country. But no, that person has never 
shown up.” 
Stunned by his fierce aura, Frieda lowered her head in a panic. 
“This…” Lucian paused, glanced at Roxanne, and continued, “Ms. Jarvis has no relation to the Queen 
family. She’s only here to treat Old Mr. Queen. It’s fine if you don’t believe her, but there’s no reason for 
you to hurt her. Did the Queen family teach you manners like this? Apologize to her now!” 
Jonathan was a little shocked too as he stared at Lucian in disbelief. 
I can’t believe it. Lucian is defending a stranger he doesn’t know? He’s not wrong, though. After all, 
Frieda had been trying to chase Dr. Jarvis away and even hit her. Why is she acting so rashly today? 
Since Lucian had lectured Frieda, Jonathan also added, “Lucian’s right, Frieda. Apologize to Dr. Jarvis 
immediately! As worried as you may be, you shouldn’t have treated her like that! You’re too 
rash!” 
Frieda gritted her teeth and stared at everyone. 
Lucian’s protecting that woman behind him and making me apologize. Not only that, my brother’s 
defending her, too. Even Essie is demanding I apologize! There’s no other way out for me! 
She hesitated for a long while before lowering her head unwillingly. “I’m sorry, Dr. Jarvis. I was acting 
too rashly. My apologies. I shouldn’t have hit you.” 
Her tone was very rigid and insincere. 
Roxanne didn’t want to care about what was going on, but at the same time, she was staring at Lucian 
absentmindedly. 
What is he thinking? Why is he helping me again? Before I started the treatment, he was the one who 
was trying to stop me from advancing. But when I was treating Old Mr. Queen, he helped out, and now 
he’s even defending me. His intentions are so unclear… 
“Frieda has admitted her mistake, but I don’t expect you to forgive her that quickly, Dr. Jarvis. However, 
as you said, my grandpa’s condition is worsening. Can you please treat him first. We can discuss how 
we can make up for my sister’s misdeed in the future.” 
Jonathan’s voice rang in her ears. 
Roxanne was still pretty upset, but when she thought about the research institute, she suppressed her 
displeasure. 
Besides, Jonathan was right. Alfred did need a doctor quickly, and he was innocent. 
When she thought about that, she calmed down and swept her gaze past the crowd in the room before 
ordering coldly, “I hope unrelated persons will leave this room before I restart my treatment.” 
Frieda was about to say she was family before Roxanne added, “That includes Ms. Queen.” 
Frieda’s expression darkened, but Jonathan agreed and asked everyone else to leave. 
The only people left were Jonathan, Lucian, and a clingy Estella. Roxanne sat next to the bed and 
prepared her treatment.
###Chapter 37
Chapter 37
With no one disturbing her, Roxanne’s treatment went much more smoothly. 
After a while, a dozen of silver needles were poked onto Alfred’s chest. 
Throughout the entire process, Roxanne focused all her attention on treating him calmly and steadily 
In fact, she was so focused that she didn’t realize Lucian was staring at her the whole time. 
When they were downstairs, he had already read through her credentials. It was absolutely flawless. 
That was enough for him to imagine how exciting her life had been for the past six years. 
However, it was his first time seeing this side of her. 
When she was doing her job, she was absolutely focused and didn’t reflect any hesitation in her 
movements. 
It was something Lucian had never seen in Roxanne before. 
An indescribable feeling surfaced in his heart when he saw that. 
At the side, Jonathan had been observing her poking the needles on his grandfather and her 
expression as she was doing so. 
After a dozen needles were poked onto Alfred’s body, he joyously found out that perhaps she would be 
able to save Alfred. 
Like everyone else, he thought it was ridiculous when she stabbed her first silver needle. 
However, recalling her expression as she was doing so, he somehow felt as though he could trust her. 
So, he insisted that she stayed. 
The more he watched her administer the needles skillfully and composedly, the more he was certain 
she was capable of treating his grandfather. 
He also noticed that the spots she stabbed with the needles were very dangerous acupuncture points. 
If she made even the tiniest mistake, not only would her effort be for nothing, but Alfred might also lose 
his life. 
It was his belief that Roxanne wouldn’t risk Alfred’s life unless she was confident. 
It looks like her research on acupuncture and acupuncture points had indeed reached the level of a
master’s! 
Thinking of that, Jonathan felt joyful and respected her from the bottom of his heart. 
Even though she looks younger than me, she’s already much more capable than I am. Indeed, 
one shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. 
The room remained silent for nearly twenty minutes before Roxanne stabbed one last needle onto 
Alfred. Her expression relaxed as she lifted her sweaty forehead. “All right, that will be enough. He’ll be 
much better after I remove the necdles an hour later.” 
She glanced at the two men beside the bed. 
Jonathan let out a long sigh of relief and carefully approached Alfred. Then he asked, “When will he 
wake up?” 
“He should wake up when I remove the needles.” 
Roxanne stood up and attempted to grab tissue papers to wipe her forehead. 
Just as she was about to do that, someone tugged the hem of her shirt. 
She paused and lowered her head in confusion. That was when she met up with Estella’s sparkling 
eyes. 
Even though she knew it was a child Lucian had with another woman, she still couldn’t steel her heart 
in front of such an angelic and cute face. 
Seeing how she was looking at her, Estella pulled out a neatly folded handkerchief and stood on her 
toes. Then she handed the handkerchief to Roxanne with anticipation in her eyes. 
Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds before smiling, “Thank you.” 
Sec 
Then she accepted the handkerchief and wiped her forehead with it. 
acc 
Estella smiled brightly and left to pour her a cup of water. 
Lucian stared silently at how Estella was walking around excitedly. 
His eyes turned dark. 
This is the first time she’s taking the initiative to get closer to someone. Although… I suppose it’s only
natural, considering their relationship. 
Jonathan didn’t know that, so he was surprised. “Looks like Essie likes you, Dr. Jarvis! It’s my first time 
seeing her being willing to get close to another person!”
###Chapter 38
Chapter 38
Roxanne was slightly stunned before she turned to Lucian with a worried expression 
She hadn’t been honest with him the incident when Estella was lost back then. 
I doubt I can hide it from him, though: 
And so, she hesitantly explained, “It’s probably because I found her when she got lost last time.” 
Jonathan didn’t know that happened. His line of sight shifted between Estella and Roxanne. “I guess 
you two are destined to meet each other, then.” 
Destined? 
Roxanne thought about Estella’s identity and pursed her lip self-deprecatingly before replying plainly, “I 
suppose so.” 
Jonathan didn’t notice anything strange about her, so he stood up and suggested, “Since my grandpa 
still needs an hour, we should wait downstairs and drink some water. Thanks for your help, Dr. Jarvis.” 
Roxanne secretly sigh with relief when he changed the topic and quickly agreed to his suggestion. 
Lucian walked away from his side of the bed, responding to the invitation through his actions. When he 
tried to hug Estella, the girl wasn’t at all interested. 
After Estella handed the handkerchief to Roxanne, she had been staying at the latter’s side. Upon 
hearing that they were heading downstairs, she immediately reached her hand out and grabbed 
Roxanne’s hand, much like how they did it last time. 
Right before her hand touched Roxanne’s, a phone rang. 
Roxanne promptly turned around to take the phone in her bag, and her fingertips brushed past the little 
girl’s. 
It wasn’t easy for Estella to build up the courage to hold Roxanne’s hand, yet she failed at the last 
second. She blinked slowly as disappointment colored her expression, and she started fiddling with her 
fingers. 
Lucian saw how they almost held each other’s hand. His eyes darkened in response. 
Roxanne picked up the phone and saw it was a call from Madilyn. 
Vas 
She handed her kids to Madilyn tonight because of her appointment at the Queen residence. 
So, when she saw the call, she thought something happened to the children and speedily answered. 
As her finger swiped across the screen, she accidentally pressed the speaker icon. 
“Hello?” Roxanne spoke without noticing her mistake. 
In the next second, she heard two cute voices ringing through the air. “When are you coming back, 
Mommy?” 
It shocked her and she quickly turned off the speaker mode.. 
The children’s voices vanished in an instant. 
Despite that, she could feel her heart beating like crazy. She worriedly and subconsciously shot a side 
glance at Lucian. 
Her first reaction was that she was afraid he would learn of her children’s existence. 
Lucian’s face was currently as dark as the sky before a thunderstorm. There was an icy look in his 
eyes. 
I heard the voices coming from the phone. It was a boy’s voice calling her “Mommy.” Did she get 
married again? 
When he realized that, rage flooded into his mind and heart. 
He gritted his teeth and forced himself to calm down. 
That was the only way he could resist the urge to pin her to the wall and question her. 
Jonathan didn’t detect anything wrong between the both of them and smiled. “Are you married, Dr. 
Jarvis?” 
Roxanne’s mind was in so much chaos that she just nodded. 
When Jonathan saw that, he smiled. “I couldn’t tell you already have kids.” 
Say 
She apologized, “I’m sorry. Please excuse me while I take a call.” 
Then she headed out of the room without another glance at Lucian.
###Chapter 39
Chapter 39
When Roxanne walked out of the room, she lowered her voice and spoke to the children. “I’m still 
treating a patient right now, so I’ll be back much later. Go play with Aunt Madilyn first.” 
The children were used to her returning home late, so they agreed. 
Concurrently, inside the room, Lucian’s expression was so cold that it was reaching the freezing point. 
Rage was boiling in his heart. 
Estella’s attempt to reach Roxanne’s hand and the “Mommy” he heard on the phone kept echoing in 
his mind. 
No wonder she acts so coldly toward Estella. It turns out she had already married someone else and 
given birth to new children! That’s why she abandoned Estella back then! 
He stared at his daughter, who was still standing in her original spot. 
was 
Despite her obvious disappointment, she still stared at the door, waiting for Roxanne to return. 
Watching her like that made his heart ache. 
So what if she has returned? She still doesn’t want to take care of her child! 
The look on Lucian’s face was terrifyingly dark as he approached Estella and carried her into his arms. 
The girl stared at him with confusion and tugged his collar, indicating that she didn’t want to be carried 
Of course, he didn’t notice it as he coldly announced, “It’s getting late, so I’ll be taking Essie back home 
now. If Old Mr. Queen wakes up, give me a call. I’ll stop by another day.” 
Before Jonathan could reply, he left with Estella. 
Roxanne had just ended her call and was about to head back in. 
When she arrived at the doorway, she saw Lucian walking out expressionlessly. 
Her heart clenched, but just as she wondered what to do, he walked past her and left without glancing 
at her. 
She was a little stunned at his sudden departure, though when she returned to her senses, she 
laughed self-deprecatingly in her mind. 
It seems like he didn’t care about the call at all. 
Six years ago, he didn’t care about me either, not to mention I did that sort of thing to him when I left. 
Of course, he won’t care about me now, nor would he care about the two children. To him, we’re all 
strangers. 
Roxanne knew they lived in different worlds. She thought about the emotional roller-coaster she had 
just gone through earlier and felt like a joke. 
She stood outside the door for a long while before sighing gently. Upon tidying up her thoughts, she 
entered the room. 
Only Jonathan was left in the room. 
He had witnessed their interaction earlier. 
For some reason, I feel like their relationship isn’t as simple as it seems. 
Lucian, especially, seems weird. It’s the first time he showed so many emotions toward a woman. 
He was really curious about their history, but because it was their private matter, he didn’t inquire 
further about it. Instead, he started talking about Alfred’s condition with her. 
Estella was panicking as Lucian brought her out of the mansion and into the car. She quickly wrote a 
sentence in her notebook and tugged the hem of his shirt before showing it to him. 
The sentence read: I haven’t talked to Ms. Jarvis yet. Can we stay a little longer? 
Seeing that, Lucian felt a surge of mixed feelings, and his eyebrows furrowed. 
Estella noticed her father looked kind of down, and a caring look appeared in her eyes. She then wrote 
two more sentences: What’s wrong, Daddy? Why aren’t you happy?
###Chapter 40
Chapter 40
Lucian’s expression turned grim when he saw what happened. “What’s there to talk to her about? 
Pretend that you don’t know her the next time you see her and don’t ever interact with her again.” 
Since she has no intention of acknowledging her daughter, I might as well go along with her wishes. 
Taken aback by Lucian’s tone, Estella was briefly stunned before she pouted and wrote in her 
notebook: Why? 
Before he could reply, she quickly wrote: I like her very much, and she is kind and gentle to me. I want 
to be together with her! 
Despite Lucian’s sympathy for her when he saw how much she liked Roxanne, they had no choice but 
to face reality. He replied indifferently, “That’s because she has children of her own and doesn’t need 
another child.” 
Estella was confused by his reply. 
I know that the two boys are her sons, but she has still been very nice to me. However, Daddy seems 
to hate her. 
Estella couldn’t help but feel disappointed. 
When he saw her fall silent, Lucian instructed his assistant to drive. 
After leaving the Queen residence, he felt a tug on his sleeve, causing him to look over at Estella with 
knitted brows. 
She wrote: In that case, where is my mommy? 
She gave him a pitiful look, while her eyes were filled with confusion. 
As the pretty lady is the boys’ mommy, I cannot be with her. In that case, where’s my mommy? 
Her question tore into Lucian’s heart. Recovering his gaze painfully, he had no idea how to respond to 
her. 
She’s asking me where her mommy is, and I do know the answer. However, how am I going to explain 
the cruel truth to her? That woman has a new family now. Even with her own daughter standing right 
before her eyes, she had no intention of acknowledging her. 
The more he thought about it, the gloomier he became. Consequently, a long silence was his only 
response to her. 
When she didn’t obtain an answer. Estella continued to stare blankly at him, yearning for an answer. 
Finally, Lucian replied through gritted teeth, “I don’t know. I don’t know where she is, and don’t ever ask 
me this question again! Just having me is enough. There’s no need for you to have a mommy at all!” 
After looking at him in shock, Estella gradually put her notebook away before hanging her head in 
silence. 
For the rest of the journey home, neither father nor daughter spoke another word. 
Back at the Queen residence, Roxanne felt out of sorts after Lucian was gone. 
Jonathan could sense that she was unsettled but didn’t bring it up. Instead, he led her downstairs 
where they made idle chatter over coffee. 
From the outside, both of them seemed to be getting along very well. 
After Frieda was chased out, she returned to her room. Subsequently, she came out to see for herself 
what the situation was. 
When she saw her elder brother sitting with Roxanne on the couch, she let out an inaudible snort. 
From the very beginning, she never believed in Roxanne’s capability, and her opinion of the latter 
hadn’t changed. 
Despite noticing Frieda’s contemptuous expression, Roxanne didn’t hold it against her and just 
pretended to be oblivious of the former. 
One hour later, Roxanne changed the subject. “It’s time. We can remove the needles now.” 
She got up and headed upstairs with Jonathan following closely behind. 
At the same time, Frieda, too, got up skeptically and went along with them. 
Even though she didn’t have faith in Roxanne, she was still concerned about her grandfather. 
Furthermore, she intended to see for herself whether Roxanne was as capable as she claimed to be.
###Chapter 41
Compared to inserting needles, removing them was a lot easier.
All the needles on Alfred’s body were cleared in less than ten minutes.
After checking his condition, Roxanne began to pack her things.
In the meantime, Jonathan and Frieda stood anxiously by the bedside.
Previously, all the famous doctors they had sought failed to produce any results.
Therefore, they weren’t sure if Alfred was able to wake up this time.
Under their attentive gaze, Alfred’s fingers began to curl slightly.
In the next second, his eyes gradually opened, and he began to grimace while coughing weakly.
“Grandpa!”
As Jonathan sat down to help Alfred regain his breath, the former’s eyes were filled with both shock and delight.
Frieda, too, was so stunned that she was at a loss for words.
Despite her lack of faith in Roxanne, her grandfather had woken up due to Roxanne’s treatment.
“Grandpa, how do you feel?” Jonathan asked with concern once Alfred had stopped coughing.
Alfred nodded slightly and replied in an extremely hoarse voice, “How long have I been asleep for?”
Just when Jonathan was about to answer, Roxanne walked over after she was done packing. “It would be better if Old Mr. Queen doesn’t speak too much now, for he needs a lot more rest.”
Nodding in response, Jonathan carefully helped Alfred lay back down.
After that, he got to his feet and expressed his gratitude. “Dr. Jarvis, I couldn’t thank you enough. Also, I would like to apologize for our ignorance over doubting you previously. The mistake was ours, as you’re clearly an extraordinary doctor.”
After accepting his gratitude and apology, Roxanne reminded, “Even though Old Mr. Queen has woken up, his prognosis still looks bleak. He needs at least six to seven more treatments before he can truly turn the corner.”
Jonathan nodded repeatedly.
“Also, I’ll prescribe some medicine for him to supplement his health, as it will help with the treatment. After all, the damage that Old Mr. Queen’s body has suffered is significant. As future treatments require him to be strong enough, I’m worried that he might not be able to withstand it,” Roxanne continued.
Jonathan naturally had no ions as he nodded in agreement. “Don’t worry. We will comply with all your instructions regarding Grandpa’s treatment.”
Nodding slightly, Roxanne retrieved a bottle of pills from her bag. “Here, take two pills three times a day after meals.”
Subsequently, she took out a piece of paper and wrote a prescription for him. “Based on the quantity I’ve written here, get ten batches of them. Every day, add them into a soup for Old Mr. Queen to drink. This way, it will hasten his recovery.”
Jonathan acknowledged, “All right. We’ll follow your instructions.”
After going into the details a little more, Roxanne realized it was getting late when she checked the time.
Thinking of her two sons waiting for her at home, she got up to leave. “I think it’s time for me to go, but I’ll be coming back tomorrow. In the meantime, call me if Old Mr. Queen has any problems.”
With that, she headed to the door with her medical bag in hand.
Glancing at Roxanne’s leaving silhouette, Jonathan called out to her, “Dr. Jarvis, other than treating Grandpa, I’m sure you have some other reason for being here.”
Stopping abruptly in her tracks, Roxanne suddenly remembered her ive for coming over.
But Old Mr. Queen hasn’t recovered fully yet. So, Jonathan…
When Jonathan saw her stop, he softened his tone. “Don’t you want to talk about it first before leaving?”
###Chapter 42
Chapter 42
Jonathan’s intentions couldn’t be more obvious. 
Even though she didn’t bring up the matter of medicine supply, he was cognizant of her agenda. In fact, 
he was also interested in exploring the matter with her. 
However, Roxanne hesitated at being rewarded for a task she had yet to complete. 
After all, the Queen family had initially declared that they would only supply medicine at half price to 
whoever that cured Alfred. 
When she didn’t say a word, Jonathan simply stared at her with a grin. 
Roxanne smiled back. “To be honest, I did come here to treat Old Mr. Queen after a friend told me that 
your family was willing to sell medicine at half price to whoever cured him. But now that he has only just 
awakened and his condition hasn’t stabilized, I don’t think it’s appropriate to talk about the reward. At 
the very least, we can wait till his situation makes a turn for the better.” 
Jonathan’s smile broadened upon hearing Roxanne’s answer. He then replied with even greater 
sincerity, “Dr. Jarvis, the fact that Grandpa is awake is already a miracle to us. As for his follow-up 
treatment, we have the utmost confidence in you. Consequently, you have earned the right for us to 
discuss your reward.” 
Surprised at how much faith he had in her, Roxanne was briefly stunned. When she finally regained her 
senses, she took a seat on the couch. 
“You were recommended by Dr. Galloway. When he came to see Grandpa back then, he did bring up 
the situation at the research institute. However, since he was unable to help Grandpa, the matter ended 
up in limbo.” 
Jonathan explained further, “Now that he has sent you here, I’m sure it has something to do with the 
research institute. Is my guess spot on?” 
Roxanne nodded slightly before relating the research institute’s situation to him. 
esa 
“The research institute is currently working on a few projects. Unfortunately, progress is being held
back by the lack of medicines. As a result, we’ve been searching for a medicine supplier whom we can 
work with. Unfortunately, we ended up being rejected by everyone in Horington. With no other choice, 
Colby thought of the Queen family and figured that I should give it a try.” 
Looking at Jonathan, Roxanne explained earnestly, “Of course, even without the reward, I would still do 
my best to treat Old Mr. Queen. The reward is nothing more than a bonus to me.” 
When Roxanne’s serious expression earned Jonathan’s further respect, he repeated, “I would like to 
apologize again for the doubt I’ve shown you earlier. You truly are an exceptional doctor.” 
Acknowledging his praise, Roxanne stared intently at Jonathan while waiting for him to discuss the 
medicine supply. 
With no time to waste, Jonathan jumped right into it after gaining an understanding of the situation, 
“Now that Grandpa has awoken after receiving your treatment, we hope that you will continue taking 
good care of him. As for the reward promised by our family, I have the authority to make a decision. As 
a start, I will provide the research institute with its first batch of medicine free of charge as a sign of our 
gratitude. Subsequently, our family will sign a long-term contract with the institute to supply medicine at 
half price.” 
Roxanne gradually understood the situation. 
can 
After watching Alfred regain consciousness from her treatment, Jonathan was thoroughly convinced 
that she could cure him. 
As for the first batch of free medicine, it was both a gift and also an effort to reassure her. 
After all, that batch would solve the urgent shortage at the research institute, allowing her to 
concentrate on curing Alfred without any distractions. 
Needless to say, Jonathan’s proposal was extremely tempting. 
“All right. Please rest assured that I will do my best to cure Old Mr. Queen.”
###Chapter 43
Upon hearing her promise, Jonathan replied with a smile, “Your words have put my mind at ease.
Anyway, I’ll get the contract drafted tomorrow. When the time comes, all you need to do is sign it.” Roxanne nodded in acknowledgment. With the matter of the reward settled, Jonathan personally escorted her to the door and watched her drive away. Only when her car disappeared from sight did he return to the house and give Lucian a call.
“How is Old Mr. Queen?” The moment the call connected, Lucian’s voice rang out with the sound of water flowing in the background Jonathan answered with a grin, “He’s already awake. Dr. Jarvis is amazing.”
Recalling how awkward Lucian and Roxanne behaved earlier, he asked curiously, “Lucian, are you acquainted with Dr. Jarvis prior to this? I just feel as if something is amiss between both of you. Furthermore, I’ve never seen you behave that way with another woman before.”
Even though he made things difficult for her, he stood up for her at the same time. 
In the beginning, Jonathan really thought that Lucian didn’t take Roxanne seriously. However, after watching Lucian help her and even insisting that Frieda apologize to her, he had no idea what to think.
His hunch told him that both of them knew each other, but it was impossible for him to guess what sort of relationship they had. Lucian’s concern for Alfred was the only reason why he took Jonathan’s call. Hence, the question caused his expression to darken.
“I don’t know her. If I did, I would already have gotten her to treat Old Mr. Queen.” Before Jonathan could reply, Lucian hung up, triggering the former’s curiosity,
Somehow, Lucian’s tone just now was really awkward. Do they really not know one another? By the time Roxanne reached home, it was already late at night. Madilyn was playing Lego with the boys in the living room. The moment the three of them saw Roxanne, they dropped the Lego in their hands and welcomed her home together.
“Mommy!” The two boys threw themselves into her arms and asked in a concerned tone, “Why did you come back so late? All of us are already sleepy.”
Both of them yawned with their eyes about to close. Roxanne tousled their hair. “I’m sorry for letting all of you wait that long.” Raising her gaze, she wanted to thank Madilyn. Sensing what she was about to say, Madilyn waved her hands.
“Don’t worry about it. Both of them are my godsons after all. As for you, have you had your dinner yet? It’s already so late!” Roxanne shook her head. “I didn’t manage to eat, as I was caught up with work.” She had lost track of time while treating Alfred and discussing the supply of medicine with Jonathan. However, now that Roxanne had reminded her of it, she began to feel her stomach growling. Madilyn gave her an annoyed look.
“I knew this would happen whenever you’re busy. Therefore, I set aside a portion of dinner. You should quickly have some.” The boys, too, urged her to eat as they herded her to the dining table.
Warmed by their gesture, Roxanne took a few bites while Madilyn and the kids stayed by her side. When she saw that Roxanne was almost done with her food, Madilyn inquired, “Considering how late you came back today, is the patient’s condition serious? How is the progress?” Roxanne nodded with a smile. “It is. Nonetheless, I’m confident of curing him still.”
On top of that, I’ll also be able to solve the supply issue at the research institute. With that thought in mind, Roxanne’s mood improved dramatically. Madilyn, too, had just as much faith. “Since you’re confident in doing so, I trust that you’ll definitely be able to cure him!”
###Chapter 44
Chapter 44
After some idle chatter, Madilyn took her leave as it was already late. 
In the meantime, the boys followed Roxanne around. 
After tidying up the room for a bit, she finally had time for them. 
“Did you enjoy yourselves at kindergarten today? Did you get into fights with your friends?” 
After recalling the events of the day, the boys responded with a forceful nod. “We had a good time. 
When school was over, they even gave us a lot of snacks!” 
Roxanne couldn’t help but smile. “It seems both of you are really popular.” 
Benny nodded earnestly before glancing in Archie’s direction. “In fact, there’s a girl today who declared 
that she wants to marry Archie when she grows up!” 
“Really?” Roxanne gave her son an amused look. 
Briefly stunned, Archie threw his brother a glance before blushing all the way to his ears. “Yes, but I 
didn’t agree to it.” 
Pinching his ear, Benny made a face at Archie. 
When she saw how the boys were fooling around, Roxanne beamed with satisfaction. 
Even though it was already late, the boys clung to her and related to her everything that happened in 
kindergarten. 
Most of the time, Benny would have a whole lot to say while Archie would summarize his words. 
As for Roxanne, she would listen intently and let out the occasional laugh when she saw how cute they 
were. 
When she finally checked the time, it was almost ten. 
“Time for bed. You still have school tomorrow,” she coaxed the children, putting on a serious 
expression 
Complying obediently, both of them went upstairs to sleep. 
The next morning, Roxanne dropped them off at the kindergarten before heading to the research 
institute 
Once the morning meeting was over, she came out of the conference room together with Colby. 
“How did it go yesterday? Did you manage to treat Old Mr. Queen’s sickness?” Colby inquired. 
Roxanne nodded slightly. Although his condition appears to be serious and complex treatment is 
needed, it’s still possible to cure him but it will take quite a bit of time. As I’ll be going over often the 
next few days, you’ll have to hold the fort around here for the time being.” 
Filled with admiration, Colby teased, “I’m amazed you’re able to treat a sickness that has baffled all the 
famous doctors sought out by the Queen family. Dr. Jarvis, your words make us feel ashamed of 
ourselves!” 
Even though he was joking, there was truth to his words. After all, he was one of the doctors who was 
also stumped by Alfred’s condition. 
Roxanne downplayed the matter with a smile. “It just happens to fall into my area of specialty.” 
When he saw the nonchalant look on her face, Colby’s heart throbbed. 
“By the way, even though Old Mr. Queen hasn’t fully recovered, the Queen family has agreed to supply 
us with the medicine, and we’ll likely be able to sign the contract today. In fact, the first batch is 
provided free of charge. This not only solves our urgent shortage, but we will also not have to worry 
about supply anymore.” 
Roxanne’s face lit up at the thought of having secured the supply of medicine. 
Colby cocked his brow in surprise. “Really? The Queen family are actually willing to sign a contract with 
us even though Old Mr. Queen has just regained consciousness?” 
Roxanne nodded with a grin. 
Upon her confirmation, Colby praised, “It’s clear that they have been blown away by your medical skills. 
You truly are amazing.” 
Roxanne chuckled casually. “I’m just doing what I can. Hopefully, there will not be any untoward 
developments when it comes to Old Mr. Queen’s condition.” 
“With you running the show, I’m sure everything will be fine,” Colby answered with conviction
###Chapter 45
Chapter 45
Cognizant that Madilyn had helped her pick up the boys two days in a row, Roxanne planned to pick 
them up herself that day. Thus, she headed to the Queen residence in the afternoon after finishing her 
work in the morning. 
After she arrived, she examined Alfred to make sure there weren’t any complications before continuing 
his treatment by inserting needles. 
While waiting for the time to remove the needles, Jonathan approached with a document in hand. “Dr. 
Jarvis, here’s the contract I’ve prepared. If you’re fine with the terms, you can just sign on it.” 
Roxanne wasn’t surprised, as that was what they discussed the night before. After going through the 
document in detail, she placed her signature at the bottom. 
With the contract signed, Jonathan’s attitude toward her grew warmer. “From now on, we have become 
partners. Nevertheless, we’ll still need your help with regards to Grandpa’s condition.” 
Roxanne nodded in acknowledgment. “That’s the least I can do.” 
After a brief chat, Roxanne looked at the time and extracted the needles from Alfred’s body. 
Even though she had tried her best to rush, school had already ended for the boys by the time she 
finished packing. 
Taking her leave quickly, Roxanne drove to pick them up. 
Along the way, she wondered if they would be worried since she didn’t inform them that she would be 
late. 
By the time she arrived, all the students were gone, leaving behind an empty kindergarten. 
Upon scanning the surroundings, Roxanne saw the two boys sitting on a small bench in the field, but 
there was no sign of any teachers at all. 
As a result, she hurried up to them anxiously. 
“Mommy!” the boys ran in her direction the instant they saw her, 
Hugging them, she knelt down to stroke their faces. “I’m sorry. I was busy and lost track of time.” 
Archie gave her an understanding shake of his head. “It’s all right. We’re safe in the kindergarten. Plus,
there’s a teacher here with us. There’s no need for you to be worried.” 
Benny, too, gave a corresponding nod. 
Roxanne gave them a confused look. “A teacher?” 
Archie pointed at the corner of the field. 
Trailing the trajectory of his finger, Roxanne saw a teacher by the slide. With a warm smile on her 
face, she was kneeling on the ground while speaking to a little girl. 
Looking adorable in her kindergarten uniform, the girl had her hands tensely placed on her knees while 
sitting in an upright position. At the same time, she was staring intently in their direction. 
The moment she recognized the girl, Roxanne was stunned. 
If memory serves me right, that’s clearly Lucian’s daughter. Is she studying here too? 
Initially, Estella was just watching Archie and Benny. However, the moment she saw Roxanne, her eyes 
lit up. 
Realizing that Roxanne was looking at her, her lips curled up in delight as she attempted to greet the 
former. 
But the very next second, Roxanne looked away, causing Estella’s smile to fade as she gave them a 
dejected stare. 
She obviously recognizes me but chooses to ignore me. 
“Mommy, what’s wrong? Are you tired from work?” 
Archie shook Roxanne’s hand when he noticed her looking distracted. 
Regaining her senses, Roxanne replied with a grin, “Not at all.” 
With that, Benny happily grabbed her hands and exclaimed, “In that case, let’s go home!”
###Chapter 46
Chapter 46
Roxanne gave him a noncommittal nod, before leading the boys over to greet the teacher. 
Just before she left, her gaze subconsciously fell upon Estella again. 
When she saw that the three of them were about to go, Estella stood up anxiously while staring intently 
at them. 
Worried that she would fall, the teacher quickly held onto her. 
After a brief hesitation, Roxanne couldn’t help inquiring out of concern. “Is she” 
Well aware of what she was about to ask, the boys answered right away, “Mommy, she’s a student 
here too. In fact, she’s in the same class as we are. Since her daddy and mommy have yet to pick her 
up, she was waiting together with us.” 
Nodding in acknowledgment, Roxanne’s heart melted slightly at the sight of Estella. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t intend to stay, for it will either be Lucian or Aubree who would be picking 
Estella up soon, neither of whom she had any intention of seeing again. 
However, Estella was visibly reluctant to see her go. 
Not wanting to disappoint her, Roxanne stroked Estella’s head with a smile. “Your parents will be here 
soon. As I need to go first, you must obey the teacher and wait together with her, all right?” 
Just as Roxanne was about to leave, Estella grabbed her sleeve tightly. 
Halted by Estella’s reaction, Roxanne lowered her gaze and saw the former shaking her head with 
slightly reddened eyes. 
The look on Estella’s face caused Roxanne to feel so heavy-hearted that she couldn’t bring herself to 
move. 
When the teacher saw Estella refusing to let Roxanne leave, she sighed in resignation before 
approaching the latter to explain, “Estella has recently been very close to Archie and Benny. Due to her 
autistic character, very few students are willing to play with her. But the very first day the brothers came 
to class, they ended up protecting her. That’s why she has grown to rely on both of them. And now, 
she’s probably scared that they’re leaving.” 
After hearing about Estella’s situation, Roxanne could feel the discomfort within her intensify. 
Not only is the little girl mute, but she’s also autistic. No wonder the teacher let the boys wait by the 
side. 
Unfortunately, the thought of running into Lucian and Aubree caused Roxanne to feel hesitant about 
staying behind. 
Despite the teacher’s coaxing, Estella refused to let Roxanne go no matter what. 
After a while, the teacher appealed, “Ms. Jarvis, are you rushing for time? If not, shall we chat a 
little? Ever since Archie and Benny came to school, I have yet to speak to you about their progress.” 
It was clear to Roxanne that the teacher was just getting her to wait with Estella under the pretext of 
discussing the boys’ performance in school. 
At the same time, Estella, too, threw her a hopeful gaze. 
Faced with the look in Estella’s eyes. Roxanne, who was about to decline, couldn’t bring herself to say 
it. In the end, she swallowed her words and nodded at the teacher. 
In response, Estella’s eyes glistened as she discreetly leaned into Roxanne while holding the latter’s 
sleeve 
From afar, it looked as if she was leaning in Roxanne’s arms. 
Sensing the slight movement, Roxanne didn’t stop her nor show her any attention. Instead, she 
discussed the boys’ affairs with the teacher as if she didn’t realize anything.
###Chapter 47
Chapter 47
“I remember that you came back from overseas together with Archie and Benny. Considering that they 
grew up overseas, I’m surprised at how well they speak Chanaean.” 
Since the chat was just an excuse, the teacher talked about trivial matters, as Archie and Benny’s 
performances in class were so impressive that there was nothing to complain about. 
Roxanne nodded with a smile. “That’s because there were still many Chanaeans around to converse 
with them.” 
Meanwhile, the boys didn’t say a word and merely smiled obediently. They would simply nod at 
whatever their mother said. 
Seeing how well-behaved they were, the teacher couldn’t help but gush in admiration. “Other than 
Chanaean and Ustranasion, they seem to be able to speak Ferropenian too, don’t they?” 
“Mmm-hmm, they probably picked it up from my colleagues overseas.” 
Roxanne caressed the boys’ hair. 
Impressed, the teacher exclaimed, “I must say, they are exceptionally smart to not only have mastered 
three languages at such a young age but also the elementary school curriculum too. Coupled with their 
exquisite features, you really do have exceptional children!” 
Roxanne beamed with pride at the praise. “You flatter us. They’re just ordinary children who enjoy 
learning.” 
While they were chatting, Roxanne continued to be vigilant about whether someone was coming to pick 
Estella up. 
Upon checking the time, she realized that a long while had passed. 
Filled with sudden concern, she asked, “By the way, when will the girl’s parents arrive?” 
The teacher looked at her watch and answered, “Probably soon.” 
After nodding in response, Roxanne lowered her gaze at Estella. 
The latter was still standing beside her while maintaining her grip on Roxanne’s sleeve as if she’. was 
fearful of Roxanne leaving. 
Resigning herself to the fact that she couldn’t leave, Roxanne turned to the boys. “Can you boys go to 
the car first and wait for me there?” 
Nodding obediently, both of them walked to the kindergarten’s entrance. 
Once she saw them get into the car, Roxanne recovered her gaze. 
It was prudent to keep the boys out of the way since she couldn’t avoid meeting those two. 
At the kindergarten entrance, Archie and Benny got into the car one after another before looking 
out the window. 
“Why do you think Mommy asked us to come out here?” Benny wondered while holding his chin. 
Archie put their schoolbags away before joining his brother at the window. “Because Daddy is about to 
arrive.” 
For some strange reason, Mommy doesn’t want us to meet Daddy. However, she isn’t aware that we 
have discovered Daddy’s true identity and even know what he looks like. 
As the boys continued to stare outside, a Rolls-Royce dramatically pulled up by the street. 
A towering man in a long-sleeved shirt and pants alighted from it. 
Ever since the car appeared, Benny monitored it closely. When the man came out of the car, he locked 
his gaze on the man and gave Archie a nudge. “Archie, look. Can that be Daddy?” 
After turning his head to glance at the man, Archie nodded with conviction. 
Without a doubt, that’s the man I saw on the internet! 
Upon receiving Archie’s confirmation, Benny couldn’t help but praise aloud, “Daddy looks a lot more 
dashing in real life compared to the picture.” 
Just as he spoke, Archie shot him a glare. 
re 
“Didn’t I tell you that you’re not allowed to like him?” 
With a sullen expression, Archie glared at the man outside as if he was their mortal enemy. 
This is the man who abandoned Mommy and us! 
man who After being admonished by his brother, Benny zipped his mouth sheepishly.
###Chapter 48
Chapter 48
Meanwhile. Lucian didn’t notice the boys in the car as he strode into the kindergarten, well aware that 
he was late. 
The moment he stepped in, he saw two figures by the slide together with Estella, who had squeezed 
herself into Roxanne’s arms by then. 
“Mr. Farwell, you’re here!” the teacher greeted respectfully when she saw Lucian. 
Lucian nodded in acknowledgment as he walked up to them. After throwing his daughter a glance, he 
stared coldly at Roxanne. “Why are you here?” 
Sensing his hostility, Roxanne knitted her brows in confusion. 
The teacher then looked at them in surprise, “Do you know each other?” 
Just a while ago, she had assumed that Roxanne didn’t know Estella. 
However, considering how dependent Estella was on Roxanne, she figured that it wasn’t such a 
surprise at all. 
After nodding at the teacher without answering the question, Roxanne shifted her attention toward 
Lucian. “I came here to pick my boys up. It was your daughter who refused to let go of my clothes, 
forcing me to stay here with her.” 
The moment he heard the words “your daughter” roll off her tongue, Lucian’s expression darkened. 
How can she say such a thing in front of her own daughter? What a heartless woman! 
Unaware of what she had said wrong, Roxanne saw a sudden change in Lucian’s expression as he 
turned his attention to Estella. 
“Come here.” Lucian reached out his hand grimly. 
After glancing at Lucian’s outstretched hand, Estella raised her gaze and gave Roxanne a reluctant 
and pitiful look. 
Just when I finally got the chance to be with her, why does Daddy have to be so fierce? 
As the seconds ticked by, Lucian’s expression turned darker when Estella refused to let go of Roxanne. 
In the end, Roxanne lowered her gaze and tousled Estella’s hair before reassuring her, “Your daddy is
here to pick you up, and I have to go too. So, you should go home with him now.” 
After that, Roxanne stood back up, planning to leave the instant Estella released her grip. 
CI 
In spite of that, Estella adamantly refused regardless of how gloomy Lucian looked. Instead, she 
continued to give Roxanne a pleading look. 
For some inexplicable reason, she loved staying by Roxanne’s side, to the extent of wanting to follow 
the latter home. 
As the tension in the air began to build, the teacher felt the need to defuse the situation. 
Before she could, she saw Lucian making his move all of a sudden. 
Walking up to Estella, Lucian asserted in an authoritative voice, “Estella Farwell, let go and come home 
with me.” 
Shaken by his tone, the little girl ended up tightening her grip on Roxanne and leaning closer to her by 
reflex. 
As she was already standing by the edge of the slide, she lost her balance while shifting her legs 
without looking 
With her heart skipping a beat, Roxanne managed to stop Estella from falling by reaching out to catch 
her. 
Subsequently, Estella refused to let Roxanne go, leaving the latter with no choice but to hug her in case 
she fell again. 
Having calmed her down, Roxanne couldn’t help but frown. “Lucian, if you’re upset with me, you should 
just vent your frustrations at me instead of the child.” 
Even though Lucian had seen the same event unfold, he didn’t manage to get to Estella in time. 
Therefore, he retorted upon hearing Roxanne’s comments, “How is the way I treat my daughter any of 
your business? Don’t think that just because she likes you, it gives you the right to get involved.” 
The tension between them felt as if it could explode at any moment. 
In response to his mocking tone, Roxanne’s expression darkened as an inexplicable sense of anger 
swelled within her.
###Chapter 49
Chapter 49
After Roxanne’s anger receded, she realized how funny the situation was. 
Indeed, I don’t have any rights. In his eyes, I never had any. 
She dropped her gaze to the floor, concealing the self-deprecation in them. Without saying anything. 
she forced herself to remove Estella’s grip from her sleeve. 
Estella’s little fingers wanted to reach for her again, but Roxanne grabbed it mid-air. 
“Archie and Benny are still waiting for me in the car. I have to go to them. Be a good girl and go with 
your dad.” 
Roxanne ruffled Estella’s head gently and released the latter’s hand. With a hurried farewell to the 
teacher, Roxanne turned on her heels and rushed out the front door without another glance back. 
Back in the car, Archie and Benny were sitting upright. When they saw Roxanne getting in the car, they 
asked innocently, “Mommy, what’s wrong?” 
Roxanne sucked in a deep breath before plastering a forced smile. “Nothing. Let’s go home.” 
She started up the car and pulled away from the kindergarten. 
Meanwhile, Lucian was still rooted in place. Shooting a sharp gaze at the teacher, he asked, “Are her 
sons attending here too?” 
The teacher didn’t know what went on between the two parents but could sense the tension coming off 
of Lucian. Feeling the pressure, the teacher answered hesitantly, “Yeah. Ms. Jarvis’ twins attend our 
kindergarten-” 
Before the teacher could finish, he interrupted coldly, “When did they start?” 
“Just… a few days ago,” the teacher replied carefully. 
“Inform the head of the kindergarten to remove the boys from the list. If you don’t do as I ask, Farwell 
Group won’t be investing in this kindergarten anymore.” 
Lucian’s expression turned hostile. 
Not allowing the teacher the time to digest his words, he carried Estella into his arms and strode to the 
front door. 
Upon arriving at the parking lot, Lucian noticed the car parked beside his was already gone. 
Withdrawing his gaze, he carried Estella into the car without a pause in his step. 
The minute he got into the car, Estella struggled violently in his arms. 
Lucian loosened his grip on her, letting her crawl to the other side of the seat. 
Estella took out her notebook angrily and scribbled something on it with force. 
A while later, her hand stopped. 
Estella was furious this time as she turned her notebook around and sat there glaring at Lucian instead 
of crawling over to him to yank on his sleeve for his attention. 
Lucian sighed silently and turned his head over to peer at Estella with a frown. 
The entire length of the paper only had one sentence scribbled across it: Why are you not letting Archie 
and Benny come to kindergarten? 
Seeing Lucian finally turn his attention to her, Estella angrily shoved the notebook closer to his face. 
The crease between Lucian’s brows deepened at her actions. He withdrew his gaze and said, “No 
particular reason. I did it because I could and wanted to. That’s the answer I can give if you insist on 
one.” 
Upon finishing his sentence, he heard movement coming from the seat beside him. 
He turned and saw Estella angrily throw her notebook to the side and clung to the door. She even 
leaned her head out of the window. Despite not saying anything, her whole body was exuding an “I- 
don’t-want-to-look-at-you” vibe. 
Lucian arched his brow at her body language. “You getting mad isn’t going to change my mind.” 
Estella furiously snapped her head to him and shot him a death glare. 
Daddy is the worst! I hate Daddy the most! I like the beautiful Ms. Jarvis and Archie and Benny. Why 
did Daddy have to fight with her and even forbade Archie and Benny to attend kindergarten? 
Estella was crestfallen at the thought of never being able to see Archie and Benny at the kindergarten 
anymore. 
Daddy is too unreasonable! I don’t want to like him anymore!
###Chapter 50
Chapter 50
Estella sulked the whole way back. 
She ignored Lucian who was trailing after her and dashed up the stairs to her room without one glance 
back at him. After slamming the door, she even locked the door angrily. 
Catalina was standing at the door when the father and daughter arrived, so she noticed Estella’s angry 
mood. When she shifted her gaze to the expressionless Lucian walking behind Estella, she knew they 
were once again at outs with each other. 
“Mr. Farwell, what is Ms. Estella angry about?” 
Hearing the loud slamming from the door upstairs, Catalina turned to Lucian with a concerned look. 
Recalling the reason Estella got mad at him, Lucian answered impassively, “Nothing. She’s just 
throwing a tantrum. Look after her.” 
Catalina nodded habitually, “Yes, sir.” 
I wonder why Ms. Estella would lose her temper with Mr. Farwell when she was rarely expressive. 
Moreover, Mr. Farwell isn’t good at coaxing others. All in all, we need a lady of the house. 
Estella was only mad at Lucian, so she obediently opened her door when Catalina knocked on it. 
“Ms. Estella, come and have something to eat.” 
Catalina carried a tray of Estella’s favorite food into her room. 
Alas, Estella didn’t have an appetite. After taking two bites of the food, she pushed the plate away and 
sat gloomily by the desk. 
Catalina’s heart ached for the little girl. 
However, she knew this was something between father and daughter, so she wasn’t in any position to 
give any advice. She took the food back to the kitchen and came back to help Estella shower after a 
few hours later. 
After cleaning up the bathroom, Catalina saw Estella lying on her stomach on her bed, staring at the 
laptop in front of her with a hardened look. She wondered what the little girl was doing tapping on the 
keyboard so seriously. 
However, Catalina was used to Estella tapping away on the keyboard, so she silently left the room after 
cleaning up without asking anything. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne was stuck in a traffic jam on her way back with Archie and Benny. 
Archie and Benny silently sat in the back seat, occasionally exchanging glances with each other, all the 
while studying their mom’s expression through the rearview mirror. 
They didn’t know what happened at the kindergarten earlier. Even though Roxanne didn’t tell 
them anything, they noticed that she was in a bad mood. 
“Mommy, we made some cards at the kindergarten today! The teacher had us make it for the people 
we love, so Archie and I made one for you!” 
Benny secretly cast a glance at Archie, hinting at him to cheer their mother up. 
Archie nodded with understanding. “Mommy, do you want to know what we wrote?” 
Roxanne knew they were trying to lift her mood, so she nodded with a smile. “Sure. What did you guys 
write?” 
Sounds of someone shuffling through the bag came from the back, then Benny’s emotional voice read 
loudly, “The person I love the most is Mommy! My mommy is an amazing doctor! Even though she’s 
always busy with work, my brother and I know she loves us the most! We think Mommy is a great 
person for saving lives every day. Sometimes, we would feel bad for her and wish she won’t get too 
busy and tire herself out. I hope Mommy will stay beautiful forever!” 
Roxanne couldn’t keep her giggle in. “It’s so long. It was no wonder your teacher would tell me you 
guys excelled in Chanaean. What about you, Archie?” 
Archie sat up straight and began reading aloud, “My mommy is an amazing doctor. Saving lives is a 
difficult job, and so is taking care of my brother and me. I want to be like her when I grow up. I wish I 
can grow up quickly and earn money for my family, so Mommy doesn’t have to be so tired all the time.” 
Roxanne’s heart melted into a puddle at their heartfelt confessions. She had thrown out everything that 
happened at the kindergarten earlier out of her mind. “Thank you, boys.” 
The kids exchanged glances and released a relieved breath simultaneously when they noticed her 
mood had brightened.
###Chapter 51
Chapter 51
The next day was a weekend, so the kids didn’t have to go to kindergarten. 
Roxanne planned to take the boys to the research institute with her. 
Right after she packed everything and was about to head out the door, she heard the doorbell ring. 
Thinking it was a visit from Madilyn, Roxanne got up and went to get the door. 
Her brows furrowed with confusion when she saw the person standing at the door. “Essie? What are 
you doing here?” 
Roxanne instinctively swept her gaze at the surrounding, thinking Lucian would be standing and waiting 
somewhere within sight. 
Yet, shockingly, she didn’t see anyone else but Estella outside her door. 
Roxanne decided to focus her attention back on Estella. She bent down to the little girl’s eye level and 
asked, “Estella, tell me how you got here? Did your daddy send you?” 
Judging from Lucian’s attitude at the kindergarten yesterday, I highly doubt he’ll let Essie meet me, but 
there’s no other possibility for now. 
Estella was wearing a white dress and carried a small backpack on her back. It was the one she 
brought to kindergarten the day before. Hearing Roxanne’s question, Estella reached for the notebook 
in her backpack, flipped it open, then started writing something. 
She wrote: I came here myself. 
Roxanne was stunned. “Yourself? How did you find your way here?” 
Estella scribbled across the page: I took a cab here. 
Roxanne was still suspicious, but after checking her surroundings a few times, she finally believed 
Estella’s words. 
So Lucian’s daughter took the cab in the early morning all by herself to my house. This situation is 
giving me a headache. 
She suppressed the mix of feelings in her heart and asked tenderly, “Is there a reason you’re looking 
for me?” 
The girl answered in writing: I wanted to be friends with Archie and Benny, so I came to play with them. 
Is that okay? Estella raised her notebook and gazed at Roxanne with anticipation. 
Just for this reason? 
Roxanne didn’t know how to answer her at that moment. 
Yesterday, the boys’ teacher did tell me Estella liked following the boys around. However, I never 
thought she’ll be bold enough to take a cab to my house alone just so she can play with them. 
Moreover, she can’t speak. If she met some bad people on the way here… 
Roxanne didn’t dare to think about what would happen. 
“Mommy?” Archie and Benny had been waiting inside for a while and didn’t see Roxanne come back 
in, so they came out to have a look. 
When they saw the little girl at their front door, they had the same reaction as Roxanne. “What … are 
you doing here?” 
Estella was about to scribble in her notebook when Roxanne explained on her behalf, “Essie just 
wanted to play with you guys.” 
Archie looked around at Roxanne’s explanation, thinking he would see his dad, but there wasn’t an 
adult man anywhere. 
“How did she get here?” Archie flitted his gaze to Roxanne. 
Roxanne replied resignedly, “She took a cab here alone.” 
Even I have a hard time believing the words that just came out of my mouth. 
However, the two boys accepted the truth readily. 
Benny looked at Estella with a puzzled look. “You came here yourself? Did you run away from home 
again?” 
If I remember it correctly, the first time we met Essie was when she ran away from home. 
On the contrary, Estella didn’t think her behavior was strange and nodded. 
Seeing her calm demeanor, the boys exchanged a look speechlessly. 
Why does this daughter that Daddy raised keep running away from home? More importantly, why is
she always coming to our house? 
At the same time, Lucian was working in the Farwell Group CEO’s office when suddenly his private 
phone started ringing. 
The second the call connected, the butler’s voice came through the phone urgently. 
“Mr. Farwell, Ms. Estella is missing again.”
###Chapter 52
Chapter 52
Lucian’s hands paused. “I’m coming back now.” 
Hanging up the phone, he drove back to the Farwell residence. 
“What happened? There’s so many of you watching her, so how can she go missing?” Lucian 
questioned once he stepped foot in the mansion. 
In the living room, all the household staff stood nervously. Lucian’s anger was burning so brightly that 
they didn’t dare to lift their heads. 
The butler answered cautiously, “We’re not sure. Ms. Estella had gone back to her room after having 
breakfast this morning. When Catalina went upstairs a few hours later, she couldn’t find Ms. Estella 
anywhere.” 
Lucian’s brows furrowed with displeasure. “What about the surveillance cameras?” 
The butler responded with a defeated look on his face, “Mr. Farwell, the surveillance cameras… we’re 
not sure when they turned off. Coincidentally, there’s no recording of this morning.” 
Hearing that, Lucian’s expression had darkened tremendously. 
The living room fell into dead silence. 
DO 
The staff all bowed their heads with dread, hunching their shoulders, making themselves as small as 
possible. They even hoped they could hide within the crack of the tiles. 
Who could’ve thought we would lose Ms. Estella twice in such a short period. Furthermore, she slipped 
away right under our noses. If anything happens to Ms. Estella, Mr. Farwell will fire us. 
Lucian looked up and saw the bodyguards he sent to protect Estella were among the staff. The sight 
just fueled his rage. “What are you guys standing there for? Get moving and search for her! If you can’t 
find her, then all of you are fired.” 
The bodyguards immediately obliged and strode out of the mansion urgently without a backward 
glance. 
Distress filled Roxanne as she looked at the little girl in front of her. 
It’s getting late. I should be taking the boys to the research institute, but Estella’s sudden appearance 
has messed up my plan. Furthermore, she took a cab here by herself. I can’t exactly send her back on 
her own. 
After a short silence, Roxanne huffed out a resigned sigh as she stood to let Estella into the house. 
“Come on in.” 
Estella’s eyes sparkled as she nodded fervently and followed Roxanne into the mansion. 
“Have you had breakfast?” Roxanne asked. 
Estella sat on the couch and nodded obediently. 
Roxanne and the boys took a seat beside Estella. After a brief hesitation, Roxanne asked. “Can you tell 
me if you’re really here to play with Archie and Benny? Or are you running away from home like last 
time? Does your family know you’re here?” 
Estella tilted her head to the side and scribbled on the notebook. 
Archie’s and Benny’s faces were staid. “Do you know someone can kidnap you if you meet a bad 
person when you take the cab? Didn’t our teacher teach us not to leave the house alone?” 
By the time they finished speaking, Estella had already done writing and showed the notebook to them. 
She wrote a sentence across the blank page: I want to meet Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny. 
Roxanne frowned. “You… you ran away from home because of us?” 
Estella nodded her head firmly before she started to write in her notebook again. She scribbled: 
Like. 
Roxanne was confused this time. 
Like? Like what? 
“You like us?” Archie guessed. 
Estella nodded again. 
Roxanne’s heart softened at Estella’s admission. 
This little girl is so sweet. Honestly, I really like her. Even though she is Lucian’s child with another 
woman, I can’t bring myself to hate such an obedient child after getting to know her for the past few 
days. However, it’s still too dangerous for her to do what she did. 
“Thank you for liking us, but it’s wrong for a child to run away from home. Your dad must be worried 
sick. Is it okay if I inform him?” After contemplating, Roxanne asked for Estella’s opinion softly. 
Even though I really don’t want to have any contact with Lucian, it’s a fact that his child is with me. As a 
parent, I knew he must be terribly worried. 
Estella cast her eyes downward, hiding the unwillingness that rose within her. 
Daddy is a big meanie. The beautiful Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny are all so good to me, but Daddy 
doesn’t let me talk to them. What am I going to do? Ms. Jarvis’ voice is so gentle. 
A few seconds later, Estella finally nodded obediently.
###Chapter 53
Chapter 53
Roxanne looked up Lucian’s number from her contact list. 
She had saved it only because she didn’t want to miss his call back when Estella had wandered off 
from home. 
It was now that the woman remembered she had saved his contact name as just “A.” 
After changing it to his actual name, Roxanne dialed the number. 
Lucian was about to head out and look for Estella on his own when his phone rang. 
Seeing the name on his screen, his eyes narrowed as he answered the call. 
“It’s me.” Roxanne’s voice came from across the line. 
Lucian scoffed internally at the thought of how she had escaped his previous antics. “What do you 
want?” he asked in the same frigid tone the woman used. 
Roxanne glanced at the little girl beside her. What’s with that tone? I would’ve hung up right away if it 
weren’t for the child! 
“Essie came looking for me first thing in the morning. Come and get her if you’re free. Or you can tell 
me your address, and I’ll take her there.” 
Upon hearing that, Lucian furrowed his brows slightly. “Give me your address.” 
“32, Durwest Garden.” 
The man hung up right after that. 
Roxanne breathed an internal sigh of relief as she watched her screen turn black. She turned toward 
the little girl standing beside her, saying, “Your daddy’s coming over to pick you up. Be a good girl and 
go home with him, okay?” 
Estella nodded but secretly began pondering over her next move. 
She had finally gotten the chance to be with this pretty lady and didn’t want to have to leave so soon. 
But Daddy’s on his way here. What should I do to be able to stay 
Unfortunately, Archie saw through her intentions immediately and crossed his arms. “Your daddy hates 
my mommy, so he’s definitely not going to let you stay. I suggest you give up on the idea.” 
Estella’s gaze darkened as she heard that. 
It’s true. Daddy doesn’t like her. He even argues with her in front of me. 
But I like Ms. Jarvis! 
The girl had left home early this morning just to see Roxanne. 
She didn’t know why, but she just liked this woman so much. 
The two hadn’t spent much time together, but Estella adored Roxanne so much more compared to 
Catalina, her everyday caretaker. 
That’s right! The child’s eyes lit up again. 
She had brought gifts for Roxanne and the two boys when she left home this morning. 
Remembering that, she swiftly jumped off the couch and rummaged through her little backpack. Then, 
she took out a tiny yet exquisite crystal ball and held it in front of Roxanne with two hands. 
The woman stared at her in puzzlement. 
Estella took another step forward while continuing to hold the gift, her eyes full of anticipation. 
Roxanne slowly took the crystal ball from her. “Is this… for me?” 
Estella nodded and wrote in her notebook: For you. I like you! 
Roxanne couldn’t help but laugh. “Thank you, Essie. I like you a lot too,” she responded, caressing the 
girl’s head. 
Archie and Benny hadn’t expected the little girl to bring gifts, and they, too, jumped off the couch. “You 
gave Mommy a gift? What about us? Do we get any too?” 
Estella nodded with a smile and dug around in her backpack again. Soon, she took out two racecar 
figurines and trotted over to the boys. 
Archie’s and Benny’s eyes twinkled instantly. 
They had always enjoyed playing with these since they were young, and Roxanne would often buy 
such toys for them. 
In fact, they had had their eyes on these two particular car models for a while now, but they hadn’t 
come up with a good reason to ask their mother to buy them. These figurines were also a little 
expensive. 
And yet, Estella had bought them. 
The boys could easily confirm that these figurines were genuine.
###Chapter 54
Chapter 54
Given how well-raised the boys were, they shook their heads despite liking the toys, knowing how 
expensive these things were. “We can’t accept these. They’re too expensive.” 
Estella tilted her head in confusion before placing the toys next to them and scribbling on her notebook 
again: For you. Thank. Help. 
Benny peered at her writing in bewilderment. 
She can’t write a complete sentence. What is she trying to say? 
Archie was initially perplexed as well, but realization quickly dawned on him. “Are you trying to say 
you’re thanking us for our help that day?” 
Nodding fervently, Estella put the book down and held the car figurines in front of them once more. 
Roxanne thought back to what her sons’ kindergarten teacher had told her about Archie and Benny 
having protected Estella. 
I remember the teacher mentioning it. What on earth could’ve happened between mere children, 
though? 
But judging from Essie’s behavior, whatever Archie and Benny did for her seems like a really big deal 
to her. 
“What happened that day?” Roxanne couldn’t help but ask. 
“Essie got hurt after another student pushed her,” explained Archie. “Benny and I got that student to 
apologize to Essie, and then we took Essie to the school nurse.” 
Roxanne nodded in enlightenment. 
“Can we accept these gifts, Mommy?” Archie felt sorry to see the little girl continue to hold the toys in 
her hand. 
Roxanne chuckled. “Okay. Give her something of yours in return.” 
The boys finally took the toy cars from Estella, not forgetting to express their gratitude. “Thanks, Essie! 
Wait for us here, okay? We’ll get you some gifts too!” 
Then, they scurried upstairs and began searching their room for something they could give the little girl
in return. 
Now, only Roxanne and Estella remained inside the living room. 
Seeing how obedient the girl looked. Roxanne couldn’t resist showing her concern. “Does your hand 
still hurt?” 
Upon hearing that, Estella walked toward Roxanne and raised her hand, showing the injury she had 
received that day. 
There was a visible bruise on the girl’s pale-colored hand, and that tugged at Roxanne’s heartstrings. 
The woman felt relieved only after examining the bruise closely and making sure there were no internal 
injuries. “Did you use any ointment?’ 
Estella stilled for a few seconds. Then, she shook her head innocently after seeing how worried 
Roxanne looked. 
That made Roxanne’s heart ache even more. 
There’s no way Lucian would’ve missed such an obvious bruise, but he didn’t give her any ointment? 
Then, the woman thought of how Estella would run away from home every now and then. 
Lucian, you’re a terrible excuse for a father! 
Not aware that she had inadvertently made her father look bad, Estella stared at the woman before her 
eagerly. 
If I told her I haven’t used any ointment, would she help me? 
Noticing the child’s gaze, Roxanne returned to her senses and ran her fingers over the bruise. “Wait for 
me here. I’ll be back with a medical kit,” she cooed. 
Estella nodded excitedly, her eyes sparkling. 
Roxanne’s heart melted at the sight, and she got up to retrieve a medical kit before carefully treating 
the girl’s bruise. 
The woman was a doctor, after all, so she would naturally be more careful and gentler. 
“Does it hurt?” she asked, rubbing some ointment on the girl while glancing at her in concern. 
Shaking her head, Estella gazed down at her hand, observing how Roxanne tended to her. 
Ms. Jarvis’ hands are so pretty too. 
And she’s so much gentler than Daddy. I don’t feel any pain at all. 
I like her even more now!
###Chapter 55
Chapter 55
After Roxanne was done tending to Estella, Archie and Benny returned downstairs while carrying 
Estella’s gifts. 
They each had a strange-looking stuffed toy in their hands and walked up to the little girl. “We bought 
these with our pocket money. You can have them.” 
The dolls looked adorable yet hideous at the same time and didn’t seem to suit Estella at all. 
However, this was the girl’s first time receiving gifts from peers her age whom she liked very much. 
Thus, she joyously accepted the stuffed toys and hugged them more tightly than she did her previous 
doll. 
After a long while, Estella finally put the toys down and scribbled a massive word of thanks on her 
notebook, showing her writing to Archie and Benny. 
This was the boys’ first time seeing her beam like that. 
They used to avoid her because she was a child their father had with another woman. 
But after they saw how adorable she looked, their hearts skipped a beat as they exchanged glances 
and scratched their heads sheepishly. 
She’s such a cute half-sister! 
I don’t want to hate her anymore. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne’s heart softened as she saw the three children interacting with each other. “Why 
don’t you play with Essie for a while?” she suggested to her sons while stroking Estella’s head. “I have 
to call the research institute and let them know I’ll only be heading over a bit later. I just applied some 
ointment on Essie’s hand, so be careful.” 
The boys nodded obediently. 
Then, Roxanne went upstairs to make the phone call. 
“Shall we play some Lego?” The boys didn’t know what girls enjoyed playing, so they could only invite 
her to play with their usual toys. 
Even so, a bright-eyed Estella readily nodded in agreement. 
I was right to come here today. I got to have Ms. Jarvis tend to my wound, and Archie and Benny are 
now asking me to play with them! 
Both Archie and Benny’s intelligence far exceeded that of a normal child, so Roxanne would buy them 
Legos for adults, which could usually be stacked into huge models. Their current project was about 
halfway done. 
“If you don’t know how to do this, you can watch us first,” Archie said kindly. 
Estella nodded and solemnly watched them connect several Lego bricks. It wasn’t long until she 
picked up a few pieces and began doing the same. 
Seeing that, Archie and Benny stopped and prepared to guide her, only to realize that the girl seemed 
to be catching on quickly, 
Soon, she began to match their speed – at a high level of accuracy too: 
The boys were dumbfounded momentarily. 
Their mother had bought them these because they were highly intelligent, but now, Estella was doing 
as well as they were. 
Is it because we share the same father? 
Just as astonishment filled them, the doorbell to the mansion suddenly rang. 
The boys glanced at one another as they thought of the same person. 
“I’ll go get the door. Keep Essie company,” Archie instructed while getting up and heading toward the 
entrance. 
He then opened the door to see a tall man dressed in an elegant suit – the man who was his father in 
name. 
“Hello,” Archie greeted politely, albeit with a hint of detachment. 
A frosty-looking Lucian had thought it was Roxanne who would open the door for him, and he frowned 
upon realizing it was a child. 
He must be Roxanne’s kid. 
For some reason, the boy seemed to harbor some feelings of enmity toward him. 
“Estella’s here with us. Come on in.” Archie shot the man a glance before turning around and walking 
back into the house coolly
###Chapter 56
Chapter 56
Lucian gathered his thoughts and followed Archie into the mansion. 
As soon as he entered, he spotted Estella sitting on the carpet with her full attention on the Lego bricks 
before her. There was also a little boy next to her who looked just like the one who had opened the 
door for him. 
Twins, huh? 
With a darkened gaze, Lucian looked away from the boys and scanned the rest of the living room 
instead. 
Roxanne was nowhere to be found. 
Vas 
“Your daddy’s here,” Archie called out to Estella coldly after walking back in, his once-friendly 
demeanor having vanished completely. 
Upon hearing that, Estella stopped whatever she was doing and glanced up at Lucian who stood not 
far from her. 
But right after seeing him, she retracted her gaze and began to write something in her notebook. 
Lucian and the boys stared at her. 
Both Archie and Benny were reluctant to see her leave, but now that her father had arrived, there was 
no reason for them to let her stay. 
Lucian’s browed knitted. He knew what the little girl was about to tell him. 
Soon, Estella raised her notebook. 
I don’t want to go home yet. 
As he had expected. 
The crease between Lucian’s brows deepened as his voice soon became laced with displeasure. 
“Estella Farwell, you left home without a word. Don’t you think you ought to give me an explanation? 
This is the second time you’ve run away from home this month. Why on earth did you do it?” 
Estella met his eyes stubbornly before looking down to scribble on her notebook again: I like Ms.
Jarvis. I like Archie and Benny. I want to be friends with them! 
A look of mockery flashed in Lucian’s eyes as he read that. “You like them, but have you ever asked 
them if they like you? You came running to their house like this and disrupted their lives. Don’t you 
know how rude that is?” he asked sternly. 
Estella pursed her lips and turned to the two boys carefully. 
She knew she would bother them by coming over early in the morning. 
But she couldn’t help it. She liked them so much, yet her father wouldn’t let her play with them. 
We’ve even already exchanged gifts, and they also invited me to play with them. Doesn’t that mean 
they like me too? 
Benny’s heart wavered as he saw the pleading look in Estella’s eyes. “She’s not bothering us,” he 
chimed in, putting down his Lego. “In fact, we were just playing Lego together until you showed up. It 
was a lot of fun!” 
Estella smiled upon hearing the way Benny stood up for her. Then, she turned back to her father 
furiously. 
Lucian appeared conflicted at the boy’s response. 
However, Archie quickly leaned over and gave his brother a nudge. 
Benny turned to the other boy in a daze, but he immediately came to a realization upon meeting the 
latter’s warning glance. 
Right! We can’t show this guy how much we like Essie! 
Remembering that, Benny hastily shut his mouth, using only his eyes to express his discontent. 
Lucian took notice of everything the boys had just done. 
Still, he didn’t know what they were thinking. Assuming he had frightened them, he fell silent for a 
moment before softening his expression. 
They might be another guy’s kids, but they’re still young. Lucian knew he shouldn’t take his annoyance 
out on the children. 
“In any case, the fact that Essie showed up at your door early in the morning must’ve caused you some 
trouble. Thank you for playing with her,” he tried his best to state calmly. 
The boys nodded icily in response. 
Then, the living room fell into silence. 
“Where’s your mommy?” Lucian asked in frustration a while later, rubbing his temples. 
Despite having a daughter, he wasn’t particularly good at interacting with children.
###Chapter 57
Chapter 57
The boys instantly grew wary at the mention of their mother. 
“Why are you asking about her?” Archie demanded, glaring at the man like a puppy that could strike 
anytime. 
He didn’t have much strength, but he was still adamant about putting on a vicious front: 
Noticing the boys’ hostility and caution, Lucian felt curious and amused at the same time but paid no 
attention to it. “Well, you all watched over Essie twice now, so it’s only natural that I give your mother a 
word of thanks.” 
Archie sighed internally as he heard that, but his expression remained tense. “There’s no need for that. 
My mommy’s in the middle of a phone call. She doesn’t need your thanks anyway.” 
Then, he dragged Benny back to the carpet and turned to Estella. “Your daddy’s here now, so you 
should go with him. My mommy will be leaving for work soon. She won’t have time to keep you 
company anymore.” 
Estella, who was initially still jubilant from how the boys backed her up, slowly returned to her senses 
after hearing that. Although she didn’t want to leave, she eventually nodded upon learning that 
Roxanne had to work. 
Archie remained on high alert ever since Lucian mentioned their mother. I don’t want him to see 
Mommy. 
Seeing the girl agree to go home, he quickly gave Benny a tug before kneeling down to keep all their 
Lego bricks. 
Lucian said nothing more, merely watching the three put the toys away. 
But the more he gazed at them, the weirder it felt. 
They’re all around the same height. 
Come to think of it, they’re also classmates in kindergarten.
That means they’re about the same age too. 
But taking the timeline into consideration, even if that woman were to birth these twins right after having 
Essie and getting divorced, the boys shouldn’t look too similar to Essie in age. 
Could it be… that it’s because they’re boys, so they grow faster? 
But she also put them in the same grade as Essie. Was that a coincidence too? 
A wave of doubt swept through Lucian. 
Unable to come up with an answer, he shifted his gaze from the three children and observed his 
surroundings nonchalantly. 
This was a rented building, but Roxanne had evidently taken the effort to decorate the place. 
Then, a neat and cozy setting entered Lucian’s line of sight. As he looked closer, he noticed that there 
were many areas adorned with photographs. 
With his focus now on the picture frames, the man walked over and glanced at them carefully. 
After a while, he frowned slightly. 
Every picture contained only Roxanne and the two boys. 
Despite the three of them smiling warmly, Lucian felt something was amiss. 
There’s no sign of the boys’ father in any of these pictures. 
Or was he the one who took all these pictures? 
But that can’t be. How could he not be in a single photo? 
Just as Lucian fell into thought, a flurry of rapid footsteps came from the stairs. 
That jolted the man back to reality, and he put the picture frame down before walking back to the 
carpet. 
A panic-stricken Roxanne quickly made her way down the stairs, her expression nothing but frantic.
###Chapter 58
Chapter 58
Roxanne had wanted to call the research institute just to mention that she would be heading there a 
little later today. 
Yet, the one who answered the phone was Colby, who proceeded to consult her on a project they were 
rushing the past two days. He had sought her help on some group data before she could even say 
anything 
As Roxanne delved into a long discussion with him, she eventually lost track of time. 
The woman only remembered to end the call after hearing Lucian’s voice coming from downstairs. 
That was when she quickly drew a conclusion, hung up, and hurried down the stairs. 
She had nearly forgotten that Lucian was showing up soon and that her two sons were still keeping 
Estella company downstairs. 
If Lucian were to see her boys… 
She instantly grew flustered at the thought. 
Alas, by the time she arrived downstairs to prevent both sides from meeting each other, it was already 
too late. 
As soon as she turned at the corner of the stairs, she saw the man standing next to the carpet, and the 
three children were almost done keeping their toys by now. 
Lucian turned around coldly after seemingly having heard her come down. 
Roxanne’s expression stiffened as their eyes met, but she squeezed her palms in an attempt to calm 
down before greeting the man casually, “You’re here.” 
Lucian nodded chillingly but kept his gaze on her. No one could tell what he was thinking deep down. 
Thinking that he had already figured out who the two boys were, Roxanne couldn’t hide her guilt. “So… 
are you going to take Essie home now, or…” 
She was terrified that Lucian might want to sit down and talk after finding out the boys’ origins. 
To her luck, the man merely thought she was hinting him to leave. “We’ll be leaving now. Don’t worry. I
won’t stay here much longer,” he replied glacially. 
Then, he turned to look at Estella, who was still slowly keeping the Lego bricks. “Are you done packing 
up? It’s time to go.” 
Estella had deliberately tried to keep her movements slow since she didn’t want to leave, but Archie 
and Benny were so quick that the area was now almost spotless. 
Upon hearing her father’s prompting, the little girl stood up reluctantly and gazed at Roxanne 
with tears in her eyes. 
Povonne’s chest tightened at the sight, but with Lucian here and whatever happened vesterdav. no 
words of comfort could come out of her mouth. 
“Thank Ms. Jarvis, then we’ll go home,” Lucian instructed frigidly. 
Estella’s expression softened more as she heard that, and she stared at Roxanne expectantly, hoping 
that the woman would invite her to drop by again next time. 
Yet, after all that waiting, she received not a single word of response. 
The girl looked down dejectedly. 
“Ms. Jarvis has to go to work. We shouldn’t bother her anymore,” Lucian urged. 
Estella finally picked up her notebook and began to write in it again. 
It seemed to take her a long time just to write “Thank you.” 
Yet, when she was done scribbling, she raised her notebook at Lucian instead. 
Daddy, can I come to see Ms. Jarvis again next time? I want to be friends with Archie and Benny. 
Everyone saw what she had written. 
Roxanne and her two boys felt sorry for her, but they dared not say anything due to Lucian’s sullen 
expression. 
Noticing their reactions and seeing how clingy his daughter was with them, Lucian gritted his teeth. 
“No.”
###Chapter 59
Given that it was Catalina who always tended to Estella, Lucian didn’t have much experience dealing with children and thought his daughter was throwing a fit.
A look of panic flashed in the man’s eyes as he saw the little girl weep, but ultimately, he glared at her sternly.
“Stop crying,” he ordered, thinking he didn’t sound harsh at all.
Yet, he sounded especially fierce in the child’s ears.
With that, Estella began to cry harder. Tears gushed down her ashen cheeks like a river escaping a dam as she broke into an uncontrollable sob.
Lucian’s brows creased at the sight. He didn’t know how to react.
Meanwhile, Roxanne couldn’t watch how cold the man was toward his weeping daughter any further.
“Is that how you treat a child? She’s already in tears, and you’re still talking to her like this? Can’t you just talk to her nicely?” This content is ? N?velDrama.Org.
Lucian froze at the woman’s sudden admonition.
Roxanne quickly strode over to Estella and knelt down to pull the little girl into her arms. “There, there, Essie. Don’t cry! You can come over to play whenever you like, okay? I’ll give you my number, so just let me know whenever you’re thinking of dropping by,” she assured tenderly. “Don’t cry anymore, okay? You won’t look pretty if you do.”
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny stood next to them with tissues in their hands. While coaxing Estella, Roxanne reached out for a piece of tissue and wiped the child’s tears.
The little girl slowly stopped crying and buried herself in Roxanne’s embrace.
Feeling her heart wrench, Roxanne held the child tightly and patted her on the back.
Archie and Benny were livid to see Estella having burst into tears like that, and they turned to Lucian indignantly.
“Why won’t you let Essie be friends with us?” Archie couldn’t help but question. “We’ve never been mean to her! For the past two times she ran away from home, my mommy’s the one who took care of her really well, and we’d play with her too. She has fun playing with us, and she likes us a lot, so why can’t she be friends with us? It’s not like we’re bad guys!”
Certainly not expecting to be reproached by two little boys, Lucian remained stone-faced, not knowing how to respond.
He didn’t want Estella to be friends with them just because he was being considerate, yet they were now blaming him instead.
“Essie doesn’t have many friends at school. Only Archie and I like her and let her hang around with us. When someone bullied her at school, we were the ones who helped her. If she can’t be friends with us, she’ll be all on her own! Is that what you want?” Even Benny couldn’t refrain from lashing out at Lucian.
The man felt extremely conflicted to be questioned like that.
Seeing him remain silent, the boys grew even more frustrated, thinking they had hit the nail on the head with their words.
After holding back for a while, Archie eventually said what was on his mind, “We protect her and play with her, but you’re being so skeptical about us. What kind of people do you think we are?”
Benny nodded in agreement, and the two stared at Lucian in disappointment.
This man was their father, but he had abandoned their mother before they were even born.
And now, on top of not liking them, he wouldn’t even let his daughter be friends with them.
###Chapter 60
Chapter 60
Lucian was taken aback by the two little boys’ angry reaction and knitted his brows. 
They outright reprimanded him, yet somehow, he felt sorry for Archie and Benny. He was even 
overwhelmed by a pang of guilt. 
Roxanne, who was carrying Estella in her arms, was dumbfounded when she heard what her two boys 
said. She, too, felt a prickly pain in her heart. 
Thank God they don’t know the man standing before them is their biological father. They might be even 
more upset if they knew the truth… 
After keeping quiet for a while, Lucian looked away apologetically. “I’m sorry, but I don’t see you two as 
bad guys. I feel it’s inappropriate for your mommy to be in contact with her ex-husband. Your daddy 
might get upset if he finds out about it.” 
Roxanne and the two boys froze for a moment when they heard that. 
Archie and Benny exchanged glances. Oh, right! Daddy doesn’t know our relationship with him yet! 
Benny spoke his mind. “It’s okay! We don’t have a daddy!” 
The remarks the two boys made kept rendering Roxanne nonplussed. She wanted to stop her 
youngest son from spilling the tea, but it was too late. 
She could only anxiously wait for Lucian’s response. 
The man’s eyes narrowed with suspicion. There’s something fishy about the things he said and the 
pictures. 
“What do you mean by you don’t have a daddy? Where’s he?” Lucian could not help but ask. 
Benny looked at the confused man and explained, “Daddy didn’t want us anymore. He abandoned 
Mommy, and he didn’t like us. We grew up living with Mommy, so we have not seen our daddy before.” 
Upon hearing that, Lucian frowned and gazed into Roxanne’s eyes. His eyes flickered with complicated 
emotions. 
So all these years, this woman raised these two kids single-handedly? 
He could not imagine the hardship they had to endure. 
Besides, the woman had such an impressive résumé when she was abroad. 
How on earth did she manage to juggle between the kids and her work? And how could that man 
abandon them just like this? Damn it! 
Roxanne noticed the man was overwhelmed with emotions. She could even predict what he was about 
to say next. 
Before he could say anything, however, Roxanne shut her eyes for a bit to conceal all her emotions 
and interrupted their conversation nonchalantly, “All right. Essie is not crying anymore, so it’s time for 
you to go home. I should get to work soon, too.” 
She then released the little girl and gently stroked her head. “Go home with your daddy, all right? You 
can always come and visit Archie and Benny next time.” 
Pleased with Roxanne’s assurance, the teary-eyed Estella broke into a smile and nodded before 
returning to her father. 
Lucian’s eyes darkened for a second. He decided not to ask further since it was clear that Roxanne did 
not want to continue the topic. 
As the little girl with red-rimmed eyes walked toward him, he rubbed her head quietly and toned down 
his voice. “Say goodbye to Ms. Jarvis.” 
Estella raised her hand and waved Roxanne and the two boys goodbye. 
The mother and sons responded with a hand wave. 
Lucian bobbed his head and said to Roxanne, “We’re gonna go now.” 
Before Roxanne could react, Lucian held Estella’s hand, turned around, and left.
###Chapter 61
Chapter 61
After watching Lucian’s car depart, Roxanne brought Archie and Benny back to the mansion. 
She squatted down and gave them a serious look. The two boys, too, looked at her as they knew their 
mother wanted to talk to them. 
“Archie, Benny, listen carefully. Don’t ever tell anyone about our family again-especially the fact that 
you don’t have a daddy!” Roxanne felt her head throbbing when she recalled the incident earlier. 
Thank God I managed to put a stop to their conversation. Given Lucian’s intelligence, the things the 
kids said would have aroused his suspicion. 
Archie and Benny looked perplexed. “Why not? It’s a fact that we didn’t have a daddy!” 
Roxanne’s head pounded even more intensely when she heard their reply. 
I can’t be telling these boys the real reason, can I? How can I tell them I’m afraid their biological father 
will come looking for them? 
After a short pause, Roxanne made up a story. “Because bad guys like kids who don’t have fathers. 
They know mothers are not strong enough to protect their children. What if they snatch you away?” 
The two geniuses exchanged glances. They thought the explanation was lame but decided to play 
along. “Okay, Mommy.” 
Roxanne sighed with relief. She got up, took her bag, and brought them to the research institute. 
Meanwhile, after leaving Roxanne’s house, Estella was still sulking though she was not crying 
anymore. Throughout the drive back, she pouted and looked at the view outside the window as if 
Lucian was not around. 
Feeling helpless, Lucian sighed and said in a deep voice, “Still mad at Daddy? I’m sorry, Essie. It’s all 
Daddy’s fault. I shouldn’t stop you from making friends, but you can’t simply run away from home all the 
time. Communicate with Daddy if you have a problem.” 
Estella tilted her head to look at him. Instead of looking out the window again, she lowered her head 
and stared at her tiny feet. 
Lucian sighed again. He reached out his hand and gently stroked her head. “Instead of writing, you
should try to speak. Writing might not accurately convey your emotions and can sometimes cause 
misunderstanding.” 
Estella shook her head and brushed his hand off. She hugged her notebook even more tightly and 
refused to put it aside. 
Upon seeing his daughter’s reaction, Lucian frowned and fell silent. 
All the years, everyone assumed Estella was a mute, and Lucian had never bothered to explain to the 
public. 
The little girl was not mute. In fact, she had learned to speak much earlier than peers her age. 
However, Estella was later diagnosed with autism, and she gradually stopped talking to anyone. That 
was why she preferred to write down her thoughts on paper. 
Even when she was with Lucian, she refused to speak. 
As years went by, Lucian learned to accept Estella for who she was. But deep in his heart, he still 
wished to hear his daughter speak again. 
The two boys said she doesn’t have many friends in kindergarten. I guess it’s because she doesn’t 
want to talk to anyone. 
Both of them stayed silent for the rest of their journey. 
Even after they had arrived at the manor, Estella got out of the car and walked in front. 
Lucian walked behind and entered the mansion right after her. 
“You’re finally home!” 
Lucian was a little bewildered when he heard his mother’s voice the moment he stepped into the 
house. 
He glanced at the living hall and saw his parents standing next to Aubree. They were all surrounding 
Estella, wearing joyful expressions on their faces.
###Chapter 62
Chapter 62
“Dad, Mom, what are you doing here?” Lucian frowned and asked. 
Sonya whined while inspecting her granddaughter, “I had to drag your dad over because I was so 
worried when I heard my baby girl went missing this morning. And why didn’t you tell me?” 
Lucian did not know how to answer her. 
“Essie, come. Tell Grandma where have you been?” Sonya was relieved that Estella came home in one 
piece. She hugged the girl and said, “How could you run away from home just like that? You’re still a 
little girl. Grandma is so worried about you. Don’t do this again anymore, okay?” 
Aubree echoed, “You can always talk to me if you’re upset. Don’t just run out of the house without 
telling us! Grandpa and Grandma were so worried about you. So was I! Had you not come home, I 
would have gone out to look for you!” 
Estella did not react much to Sonya’s hug and Aubree’s question, a frigid expression on her face. 
Knowing that this kind of atmosphere would make Estella uncomfortable, Lucian walked up to Sonya 
and took over the child. “Essie was just around the neighborhood. She’s a smart girl, so you don’t need 
to worry about her.” 
Estella flung her arms around Lucian’s neck and buried her head into the crook of his neck. 
Sonya’s heart ached for her granddaughter. She turned around and complained to Lucian, “You must 
have neglected Essie because you’re always busy with work! She wouldn’t have felt lonely had you 
married someone who could take good care of her. She wouldn’t have run away if someone was here 
to look after her!” 
Upon hearing that, Lucian knitted his brows. He knew Sonya was trying to press him to marry again. 
He immediately promised, “From now on, I’ll try to stay home to accompany her during weekends. I 
didn’t plan to go out today either, but an emergency cropped up, and I had to make a trip to the office.” 
Sonya knew he was trying to play dumb. Instead of beating around the bush, she asked directly, “I 
don’t want to play mind games with you anymore. When do you plan on marrying Aubree? She waited 
for you for six years, and you expect her to wait for another six years? Don’t you feel bad for her?” 
Aubree held onto Sonya’s arm and looked at Lucian with a faint smile as if she was anticipating a 
positive answer from him. 
That was why she invited Sonya and Elias over today, 
Vas 
He’ll have no choice but to talk about our wedding since his parents are here. 
Yet, the answer Lucian gave shattered her dream. 
“Mom, I’ve been busy lately, and you saw what happened to Essie. She has been quite emotional 
these days, often running away from home. Now is just not the right time for me to think about 
marriage.” 
Sonya looked up at Lucian with a scowl and advised him, “All the more reason for you to tie the knot 
with Aubree! Isn’t it better if she can help you take care of Essie? She has always regarded Essie as 
her own,” 
“Mom!” Lucian interrupted Sonya in a deep voice and reiterated, “I said this is not the right time, and I’ll 
always put Essie’s first before making any decision, so stop giving me pressure!” 
Aubree’s expression turned grim when she noticed the annoyance on his face. She stepped in to 
defuse the tension, saying, “It’s all right, Mrs. Farwell. I can wait. I believe Essie would one day accept 
me. We’ll give her more time.” 
Touched by Aubree’s remark, Sonya gently patted her hand to console her. What a gentle, affectionate 
child. I don’t understand why Lucian refused to marry her right away. 
Estella overheard their conversation and grimaced. I don’t want this evil woman to be my mommy!
###Chapter 63
Chapter 63
At noon both Elias and Sonya stayed at the manor for lunch. Aubree also made up an excuse and 
stayed. 
At the dining table, she put on an attentive act. Not only did she take soup and food for the couple 
every so often, but she even helped Estella peel prawns that she didn’t eat much herself. 
“Here, I remember that you love eating prawns, so I peeled them especially for you, Essie.” 
Aubree slid the plate of prawns she had peeled to Estella. 
Estella merely lifted her head and glanced at it. Then, she dipped her head again and continued eating 
the food in her bowl as though she didn’t see anything. 
Aubree’s hand was still on the plate, and the smile on her face stiffened slightly. 
Some time passed, but still, Estella didn’t touch that plate of prawns at all. 
“Essie, why are you not eating the prawns Ms. Pearson peeled especially for you. Besides, you didn’t 
even thank her,” Sonya chided. 
Estella turned a deaf ear to it and continued eating. 
Upon seeing that, Sonya frowned slightly, and her voice turned significantly harsher as she said, “Such 
behavior is exceedingly rude, Essie.” 
Stilling, Estella lifted her head, her eyes brimming with obstinacy. 
I just don’t want to eat anything from this evil woman! 
Beside her, Aubree hurriedly acted considerate and sensible when she saw that Sonya was standing 
up for her. “Don’t be angry, Mrs. Farwell. Perhaps Essie isn’t eating the prawns because she’s already 
full. Besides, she’s emotionally unstable in the first place. You’ll frighten her.” 
“What a considerate girl! I’ll rest easy with you taking care of her in the future,” Sonya lauded in 
gratification. 
Aubree cautiously shifted her gaze to Lucian with a somewhat forced smile on her face. 
Likewise, Sonya looked at her son, but her eyes were filled with recrimination. 
As Lucian met their gazes, his expression tensed, and he said to Aubree in a clipped voice, “Essie
doesn’t eat food from outsiders. You don’t need to try anymore.” 
When Aubree heard that, a flash of hurt flittered across her face, and she sheepishly took the plate of 
prawns back. 
Sonya wanted to smooth over their relationship upon seeing that Aubree was hurt. She turned and 
chastised her son, “This is all on you for pampering her.” 
Lucian remained indifferent. “Children should have some safety awareness in the first place. At 
the very least, she won’t simply eat food from strangers when she’s outside.” 
Sonya wanted to speak further, but Elias beside her gave a cough and seconded. “Lucian is right Essie 
likes to wander around these few days. No one can afford to take responsibility if she eats something 
she shouldn’t be eating outside.” 
Only then did Sonya relent. 
After lunch, Lucian still had work to handle, so he asked them about their plans. 
Regarding her granddaughter lovingly, Sonya remarked, “It’s been a long while since I last brought 
Essie out to shop. Essie, I’ll bring you out to buy some beautiful dresses!” 
Although she was dissatisfied with her son’s marriage, she still loved her granddaughter from the 
depths of her heart. Considering that her son was a man and would inevitably be negligent in that 
aspect, she would always bring Estella out to buy things favored by little girls every time she visited. 
Estella was just about to agree when Aubree came over. “I’ll go with you, Mrs. Farwell. I can also see 
what Essie likes.” 
“Sure!” Sonya agreed with a smile. 
Having said that, she reached out to take Estella’s hand, only to grasp empty air. 
Estella shook her head at her grandmother before writing in her notebook: I don’t want to go out today. 
I want to practice writing at home. 
I don’t want to be with this evil woman! 
Sonya didn’t force the issue. 
Elias led his granddaughter to the couch for a seat. “Here, I’ll teach you. Tell me what word you’d like to 
practice today.” 
Recalling the names of the two boys she glimpsed written on their books when she was in 
kindergarten, Estella wrote “Archie” and “Benny” in her notebook. 
At that, puzzlement inundated Elias. “Why do you suddenly want to practice writing these two words?” 
After all, those two words weren’t common nouns, and he couldn’t think of any special meaning to 
them. 
Shaking her head, Estella tugged at her grandfather’s sleeve, imploring him to teach her.
###Chapter 64
Chapter 64
Elise didn’t pursue the matter further. Since Estella wanted to learn those two words, he decided to 
teach her. 
They both had the housekeeper bring a pencil and paper, then started practicing writing at the dining 
table in the dining room, 
Seeing that his father was taking care of Estella, Lucian excused himself and went upstairs to his study. 
Meanwhile, Aubree was seething. 
She could tell that Estella was evidently trying to keep her distance from her. The latter had been 
turning her down in front of the Farwells. 
If this continues, Mr. and Mrs. Farwell will definitely notice something amiss! No, I’ve got to find an 
opportunity and teach that brat a lesson so that she’ll behave! 
Because of Estella’s sudden visit, it was almost ten o’clock when Roxanne arrived at the research 
institute with Archie and Benny. 
After settling them in her office, she started working without delay. 
The data Colby proposed hadn’t been processed, so he sought her out right away upon learning that 
she had arrived. 
The two of them proceeded to devote themselves wholly to work. 
It wasn’t until it was time to get off work in the evening that they came to a conclusion at long last. 
Stretching, Roxanne caught sight of her two sons who were studying something or other on their 
laptops. “Archie, Benny, we can go home now,” she called out gently. 
Hearing that, Archie and Benny lifted their eyes from behind the laptops and nodded docilely. They put 
the laptops down and got up from the couch. 
Colby glanced at the time before suggesting with a smile, “It’s just dinner time now. You’ve done me a 
great favor today, so how about me treating you and the kids to a meal?” 
Roxanne was stunned for a moment. She turned to her sons to seek their opinions. 
Archie and Benny exchanged a look, understanding dawning upon both of them. 
Well, it’s clear as day that Mr. Galloway wants to pursue Mommy. 
Having observed the man for a day, they felt that Colby was indeed very much outstanding. In terms of 
career, at the very least, he had common topics with Roxanne. On top of that, his looks were also 
passable. 
For some inexplicable reason, however, only their father’s countenance flashed across their 
minds whenever they imagined a man with their mother. 
How strange. We’ve never seen Mommy and Daddy standing side by side, but we instinctively feel that 
Daddy is the only one who’s worthy of standing by Mommy’s side. Therefore, it’s best that we keep a 
distance from Mr. Galloway! 
“Thank you, Mr. Galloway, but my mommy already has a date tonight. So, it’s okay,” Archie declined 
politely. 
Colby looked at Roxanne in mystification. 
Throughout the day, he hadn’t heard her mentioning about a date that night. 
Roxanne swept a gaze over Archie and Benny. While she couldn’t fathom why they lied, she still went 
along with them. “I have a dinner date with my best friend tonight. I’ll take a rain check.” 
At that, Colby flashed her a warm smile. “I’m all muddled from work that I forgot to ask whether you 
have plans later. In that case, I’ll head off first.” 
After saying that, he bid Archie and Benny farewell before spinning on his heel and leaving. 
When they left the research institute, Roxanne eyed Archie and Benny questioningly with her brows 
slightly furrowed. “Why did you lie earlier? Do you not like Mr. Galloway?” 
In response, Archie and Benny shook their heads solemnly. “We were helping you turn a suitor down.” 
Roxanne was torn between exasperation and amusement at the sight of their earnest expressions. 
“Regardless of the reason, you can’t simply lie in the future.” 
The two boys nodded obediently. 
Benny leaned close to her with a grin. “We feel that Mr. Galloway is indeed pretty good, but you can still 
choose for a bit, Mommy. There’s no need to rush. Archie and I aren’t in a hurry to have a daddy 
anyway.” 
Roxanne inexorably burst into giggles. “Choose? Do you think it’s the same as choosing groceries at 
the supermarket?”
###Chapter 65
Chapter 65
Roxanne wasn’t familiar with the restaurants nearby, so she asked Madilyn to recommend her a place 
and brought Archie and Benny there directly. 
As they were eating, she received a text from Jonathan that read: Is treatment needed tonight, Dr. 
Jarvis? 
Only then did Roxanne remember that she didn’t explain the treatment process to him. She replied: Old 
Mr. Queen is still a little weak, so treatment can’t be conducted so frequently. He has already 
undergone treatment twice consecutively. Let him rest for a day. I’ll come over tomorrow. Sorry, I forgot 
to tell you about it. 
In no time, Jonathan texted back: Okay. I’ll be waiting for you anytime. 
When Archie and Benny noticed that their mother was texting during dinner, they asked curiously, “Is 
something the matter, Mommy?” 
Smiling, Roxanne took some food for them both. “No, the patient the other day was asking me if I’m 
going over.” 
Upon hearing that, the two boys nodded sensibly. “You’ve worked hard, so eat more, Mommy.” 
Roxanne’s heart melted at the sight of their attentiveness. 
Dinner was a delightful affair. 
After they finished eating, Roxanne brought Archie and Benny to the counter to settle the bill. 
No sooner had she reached the counter than she spotted two people heading toward them. 
Holding each other’s arms intimately, Aubree and Frieda walked into the restaurant while chatting and 
laughing. 
Unbidden, Roxanne slowed her pace and scanned her surroundings, wishing to head into the crowd to 
avoid them both as they had always been hostile toward her. 
Aubree had a long-standing grudge against her. In fact, the woman had even joined forces with all the 
medicinal herb suppliers in Horington to boycott her research institute. 
Frieda, on the other hand, merely looked down upon her medical skills and mocked her time and again. 
Judging from the look of things, they clearly had a close relationship. 
Roxanne had no doubt that Frieda would team up with Aubree to revile her. 
WC 
In normal circumstances, she might have ignored their presence and walk right past them. 
But with Archie and Benny tagging along right then, she didn’t want to have a row with them in front of 
her sons. 
Just when she was about to take a detour with Archie and Benny, Frieda’s mocking voice sounded 
from afar. 
“Hey, what a coincidence, Dr. Jarvis! Are you also here for dinner?” 
Roxanne’s brows creased slightly, but she planned to ignore her. 
Alas, the two boys thought that she didn’t hear it and tugged on her sleeve. “Someone is calling you, 
Mommy. 
Left with no other choice, Roxanne could only halt in her tracks. She turned around and met Frieda’s 
gaze calmly. “Indeed, it’s very much a coincidence. But I’ve already finished eating, so I’ll leave you 
both to it. Please excuse me.” 
After saying that, she proceeded to lead Archie and Benny past them to pay the bill. 
Frowning, Aubree asked Frieda, “You two are acquainted?” 
In response, Frieda nodded. Sweeping a gaze over the trio who had almost reached them, she 
declared in a disdainful voice, “Don’t say that. I’m too lowly to be acquainted with Dr. Jarvis when her 
medical skills are so superb. So many people are helpless in the face of my grandfather’s illness, but 
she only jabbed a few needles into him before he regained consciousness. My brother now holds her in 
high regard, so much so that her status is far higher than mine.” 
As soon as Aubree heard that, her expression changed imperceptibly. “What did you just say? Why did 
you all hire her to treat Old Mr. Queen?” 
“We didn’t do so. She was the one who came knocking on our door. As for the reason, I reckon she 
took an interest in my family’s medicinal herbs. After all, my brother signed a contract with her the 
instant my grandfather regained consciousness,” Frieda sneered. 
When she finished saying that, she shot a hateful glare at Roxanne. “She doesn’t even know her place. 
My brother merely mentioned it in passing, and she agreed right away. The contract is now signed, so 
she’ll be dead if anything happens to my grandfather!”
###Chapter 66
Chapter 66
When Aubree heard Frieda’s answer, a mixture of emotions brewed in her eyes. 
Having been turned down by Lucian previously and suddenly learning that Roxanne had returned to 
the country, she didn’t dare wait anymore. In the past few days, she had been doing everything 
possible to have an identity linking her to the man. 
Early that morning, she had purposely asked Elias and Sonya to persuade Lucian. She had thought he 
would listen to his parents and change his mind, yet again she had hit a brick wall and even had to put 
up with Estella for the entire day. 
With the couple there, she didn’t dare throw a tantrum either. 
Enraged at the end of the day, she had asked Frieda out to shop in a bid to dissipate her anger. 
However, never had she expected to hear such news. 
Countless renowned doctors were helpless in the face of Old Mr. Queen’s condition, yet Roxanne 
managed to cure him. That aside, Jonathan even signed a contract with her, promising to supply 
medicinal herbs to the research institute at half the price! In that case, haven’t my efforts of urging the 
medicinal herbs suppliers in Horington to boycott her research institute been in vain? 
At that line of thought, Aubree’s gaze turned chilly. “Didn’t I arrange for a medical team to treat Old Mr. 
Queen? Were they not effective? Why was she allowed to take over his treatment?” 
While saying that, she glanced at the woman who was meters away from her with fury blazing within 
her. 
I’ve gone to such lengths, but she still managed to find a medicinal herb supplier in Horington! She 
must have laughed at me behind my back! 
Frieda was startled for a moment before she hesitantly replied, “It’s not that. The medical team you 
arranged was unquestionably effective, but she came knocking on our door and convinced my brother. 
Besides, Grandpa’s condition has indeed improved following her treatment. For that reason, my brother 
has decided that she’d be in charge henceforth.” 
With things having come to this, nothing I say will be of use. 
Aubree snorted inwardly, but her expression remained as courteous as ever. She said to Roxanne, “I 
didn’t know that you even have such capabilities, Ms. Jarvis, that even a professional medical team 
can’t compare to you alone.” 
Swiping a finger across the screen of her phone, Roxanne retorted indifferently, “There are many more 
things you don’t know. Why, are you still planning to sabotage me further after learning that I signed a 
contract with the Queen family?” 
Aubree’s gaze abruptly darkened. Despite that, she sounded very much innocent when she said, “What 
did you mean by that? I’m thankful that you cured Old Mr. Queen, so how could I possibly sabotage 
you?” 
Not in the mood to play along with her, Roxanne answered directly, “I’m sure you know full well 
what I meant by that. Also, I don’t care if you still want to sabotage me further.” 
Aubree’s face darkened frightfully. She didn’t reply immediately. 
Beside her, Frieda cautiously interjected upon seeing the two of them at each other’s throats. “Aubree, 
are you both… acquainted?” 
At that, Aubrce sneered and no longer masked her hostility toward Roxanne. “Not only are we 
acquainted, but you can also say that fate binds us together tightly.” 
After saying that, she turned to Roxanne and drawled provocatively, “Don’t you agree, Ms. Jarvis?” 
Roxanne had just finished paying when she heard that. Lifting her eyes, she swept her gaze over the 
two women in front of her. “I’m afraid I don’t dare agree with that, Ms. Pearson. I’m not really that close 
with you, so please don’t make such a statement again in the future. It troubles me a lot.” 
Aubree’s expression stiffened, and rage blazed in her eyes. 
“It’s getting late. Hurry up and go into the restaurant. I’ll leave you both to enjoy your meal.” 
Roxanne then inclined her head at them impassionately and walked past them with Archie and Benny, 
leaving the restaurant without a backward glance.
###Chapter 67
Chapter 67
Aubree and Frieda watched as Roxanne’s figure disappeared from the door. Then, they went over to a 
window seat and sat down. 
“Aubree. what exactly is your deal with that Dr. Jarvis? You seem to know each other, but your 
relationship isn’t that great?” Frieda queried cautiously with her eyes pinned on the woman across from 
her. 
Aubree was so livid that she had steam coming out of her ears. “How could our relationship be great? 
Roxanne Jarvis is Lucian’s ex-wife!” 
If it weren’t for her, my marriage to Lucian would’ve been a sure thing ages ago! 
Shock flooded Frieda when she heard that. “She’s Lucian’s ex-wife?” 
It was no secret within their circle that Lucian was once married six years ago, especially among them 
who grew up with him. 
However, they had also thought that Aubree would be the man’s future wife until he got married out of 
the blue. 
His spouse had never appeared before them, and he had rarely mentioned her outside. 
Hence, no one knew that woman’s identity even after they divorced. 
I never expected it to be her. 
The scene whereby Lucian and Roxanne met that night played in Frieda’s mind. 
10 
Back then, I naively found it strange that Lucian targeted that woman for no reason yet insisted that I 
apologize to her. It turns out that such is their relationship. 
At that thought, she belatedly lamented, “No wonder Lucian defended her that day.” 
Sharply catching that remark, Aubree demanded coldly, “What are you saying? Lucian defended her? 
What was that about?” 
Recalling the events that night, Frieda wore an expression of sheer disgruntlement and promptly 
griped, “It was the night she came knocking on our door, requesting to treat Grandpa. I merely made a
few skeptical remarks about her since she looks so young and no one knows whether she really has 
such capabilities, but both Lucian and Essie asked me to apologize to her!” 
When Aubree heard that, her heart sank at once. 
I went to great lengths to guard against her because I was afraid that Lucian would meet her and even 
did everything possible to have him change his mind and firm up our marriage. But little did I know that 
they had actually met without my knowledge! Worse still, Essie knows her and even spoke up for her. 
Furthermore, judging from Lucian’s character, the fact that he stood up for her means that he isn’t 
averse to her! 
Panic inexorably deluged Aubree. 
No, this can’t be happening. She appeared out of nowhere six years ago and snatched Lucian away 
from me, but this time, I’ll never allow her to mess up my plans again! 
After leaving the restaurant, Roxanne got into the car with the iwo boys and headed home straight 
away. 
Archie and Benny were still pondering about the incident earlier. 
Although they couldn’t find any fault with the two women’s words, they could distinctly sense their 
hostility toward their mother and that their mother seemed to be mad as well. 
The two of them exchanged a glance, both feeling rather vexed. 
“Who were those two people earlier, Mommy?” Archie asked with a tense expression. 
“One of them is a family member of my patient. The other one is probably… Essie’s mother,” Roxanne 
answered. 
Right after she said that, a strange feeling inexplicably welled up within her. 
Hearing that, Archie and Benny curled their lips in disdain. 
Hmph! So it was because of that woman that Daddy abandoned Mommy and didn’t want us anymore. 
How could she compare to Mommy?
###Chapter 68
Chapter 68
Archie and Benny proceeded to compare Aubree with Roxanne from head to toe. In the end. they felt 
that she was all too far beneath their mother. 
Daddy actually abandoned Mommy for that woman? How blind of him! 
After inwardly disdaining him for a while, Archie suddenly remembered the conversation in the 
restaurant earlier. He leaned close to Roxanne and inquired, “Mommy, what did you mean when you 
said that the woman sabotaged you just now? Did she pick on you?” 
Roxanne didn’t want to involve her two sons in the mess, so she denied it casually, “It’s nothing. It was 
just a work issue, and it has been resolved.” 
No sooner had she said that than Archie’s determined voice rang out beside her ear. 
“She did pick on you, then! What happened exactly? Hurry up and tell us, Mommy!” The boy’s petite 
face was stretched taut, and he frowned in an adult-like manner. 
“Didn’t we promise each other that there can be no secrets between us, Mommy? You can’t lie to us!” 
Benny seconded. 
Roxanne’s brows knitted together in exasperation. 
She had almost forgotten that Archie and Benny were different from other children. Their intelligence 
quotient was ridiculously high. 
In the face of their interrogative gazes, Roxanne finally broke down and told them about Aubree 
teaming up with the medicinal herb suppliers in Horington to boycott their research institute. 
Upon hearing that she actually picked on their mother, Archie and Benny were so furious that their 
hands balled into fists. “That woman is simply too evil!” 
“Everything’s fine now, so don’t do anything rash,” Roxanne urged. 
Archie and Benny nodded docilely, but inwardly, they raged. 
Once they were home, they seized the opportunity while Roxanne was bathing to sneak into the study. 
Archie whispered something or other into his brother’s ear mysteriously. In the next heartbeat, Benny’s 
eyes lit up. He turned on his laptop, his fingers flying across the keyboard. Shortly after, he hacked into
Pearson Group’s system. 
When Roxanne came out after her bath, Archie and Benny had already slipped into bed innocently. 
They gazed at her with bright eyes, imploring her to tell them a bedtime story. 
Early the next morning, Aubree was awakened by the ringing of her phone. 
Displeasure was written all over her face. 
Infuriated after learning that Lucian had met Roxanne last night, she had gone to bed very late. 
Thus, she was furious about being awakened carly in the morning then. 
“What is it?” Her voice brimmed with impatience when she answered the call. 
On the other end of the phone, Charles sounded exceedingly frantic. “Ms. Pearson, come to the office 
quickly! There’s a huge problem with the company’s system!” 
The instant Aubree heard that, she jolted awake. Getting out of bed, she washed up for a bit before 
rushing to the office. 
Only when she arrived at the office did she discover that the entire company’s system was down. All 
the employees were standing at the side with peculiar expressions on their faces, whereas those from 
the technical department were trying to fix things. 
No one knew the origin of the virus, but no matter what method they employed, they couldn’t resolve it. 
When Aubree turned up, all the employees at the side lowered their heads in unison as though 
concealing something. 
Meanwhile, the employees from the technical department wore grim expressions. 
“What’s going on? What use is the lot of you when you can’t resolve things even after so long?” 
Aubree strode right over to the computers. As soon as she saw the picture on the screen, her face 
flushed bright red with fury. 
Two cartoon characters were fighting on the screen. 
Precisely speaking, one of them was pummeling the other. 
The character taking a beating had Aubree’s name written on her face and the words “evil woman” 
printed clearly on her shirt. 
Next to the character dishing out the beating was a speech bubble with the phrase, “Let’s pummel the
evil woman!” 
It was clear as day that the person behind the virus was targeting her.
###Chapter 69
Chapter 69
Aubre looked up and glanced around the area to find all the computer screens within her sight had the 
same image. 
The sight made her tremble. 
When the employees saw that she had seen the image on the screen, they tiptoed around her and did 
not even dare to breathe loudly. 
Some who were curious to see Aubree’s reaction immediately retracted their gazes after meeting her 
furious eyes. 
Aubree swept a gaze across everyone. She then named a few people through gritted teeth and 
instructed Charles to dismiss them right away. After that, she returned and scolded the employees of 
the technical department, “Is this how you work? How could the company’s system be simply hacked 
by someone? Besides, so much time has passed, yet none of you solved this. Did I spend this much 
money to hire all of you to humiliate the company like this? If you can’t resolve this, then get lost!” 
The employees had known how nasty Aubree’s temper was and had prepared themselves mentally to 
be scolded by her. 
Hence, they could only seethe in silence as she lashed out at them. 
Right then, the manager of the technical department mustered his courage and stepped out to explain, 
“Ms. Pearson, this virus is really powerful. It has to be created by a famous hacker, at the very least. 
We… need more time to crack this.” 
Aubree shot him a glare. “Settle this as fast as possible! Otherwise, you can pack your things and get 
lost with them!” 
The manager hurriedly nodded in reply and urged his subordinates to get working. 
All the employees were suffering. 
Aubree’s face turned purple with rage as she stared at the two figures on the screen and silently 
clenched her fists. 
How dare this person humiliate me? They’d better not let me find out who they are, or I’ll make their life
a living hell. 
Early that morning, Roxanne was about to send Archie and Benny to school when she saw Benny 
walking out of the room while clutching his stomach. 
Worried, Roxanne stepped forward to examine him. “What’s wrong?” 
Benny’s face contorted in pain as he said, “Mommy, my stomach hurts. Can I not go to school today?” 
As soon as he finished, Archie, too, walked out of the room and looked at Roxanne, saying, “Mommy, 
my stomach’s not feeling well, too.” 
Seeing that, Roxanne frowned. “Maybe both of you ate something bad last night. Go in and get some 
rest. I’ll give your teacher a call.” 
Archie and Benny nodded. 
When they saw Roxanne leave, their eyes glinted with mischief. 
Roxanne was not the slightest bit suspicious of the boys. 
After all, they had always been obedient children who never showed any signs of aversion toward 
kindergarten. Naturally, they would not pretend to be sick to avoid school. 
After ending the call, Roxanne brought the boys some warm water and indigestion pills. 
The children did everything they were told. 
Roxanne had wanted to go to the research institute. However, she chose to work from home in the end 
since the children were unwell. 
After settling Archie and Benny, Roxanne got up and went into the study. 
When the boys heard the study door shut, they were instantly in high spirits and they no longer showed 
signs of exhaustion from earlier. 
Benny switched on the laptop on his bed, smiling happily when he saw that his virus had not been 
cracked. 
“That evil woman must be at the office at this time,” Archie said with certainty while looking at the time. 
Benny snorted smugly. “Then she must’ve seen my animation. I bet she’s mad.” 
The thought of the evil woman stomping her feet in anger gave them a rush of joy.
###Chapter 70
Chapter 70
“She’s got to pay the price for bullying Mommy.” Archie snorted coolly, 
Benny nodded vehemently and started typing on the keyboard again. 
Archie was confused. “What are you doing?” 
Feeling excited, Benny explained, “Their technical team is too weak. My virus is so simple, yet they 
can’t crack it till now. In that case, I’ll increase the difficulty and make that evil woman angrier.” 
Hearing that, Archie nodded to express his agreement. “It’s best if they can’t crack it. That way, more 
people will laugh at her. Let’s see if she still dares to bully Mommy in the future.” 
With that, the boys poured their attention to the laptop. 
Suddenly, a series of footsteps could be heard near the door. 
Archie, who had sharp senses, heard the sounds outside and gave Benny a nudge. 
Benny quickly finished coding and shoved the laptop to Archie. 
When Roxanne entered the room, she saw Archie hugging the laptop and Benny sprawling on the bed, 
looking at the screen curiously. 
“Aren’t you two feeling unwell? Why are you using the laptop instead of resting?” Roxanne frowned as 
she sat beside the boys. “Come here. Let me take a look at you again.” 
Archie’s and Benny’s hearts tightened when they heard those words. 
Mommy’s got incredible skills. If she examines us, we’ll definitely be exposed. Then, everything we did 
in secret will be exposed, too. 
Roxanne reached out to hold Benny’s hand, but he avoided it. 
“What’s wrong?” Roxanne gazed at him, perplexed. 
Benny grabbed his wrist warily. Not knowing how to react, he turned to Archie for help. 
Archie, on the other hand, was much calmer. He extended his hand toward Roxanne and said, 
“Actually, I feel much better after having the medicine. But you can still check on us again if you’re 
worried.” 
Roxanne’s attention was successfully captured by him, and she proceeded to examine him. After
confirming there was nothing wrong with Archie’s body, she turned to look at Benny. 
She remembered that Benny’s symptoms were more severe just now. 
Having witnessed Archie’s method. Benny came to his senses and scuttled toward Roxanne with a 
grin. “Mommy, I’m feeling much better, too! The medicine you gave us is really incredible! You’re the 
best doctor in the world. Archie and I really admire you. We love you the most!” 
Amused, Roxanne shook her head. After examining them and seeing that the boys were fine, she let 
out a sigh of relief. At the same time, she felt that something was amiss. 
“But I’m still not feeling well,” Benny said seriously. 
Roxanne’s heart lurched when she heard that, and she studied him concernedly. 
To her surprise, she heard the boy saying sweetly, “I need your hug to feel better.” 
Right after he said that, a soft, chubby body pounced on her. 
Roxanne brought him into her embrace with a smile, and the cloud of doubt above her head dissipated. 
As she hugged Benny, she glanced at the laptop screen. “Archie, what are you doing there?” 
When she was occupied with Benny, Archie had seized the opportunity to change the browser page. 
Looking as if nothing had happened earlier, Archie met Roxanne’s gaze. “I’m studying the trend of 
today’s stocks. I invested in some foreign companies and earned some money.” 
“Archie earned over fifty million!” Benny looked prouder than Archie himself. 
When Roxanne heard the amount, she could not help but feel astounded. “That much? Archie, you’re 
incredible!” 
Benny asked playfully, “What about me? What about me?” 
Roxanne smiled. “Your computer skills are great, too. Both of you are incredible. I love you two so 
much!” 
Then she planted a kiss on their foreheads. 
The boys grinned innocently.
###Chapter 71
Chapter 71
Meanwhile, everyone in Pearson Group had been working nonstop because of the virus. 
Aubree had been hanging around in the technical department. Every now and then, she would spew 
some insults. 
“Mr. Pearson.” Charles’ voice rang out beside her ears. 
Hearing that, Aubree quickly composed herself and lowered her eyes. “Dad, why are you here?” she 
greeted the person who had just entered. 
Samuel Pearson had a serious look on his square face. “What’s going on? Are you guys still not done 
with the virus?” 
The manager of the technical department, who had been scolded by Aubree the entire morning, was 
drenched in a cold sweat. He nodded while bending over, apologizing, “Mr. Pearson, we’ve really done 
our best, but this virus is just too powerful. Every time we’re close to cracking it, another difficult 
problem will appear. It’s like a never-ending,” 
“So you’re saying you can’t solve it?” Samuel questioned, frowning. 
The manager nodded guiltily. 
“Idiots!” Samuel roared. He then turned around to look at his daughter. “In that case, we can only 
contact Lucian’s company right away and ask if they have any solutions.” 
Farwell Group had many talented employees, and their network system was the best in the world. On 
top of that, they had the world’s second-best computer genius working for them. 
If Farwell Group, too, could not solve Pearson Group’s problem, then the company was done for: 
“No way!” Aubree rejected it instantly and glanced at the image on the screen with a scowl. 
If we get someone from Farwell Group to solve this, then Lucian will definitely see this. I’d be utterly 
humiliated if that happened. 
Samuel lectured coldly, “If you’re worried about being humiliated, then why did you mess with people 
without knowing their background? And now, they’re getting back at you. Do you know how much our 
company will lose if this isn’t dealt with right now? Which one is more important now? Your reputation
or the company?” 
Aubree bit her lip. In the end, she had no choice but to give in. 
Samuel shot her a glare and dialed Lucian’s number, asking the latter to send some men over to solve 
the problem. 
Upon receiving the news, Lucian merely asked Cayden to pick someone randomly from the technical 
department and send him to Pearson Group. 
The employee sent by Lucian was clearly more skilled than the ones at Pearson Group. 
The employees of Pearson Group were powerless against the virus for the entire morning, yet Lucian’s 
employee took only one glance before he started tapping away on the keyboard. 
Those who were in the same industry could easily see that the virus had almost been cracked by 
Farwell Group’s employee. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne returned to the study after making sure that Archie and Benny were fine. 
Archie returned his gaze to the laptop screen and studied the stock prices. 
After he studied it for some time, a series of codes appeared on the screen. 
“Benny, look!” Archie immediately called out to Benny. 
Benny’s eyes lit up when he saw the codes that popped on the screen. 
It was a program he had designed. When someone had cracked the core sequence of the virus, the 
window would automatically pop up. 
I thought this virus wouldn’t be cracked today. Looks like the other party is a professional. 
Benny got more excited at that thought. He took the laptop from Archie and started tapping away on 
the keyboard, battling against the person on the other side. 
Half an hour later, Benny stopped typing. 
“What is it?” Archie asked in puzzlement. 
Benny smiled excitedly. “It’s been craoked.” 
Hearing that, Archie looked at his brother strangely. “Why are you still smiling so happily?” 
Benny nodded indifferently. “That person is really incredible. That fight with him just now was quite 
interesting. But I’m sure he’s not from Pearson Group. He’s way stronger than those idiots.”
###Chapter 72
Though Archie was not as skilled as Benny in terms of technology, he understood what was going on.
Pearson Group made zero progress the entire morning. Now that Benny has lost all of a sudden, surely the opponent is an expert, and they are not someone from Pearson Group. The whole morning should be enough for Pearson Group to seek help from someone else
“It might be… someone from Farwell Group.” That was the only possible answer Archie could think of.
Farwell Group’s technical team is well known for being excellent at their job. Besides, if that woman is really Essie’s mommy, there’s no reason for Pearson Group not to get help from Farwell Group.
Upon hearing that, Benny frowned and pursed his lips. He was furious.
Though he knew that the woman was Estella’s mother, she was also the woman who bullied his mother. He could not believe that Lucian had helped Aubree.
No way. I must teach them a lesson.
At that thought, Benny picked up the laptop again, looking serious, his fingers gliding across the keyboard.
At the same time, the employees of the technical department of Pearson Group stood at their supervisor’s workstation and watched the genius at work.
All they saw were the series of codes constantly appearing on the screen. It did not take long for the cartoon on the computer screens to disappear one by one.
SCIee.“Is it done?” Aubree stood up excitedly. The moment she wanted to thank her savior, the latter’s expression stiffened.
Aubree’s heart, too, sank instantly.
“It is, supposedly. But,” The person frowned, and he watched a code appearing automatically on the screen.
It was simpler than the virus earlier.
A row of words appeared, which read: Are you from Farwell Group?
The hacker is actually talking to me.
The employee hesitated for a moment before replying: Yes.
A series of codes appeared on the screen again. It wrote: How dare you help that evil woman? I’m angry now!
Immediately after that, the conversation on the screen disappeared and was replaced by an attack
more complicated than the virus just now.
What’s going on? Who exactly is this?” Aubree’s face turned purple with rage after she read their conversation.
Caught off guard by the attack, the employee ignored her and started battling the hacker,
However, he could not help but feel that something was off with the conversation earlier.
The hacker has incredible skills, but they sounded a little childish…
In the afternoon, seeing that the person he sent had yet to return to the company, Cayden asked hesitantly, “Mr. Farwell, the person we sent to Pearson Group isn’t back yet. Should we send another person over?”
“We’ll wait for the people from Pearson Group to come to us first,” Lucian said calmly.
After all, every time Pearson Group made a request would mean that they owed Lucian a favor.
Cayden hummed in response and changed the topic. “The executive meeting in the afternoon will be starting in ten minutes. Would you like to go over now?”
Lucian nodded and went to the conference room, with Cayden following closely behind him.
Along the way, Cayden noticed Lucian occasionally taking his phone out to glance at it.
In fact, Lucian, who rarely placed his phone beside him during meetings, had been glancing at his phone from the corner of his eye during the meeting.
Cayden was perplexed, but he held back his curiosity until the meeting ended.
“Mr. Farwell, do you have anything important happening today?” he asked cautiously.
As soon as he finished his sentence, he saw Lucian furrow his brows and look rather annoyed.
“No,” Lucian answered coldly.
He whipped out his phone and glanced at the screen again. Still, there were no incoming calls.
Seeing that, Lucian put his phone away, his heart filled with displeasure.
###Chapter 73
Chapter 73
Lucian waited until the evening. Yet, he did not receive any calls from Roxanne. 
He suppressed his displeasure and rushed to the kindergarten to pick Estella up. 
I should be able to find out what’s going on once I’m at the kindergarten. 
By the time he arrived, most of the children had left. 
Lucian spotted his daughter standing in the corner at a glance. 
She was hanging her head low and holding her schoolbag with both hands, looking utterly dispirited. 
Lucian frowned slightly and went forward to pat her head. “Why are you upset? Is it because I’m late? 
I’m so-” 
Before he could finish, Estella pursed her lips and snorted, walking straight past him. 
Lucian’s hand hung in the air, and his voice stopped abruptly as he turned around helplessly to watch 
his daughter reach the car. 
He watched her climb into the car before retracting his gaze and scanning the remaining children. 
Even so, there were no signs of the twins. 
“Mr. Farwell…” One teacher noticed he seemed to be looking for someone. Her heart skipped a beat, 
and she hurried over cautiously. 
Lucian shifted his gaze and stared at the person in front of him expressionlessly. “Where are the twins? 
Have they been expelled?” 
The teacher lowered her head guiltily. “Not yet. I wanted to tell them about the news when they came to 
school. But Ms. Jarvis called me this morning, saying the boys were feeling unwell, so I didn’t get to tell 
—” 
“Okay,” Lucian said curtly and strode to the car without waiting for the teacher to react. 
In the car, Estella hugged her schoolbag and rested her head on it, her eyes downcast. She looked as 
if she was pondering something. 
Seeing Lucian entering the car, she scooted to the side without lifting her head, putting a distance 
between them. 
Lucian sat beside her and instructed the driver to drive. After that, he gave her a concerned look, 
asking, “Can you tell me why you are angry today?” 
Estella turned her head to one side upon hearing his voice, looking completely reluctant to 
communicate with him. 
Lucian understood the signs right away. I’m the culprit for making her angry again. 
As for the reason, he had a rough guess, but he had no intentions of solving it at that moment unless 
Roxanne contacted him personally. 
Despite that, Estella clearly wanted him to bring up the topic. She made some gestures during the 
journey home, wanting to attract his attention. 
However, Lucian feigned ignorance. 
Upon reaching home, a red-eyed Estella shot him a glare before storming back to her room and 
slamming the door shut. She everflocked the door from the inside. 
Catalina, who was watching the pair’s cold war from downstairs, cast Lucian a concerned gaze. “Mr. 
Farwell, what’s wrong with” 
“Let her be.” Lucian knitted his brows. “She’ll be fine after a while.” 
Catalina had no choice but to ignore the matter. 
However, when it was time for dinner, Estella still did not go downstairs. 
Catalina looked at Lucian, who sat at the dining table without digging in. She sighed inwardly and 
rushed upstairs to bring Estella down. 
Unfortunately, no one came to open the door after she knocked on it for some time. 
“Ms. Estella, please come down to have—”Before she could finish her words, a muffled sound could 
suddenly be heard. It sounded as if something had collapsed to the floor. 
Catalina’s heart sank. Just as she was about to go downstairs to get Lucian, she spun around and 
found him already standing behind her.. 
“Mr. Farwell, you know what Ms. Estella’s character is like. She’s always been unsociable, and she 
doesn’t know how to speak. Please be more patient with her. How will things work out if you don’t 
communicate with her properly? Ms. Estella is different from other children. Aren’t you worried that her
condition might worsen?” Catalina asked. 
The sound of something crashing onto the ground in the room made Catalina extremely – anxious. She 
was so worried that her eyes reddened when she uttered the last sentence.
###Chapter 74
Chapter 74
Lucian frowned. 
He never thought the child would be so mad. 
After listening to Catalina, he nodded and went forward to knock on the door. “Essie, open the door. 
Daddy wants to speak to you.” 
When he finished, a muffled thump sounded on the door. 
Clearly, Estella was throwing something against the door to show her rejection of him. 
Lucian froze momentarily. He spoke once again in a gentler tone. “What do you want me to do? Can 
you open the door and tell me? We’ll talk about it, okay?” 
A faint thump sounded on the door again. 
It was also Catalina’s first time witnessing Estella acting that way. The thought of the latter’s condition 
caused a fear to rise in Catalina’s heart. Worried that something might happen to Estella, she said 
hurriedly, “Mr. Farwell, I think we should just go in. I’m worried Ms. Estella might…” 
Lucian hesitated for a moment, but he nodded in agreement. 
Soon, Catalina brought a spare key, opened the door, and they entered the room. 
They were instantly taken aback by the mess inside. 
The dolls Estella always treasured were scattered all over the floor. There were also a few exquisite- 
looking music boxes by the door, and two of them had cracks on them. 
Evidently, the items that were thrown at the door were the two music boxes. 
Among the mess was Estella curled in the corner. She was staring blankly at the ground as tears 
streamed down her cheeks uncontrollably. Sitting beside her were two relatively ugly dolls the adults 
had never seen before. 
Noticing the adults entering her room, she backed away subconsciously and lowered her head to avoid 
meeting their gaze. 
Lucian’s heart ached when he saw the state of the girl. Feeling regretful, he stepped forward, wanting 
to pull her into his embrace. 
Sensing that he was approaching her, Estella raised her head immediately, her eyes filled with 
resistance. With her hands on the ground, she scurried backward frantically. 
Lucian paused when he saw her reactions. “Don’t… be afraid. I know I was wrong.” 
Estella did not seem to hear his words. Finally, she leaned against the wall and turned her body 
sideways to avoid his gaze. She hugged her knees and buried her head inside. 
The adults could not see her expression. All they saw were the heaving motioris of Estella’s body when 
she sobbed. 
Lucian fell silent instantly. 
Feeling heartbroken, Catalina stepped forward. “Mr. Farwell, why don’t I give it a go?” 
With that, she carefully approached Estella and extended her arms toward the little girl. 
This time, Estella did not avoid it. 
Catalina let out a sigh of relief and hugged Estella gently, patting the latter on the back. “What’s wrong, 
Ms. Estella? Can you tell me about it? Were you bullicd by your classmates in school?” 
Estella merely continued sobbing, showing no response whatsoever. 
Catalina had no choice but to coax Estella in her embrace. 
“Is it because the twins didn’t go to school?” Lucian asked grimly. Estella’s eyes lit up a little, and she 
turned her head aside with a sob. 
Noticing her slight reaction, Catalina quickly hinted at Lucian with a look to console Estella. 
a 
· Lucian sighed. He did not expect Estella to be so dependent on the twins. 
Could they be somewhat attracted to each other because they’re siblings from another mother? 
“Okay. I won’t make them leave the kindergarten.” 
It was only then that Estella looked at him, looking extremely aggrieved. 
His daughter’s state left Lucian no choice but to give in. “I promise you. I won’t chase them away 
again.” 
Estella still stared at him with a gaze filled with accusations. 
Understanding the meaning of her gaze, Lucian said gently, “They didn’t go to school today because 
they took a sick leave. The teacher hasn’t told them about their expulsion.”
###Chapter 75
Chapter 75
Estella blinked, and her sobs reduced. Still in disbelief, she pursed her lips. 
She had heard Lucian talking to her teacher with her own cars, and the two boys were absent from 
kindergarten that day. 
How could there be such a coincidence? 
Lucian sensed her doubt, which made him feel even more helpless. “There’s no need for me to lie to 
you. They didn’t go to school today because they were unwell. You’ll see them tomorrow.” 
Estella continued to purse her lips aggrievedly. Suspicion was written all over her face. 
Lucian was at a loss for what to do. “How should I make you believe me?” 
Never did he expect Archie and Benny to have such an important place in Estella’s heart. They were so 
important to the point that she did not believe his words. 
Estella hesitated for a moment and let Catalina put her down. She then picked up a small notebook 
from the pile of mess and scribbled something while sobbing. Her squiggly writing read: Confirm! 
She wanted to hear the boys tell her that they were not expelled and that she would still see them in 
kindergarten in the future. 
Lucian understood what she meant. She wanted to go to Roxanne’s house and confirm with the boys. 
The thought of it made his head hurt. 
Seeing there was no response from Lucian, Estella pursed her lips and gripped her notebook tightly in 
her hands. She looked as if she was about to burst into tears again. 
When Lucian recalled how miserably Estella had cried just now, he relaxed his brows helplessly and 
said, “Okay. I’ll bring you to them now.” 
Estella froze instantly, blinking to confirm what she had heard. 
Lucian nodded. 
She quickly turned around and packed her bag, then carried it on her back and walked toward him, still 
sniffling since she had cried too hard earlier. 
Lucian felt speechless when he saw how fast Estella’s attitude changed. Given no choice, he brought
her out to look for Roxanne. 
Roxanne was having dinner with Archie and Benny when the doorbell rang. Thinking it was Madilyn 
coming for a free meal, Roxanne opened the door right away. 
Her eyes widened in disbelief when she saw the people at the door. 
“Are you two… Essie, are you here to play with Archie and Benny?” That was the only possibility she 
could think of. 
A tall and slender Lucian stood in front of the door, holding Estella’s hand. He was only dressed in a 
shirt with the sleeves slightly rolled up. 
Estella lified her head. Roxanne could not help but wonder if it was the breeze that caused Estella’s 
eyes and nose to be red because the latter looked rather pitiful. 
When she saw that Roxanne had seen her, all the sadness Estella had been feeling the entire night 
rose in her heart. She sniffed and pursed her lips, having the urge to cry again. 
Lucian noticed the change in his daughter’s behavior. However, he did not know how to answer 
Roxanne’s question. 
What am I supposed to say? My daughter got angry because I told the kindergarten to expel your 
sons? And now, she insists on confirming the reason for their absence? 
He did not find it necessary to bring it up again since he had already dismissed the idea. 
At that moment, the atmosphere at the door was rather awkward. 
Roxanne eyed the pair in front of her who did not seem to have any intentions of speaking. Feeling 
puzzled, she lowered her head to look at Estella. “Essie, is something the matter? It’s quite late 
already.” 
Pursing her lips, Estella nodded and broke free from Lucian’s hand. 
He had no choice but to let her be. 
In the next second, tears rolled down Estella’s cheeks again, and she approached Roxanne, extending 
her arm. Estella wanted a hug.
###Chapter 76
Chapter 76
At first, Roxanne was stunned by Estella’s actions. But after that, her heart ached for the latter. She 
instinctively lowered herself and pulled Estella into her embrace, patting her on the back. 
Estella tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s clothes, sobbing uncontrollably. 
A look of helplessness flashed past Lucian’s eyes as he watched the scene before him. 
When we were at home a while ago, all Estella did was avoid me. Now that Roxanne’s here, this girl 
actually reached out without hesitation to ask for a hug. Are children naturally dependent on their 
mothers? 
“Okay. Stop crying. Can you tell me what’s wrong?” Roxanne consoled Estella, feeling worried. 
Naturally, Estella did not know how to speak. 
Finally, Lucian cleared his throat and said nonchalantly, “She went to kindergarten today and did not 
see your boys, so she thought they stopped going. She went home and cried the entire night, asking to 
come here to confirm their reason for absence.”. 
Roxanne sighed inwardly upon hearing that. This little girl is really clingy to my boys, eh? 
Realizing that, Roxanne said in a softer tone, “There, there. Don’t cry. The boys were having an upset 
stomach today, so I helped them to apply for a leave of absence. They’ll be going back to school to 
play with you tomorrow.” 
When she heard Roxanne saying the same words as Lucian, Estella finally believed it. Slowly, she 
stopped sobbing and removed herself from Roxanne’s embrace. And carefully, she peeped into the 
house, wanting to see the two boys. 
However, it was impossible to view the dining room from the entrance. When she did not see the twins, 
she started feeling uneasy again. 
Roxanne noticed Estella’s cautious looks, and her heart melted. Patting Estella’s head, she asked, “Do 
you want to play with them? I can take you to them.” 
With that, she smiled and carried Estella. Just as she was about to walk into the house, Estella 
suddenly leaned back. 
It was at that moment Roxanne recalled that the man was still standing at the door. 
On top of that, he would not enter the house without her invitation. 
At that thought, she turned around to look at the man. 
As the night breeze blew, Lucian’s shirt clung to his body, and he stared impassively at the girls. 
Looks like he was rushing to bring Essie here that he forgot to put on a coat. 
Thanks to Estella, who was in her arms, Roxanne felt bad for him, and she said calmly, “Have a seat 
inside, Mr. Farwell.” 
Lucian entered the house as soon as she spoke. 
The boys are having their dinner. Let me bring you over to them.” Roxanne walked slowly, comforting 
Estella along the way. 
Soon, three of them arrived in the dining room. 
Archie and Benny were enjoying their food when they saw them walking in. They swallowed the food in 
their mouths, a puzzled look on their faces. “What is Essie doing here?” 
Roxanne placed Estella between them and said softly, “Essie got worried when both of you didn’t go to 
kindergarten today. She cried, wanting to look for you. Go on. Talk to her.” 
As if to confirm Roxanne’s words, Estella interlaced her fingers nervously on her dress and looked 
unblinkingly at Archie and Benny with her large eyes. The tip of her nose was slightly pink, making her 
look like a doll. 
Archie and Benny exchanged gazes when they saw Estella in such a state. They found her cute yet 
pitiful at the same time. 
“We weren’t feeling well this morning. We’re much better now. Don’t worry,” Archie reassured earnestly. 
Benny turned to Essie and made a face. “Look at you, all scared like that. We’re just taking a day off. 
Can’t you be away from us for just a day? You little minion.” 
A sense of relief washed over Estella when she heard their words, and she broke into a smile.
###Chapter 77
Chapter 77
Lucian, who was standing at the entrance of the dining room, looked conflicted when he saw Estella 
finally smiling, 
It took me so long to coax hcr, yet it was nothing compared to the trio’s words. Not only did she stop 
crying. she even smiled. 
After standing there for some time and watching the boys making Estella grin from ear to car, he 
stepped into the room, wanting to take her home. 
They had only come over because Estella wanted to confirm things with her own eyes. Now that it was 
done, it was time for them to go home. 
As soon as he reached Estella’s side, he heard her stomach growl. 
Roxanne frowned. “Have you not had dinner?” 
Estella pursed her lips and nodded. 
Seeing that, Roxanne turned to look at Lucien with a reprimanding gaze. 
Lucian glanced at her emotionlessly. “I’ve tried talking to her. She’s been crying all night. She locked 
herself in the room as soon as she got back without eating or drinking anything. It was only when I 
promised to bring her here that she finally stopped. We didn’t manage to have dinner yet.” 
Roxanne scanned his thin shirt and withdrew her gaze. 
At the side, Archie looked at Estella concernedly. “We’ve just started eating. Do you want to join us?” 
Estella’s eyes lit up, and she nodded fervently. It was at that moment that she finally remembered to 
ask her father for permission 
Lucian hesitated for a few seconds and glanced at Roxanne. “If it’s not too much of a trouble, could you 
prepare something for her?” 
“Do you want to sit between the boys?” Roxanne suggested. 
Estella beamed instantly. 
Archie and Benny quickly moved their chairs, making some space so Estella could sit between them. 
Lucian frowned as he watched Estella sit between the twins. 
From his point of view, they looked like a family, while he looked more like a stranger. 
After helping Estella to settle down and serving her some food, Roxanne looked at the three children 
sitting side by side and was all smiles. 
However, the gaze of the man beside her sent chills down her spine. 
She stopped smiling and turned around to look at Lucian. 
As he met her gaze, Lucian composed himself and put on a calm expression. 
“What about you?” Roxanne asked casually, repressing her feelings. 
Upon hearing that, Lucian put on a look of confusion. 
Roxanne averted her gaze and glanced at the dishes on the table. “Have you eaten?” 
If Essie made a fuss without having dinner, then he must’ve been busy coaxing her the entire night. 
Stunned, Lucian stared at her for some time before narrowing his eyes indifferently. Sounding distant, 
he answered, “I’m fine. There’s dinner at home. I’ll just heat it up when I get back. It’s just that Essie 
likes spending time with them. Sorry for troubling you. I’ll just wait in the living room and not disturb you 
guys.” 
With that, he cast the three joyful children a final glance before walking out. 
When Roxanne heard his words and noticed he was about to leave on an empty stomach, she 
could not help but purse her lips. “There’s enough food for all of us. Besides, Essie will definitely 
· feel uneasy if her daddy’s not here.” 
Estella lifted her head, her eyes filled with nervousness when she saw Lucian walking out. 
OU 
ness 
Without waiting for Lucian’s reply, Roxanne served him a plate of food and placed it on the table. 
“Come and join us if you don’t mind.” 
Archie frowned slightly at the scene, but he said nothing. 
Benny, on the other hand, continued eating while secretly glancing at the man in the distance, feeling 
excited.
###Chapter 78
In the past, it had always been the three of them-Roxanne, Archie, Benny-having meals together, occasionally with Madilyn joining in.
However, it was a first for them to have their meal with Lucian.
At that moment, various emotions rose in Archie’s and Benny’s hearts. Copyright N?v/el/Dra/ma.Org.
Lucian stopped in his tracks and turned around to meet Estella’s glistening eyes. He then shifted his gaze to the seat beside them, which had utensils placed on the table near it. His eyes immediately glinted with emotion.
As the matter of fact, the four of them were indeed a family.
It would seem odd if he were to sit there.
Though that thought passed through his mind, he had already taken his seat by the table before even realizing it.
For some reason, the atmosphere that was originally jolly had become tense. He could not help but wonder if he was the reason for the change.
Archie and Benny fell silent and lowered their heads to eat their food.
Since the boys were not talking to her anymore, Estella lost her appetite. She held her utensils and took tiny bites out of her food.
“Essie, is there something you dislike?” Roxanne asked gently, noticing the change in her behavior.Hearing that, Estella hurriedly shook her head.
She liked everything Roxanne made.
She just wasn’t in the mood to eat.
Benny knew Estella could not talk. Thus, he put down his utensils and answered on her behalf, “Essie is just like us. She doesn’t like carrots and peppers. She always picks these out in the kindergarten.”
Roxanne smiled kindly. “I’ll help you pick them out, okay?”
A smile reappeared on Estella’s face, and she nodded obediently.
Seeing her response, Roxanne walked over to Estella, picked out the carrots and peppers from the latter’s plate, and placed them on her own. She then watched Estella picking up her spoon again.
Just as Estella was about to continue eating, something tugged the back of her hand, which made her tear up in pain. She stopped moving her arm. lifted her head, and looked at Roxanne pilluny for help.
Noticing the expression on Estella’s face, Roxanne put down her utensils right away. “What’s wrong?”
Estella bit her lip, trying her best to stop herself from crying as she turned over her hand to let Roxanne examine it.
Everyone was stunned as soon as they saw the back of her hand.
Estella had extremely fair skin. As the light shone on the back of her hand, a horrifying red mark could be seen visibly.
Roxanne frowned and asked worriedly, “What happened?”
Estella bit her lip without saying anything.
Roxanne had no choice but to glance at Lucian, who was sitting beside her.
Lucian felt a pang of guilt when he met her questioning gaze. Despite that, he looked as calm as ever. “Did you hurt yourself when you were throwing things just now?”
The worry in Roxanne’s eyes intensified. “Throwing things?”
Lucian said, “Essie doesn’t know how to vent her emotions. Sometimes, when she gets really angry, she’ll throw things to vent it out.”
He could not bring himself to utter the word “autism.”
On top of that, he did not know what her reaction would be once she found out about it.
Surprise flashed through Roxanne’s eyes as she turned to look at Estella to confirm the fact. “Did you hurt yourself?”
Estella hesitated momentarily before nodding gently.
Seeing her admitting to it, Lucian frowned. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
Estella shuddered and inched closer to Roxanne, feeling frightened.
Roxanne cast Lucian another displeased glance when she saw Estella’s reaction.
The kid’s injured. How could he still speak to her in such a tone?
“Does it hurt a lot?” Retracting her gaze, Roxanne held Estella’s hand and massaged it gently.
Estella pursed her lips and nodded.
“You’ll be fine. I’ll help you to apply medicine. It won’t hurt in a while.” Roxanne gently released Estella’s hand and instructed her boys, “Keep her company. I’ll get the medical kit.”
The boys nodded immediately and started taking turns telling Estella some interesting things..
###Chapter 79
Soon. Roxanne returned with the medical kit, and she carefully applied some medicinal cream onto Estella’s hand.
Estella was well-behaved throughout the entire process. When it hurt, she would only shrink away a
little and would quickly place her hand back.
It made Roxanne’s heart melt incredibly.
After applying the medicine to Estella’s hand, Roxanne immediately occupied the seat beside her.
Archie gave up his seat obediently and carried his plate to sit beside Lucian.
“Is it okay if I feed you?” Roxanne asked Estella for her permission.
Naturally, Estella would not reject it. She nodded with a look of anticipation.
Roxanne picked up Estella’s plate with a smile and started feeding her.
With Roxanne feeding her, Estella’s appetite improved tremendously. She fixed her eyes on Roxanne, opening her mouth to eat anything she fed.
Roxanne’s smile grew wider when she saw how well-behaved Estella was while eating.
Lucian watched their interaction from the opposite end.
Every time Estella’s lips were stained, Roxanne would help her wipe them right away. Even her feeding speed was just right.
Estella’s eyes crinkled as she ate.
For a moment, a mix of emotions flashed through Lucian’s eyes.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny had been watching everything in silence. They merely thought that
Estella looked cute when she ate instead of feeling jealous of her.
When they looked away from her, they glanced at Lucian at the same time.
The next second, they exchanged suspicious glances with each other.
If we’re not mistaken, Daddy has been staring at Mommy. Besides, there doesn’t seem to be any hate in his gaze. Instead, it looks a little… affectionate.
Archie frowned and put down his fork. He picked up the ladle by the side and served Lucian some food while looking at him innocently. “Mr. Farwell, why aren’t you eating? Do eat more!”
Hearing that, Lucian snapped back to his senses and thanked Archie subconsciously, “Thanks.
As soon as he said that and saw the vegetable on his plate, his gaze darkened.
Coincidentally, the vegetable Archie chose was celery.
Lucian looked up and scanned the dishes on the table to find the plate of celery placed quite far from
Archie’s reach. It looked as if the latter had served him celery on purpose.
When Archie finished his words, he buried his head in his plate and eyed Lucian from the corner of his eye.
He remembered that celery was the vegetable Lucian hated the most the last time he and Benny looked into his background.
I don’t know why he abandoned Mommy in the past and was looking at her with such a gaze just now.
But since he abandoned Mommy, he must be punished. This bit of celery is nothing.
Lucian picked up his fork, looking meaningfully at the boy who served him the vegetable.
Sensing his gaze, Archie lifted his head and met Lucian’s gaze fearlessly.
Lucian raised his brow. For some reason, he sensed that Archie was challenging him.
However, Lucian could not figure out what was the reason for the challenge. Thus, he did not think much about it.,
“Do you dislike celery, Mr. Farwell?” Archie looked at Lucian innocently. His words seemed to be urging the latter. 
Lucian smiled and replied, “No.”
With that, he put the celery into his mouth impassively.
From a certain angle, Archie could not see the look of disgust that flashed through Lucian’s eyes as he swallowed the celery.
Roxanne watched the man put the celery into his mouth. It was too late when he turned away; she saw
the look of disgust in his eyes. Suddenly, she felt as if she had returned to the days six years ago.
“You can put it aside if you don’t want to eat it.” Roxanne retracted her gaze and lowered her eyes to conceal her emotions.
The man’s calm voice rang out. “I didn’t say I’m not eating it.”
A mix of emotions swirled within Roxanne, and she kept silent.
###Chapter 80
Benny’s eves brightened. Emboldened by Lucian’s acceptance of Archie’s gesture, he tentatively attempted the same.
Taking the plunge, he placed a roast potato on the man’s plate and stared at him expectantly.
The boy’s thoughtful gesture stunned Lucian, as he thought the former would complicate things for him.
He offered a grateful smile upon regaining his composure. “Thank you. Have some more potatoes yourself.”
As he spoke, Lucian reciprocated the gesture.
Having remembered the vegetables the boy mentioned not liking earlier, he deliberately avoided those.
Benny’s eyes widened in surprise. “Thank you, Mr. Farwell! I will!”
Daddy gave me food!
Meanwhile, Archie pouted in disdain as he observed their interaction.
Benny is such an idiot. He can’t even see such an obvious ploy of Daddy currying his favor! I won’t be that easily fooled!
The rest of dinner passed with that strange atmosphere hanging over them. Roxanne got up to clear the table when they finished. 
Lucian silently helped her put the silverware back in the kitchen drawer out of politeness. Upon completing that task, he stood around hesitantly, as he was unsure what to do next.
Though it stood to reason that he should return with Estella, he thought it would seem inappropriate to just leave after putting Roxanne through the trouble of hosting dinner.
“I can manage on my own,” Roxanne asserted when she noticed his discomfort. “Could you keep an eye on the children?”
Lucian nodded and headed to the living room.
Estella was working with the boys on the final stages of a Lego project they had been working on together.
Having already assembled a section, the children were struggling with the height of where it was supposed to be attached. Roxanne was usually close by to lend a hand after the preliminary assembly was completed on the ground.
As she was busy with the dishes at that moment, the children stood around, figuring out how to circumvent that obstacle.
After a glance around, Archie decided to bring a chair from the dining table.
“Here, let me.” Taking pity on the children, Lucian softened his expression to the best of his ability and offered Archie a hand.
Archie hesitated for several seconds before handing the assembled part in his hands to the man
Following Archie’s instructions, Lucian took it and snapped it in place.
“Thank you,” Archie said gruffly.
Lucian nodded noncommittally. With one hand in his pocket, he mostly watched the three children amuse themselves with the toy bricks and occasionally lent a hand with the assembly.
In the kitchen, Roxanne was distracted. Instead of the chore at hand, her attention was stubbornly fixed on the group in her living room. She was beginning to regret allowing Lucian to stay after dinner.
Archie and Benny had already revealed too much when they confronted Lucian the last time, so
Roxanne felt deeply uneasy about them being alone together.
The way they got along, especially, bothered her a lot.
She was even more afraid that the boys would say something they were not supposed to.
If Lucian finds out that the boys are his…
Roxanne felt a panic rising in her chest at that very thought.
She could not guarantee that Lucian would not take them away from her.
Given her current status, it would be easy for him to rob her of her sons.
She could not imagine how she would feel then. It was hard enough to conceive of a future without the two boys.
Roxanne began to feel truly frightened.
The bowl slipped through her fingers and fell to the ground before she could react. The crisp sound of shattering glass shook her out of her reverie.
###Chapter 81
Chapter 81
The three children exchanged glances before putting the Lego pieces down in an unspoken agreement 
and running into the kitchen. 
“What happened, Mommy?” Archie and Benny asked in concern. 
Their voices roused Roxanne out of her trance. She felt even more uneasy at the sight of her sons 
before her. Barely able to suppress her fears, she shook her head and mustered a smile. “It’s nothing,” 
she said. “The bowl must have slipped out of my hand. Don’t come in. There are broken pieces 
everywhere.” 
With that, she squatted down as if nothing had happened to pick up the pieces, still distracted as she 
did so. 
Lucian’s eyes darkened from behind the three children as he studied the woman on her knees. 
I could be imagining it, but this woman does seem to have a lot on her mind. 
Roxanne lowered her head. The man’s intense gaze upon her disconcerted her further. 
In a momentary lapse of vigilance, her fingers closed around a particularly sharp corner of a shard. 
A tingling pain erupting from her fingertips snapped her back to her senses, and she gave an 
involuntary gasp of pain. 
“Mommy!” 
“Ms. Jarvis!” 
The children cried out anxiously as blood dripped from Roxanne’s finger. 
V 
Archie and Benny were about to dash into the kitchen when a tall figure suddenly stopped in front of 
them. 
A moment later, they watched Lucian squat beside their mother to hold her wrist in his large hand with 
a cold expression on his face. 
Archie and Benny froze in their tracks. 
“What were you thinking?” he asked with irritation. 
Roxanne stared blankly at the vast hand on hers. She was at a loss for words. 
Lucian wrapped his arms around her waist and lifted her to her feet in an instant. 
Roxanne was already standing by the sink when she regained her senses. 
Looking ill-tempered, Lucian turned on the faucet and dragged her wrist under the stream of water. 
“Wait outside,” Lucian ordered, turning his attention to the three children by the door. “Do not come in.” 
Though the children were worried about Roxanne, they nodded when they saw that she was in good 
hands. 
Upon being satisfied that the wound on the woman’s hand was clean enough, Lucian took out a clean 
handkerchief from his pocket and wrapped it around her injured finger to stem the bleeding 
“Thank you.” By that point, Roxanne had regained sufficient control of her faculties. She tried to jerk her 
hand out of his while avoiding his gaze. “I can finish up on my own.” 
The man frowned and tightened his grip. 
Roxanne felt annoyed at his refusal to let go. 
He has a child with another woman. Essie is watching us right now. 
Distinctly aware of Estella’s eyes on them, Roxanne tried her best to distance herself from Lucian. 
He has no cause to care for me to this extent. He only has hatred toward me, anyway. 
Grimacing at the reminder, Roxanne gazed at him with plain refusal for his help. 
Lucian pretended not to have noticed her resistance. “I’m going to dress your wound,” he announced 
solemnly. 
Without another word, he led her out by her hand. 
Roxanne gritted her teeth in consternation. “Please don’t trouble yourself. It’s late enough as it is; you 
should take Essie home. I can manage on my own.” 
Lucian froze in his tracks at her words. 
Roxanne noticed a vague dissatisfaction emanating out of him that disappeared without a trace by the 
next second. 
“How will you dress your wound when your right hand is the injured one?” Lucian suppressed his 
annoyance and dragged her out without paying her protests any heed. 
The three children followed them eagerly. 
Roxanne did not struggle anymore under their concerned gazes. Instead, she resigned herself to her 
fate. 
This man is too domineering.
###Chapter 82
When they arrived in the living room, Roxanne was forced to sit on the couch.
The children flocked around her as they stared with concern at her finger wrapped in a handkerchief
while Lucian rummaged unsuccessfully through the living room to locate the medical kit.
In the end, Archie was the one to jump off the couch to produce the medical kit from the TV cabinet.
Lucian patted the boy’s head in gratitude and stood next to Roxanne with the kit now in his hand.
The children hurriedly stepped aside.
Lucian sat down beside Roxanne. Though his face did not betray a hint of his thoughts and his
presence caused a perceptible shudder in her, his movements seemed gentler than usual.
Roxanne watched him work for several seconds before being compelled to look away. She willed herself to keep her gaze on the floor.
Looking any longer would create unnecessary misunderstandings. The man obviously hates me. Why is he so caring all of a sudden?
After having iodine applied to her cut, Lucian produced another Band-Aid and wrapped it around her wound.
Roxanne sighed in secret relief when he finally let go of her hand. She leaped up as soon as she could place some distance between them. “Thank you, and sorry again for troubling you.”
The man frowned slightly at her words but did not respond.
Roxanne glanced at the mess on the kitchen floor and made to get up.
“What are you doing?” The sullen voice sounded again.
Roxanne froze. “The floor needs cleaning up,” she said. “The children might step on the shards.”
Lucian’s scowl deepened.
Despite this woman’s stellar credentials, she can’t even take care of herself!
Roxanne grew anxious at the man’s gloomy expression, not knowing what she had done wrong this time.
Could it be because of the trouble she had caused him earlier?
After careful consideration, Roxanne was about to apologize when he spoke again.
“You can’t get your bandage wet. Let me find you a housekeeper.”
Without giving her a chance to respond, Lucian gave his assistant a call.
After his dinner, Cayden was about to wash up and tuck in when he suddenly received a call from his
employer. He picked up the phone nervously.
“Find me housekeeper and deliver them to No. 32 of Durwest Garden within half an hour* 
Cayden was stunned. Before he managed to formulate his question, the other had already hung up.
After gazing at his darkened screen in confusion for several seconds, Cayden contacted a housekeeping company and personally escorted the housekeeper to the address as instructed by Lucian.
“They’re on their way,” Lucian informed Roxanne in a low voice after hanging up.
Roxanne’s protests ceased as he had already found a housekeeper. She seated herself some distance away from him.
The three children sat between the two adults and exchanged glances in silence.
The atmosphere in the living room was stiff.
Nearly twenty minutes later, the doorbell was a relief as it broke the uncomfortable silence in the living room.
Roxanne was about to get up to answer the door, but Lucian arrived first.
“Mr. Farwell.” Cayden stood on the other end with a middle-aged woman with short hair.
Lucian stood sideways as he beckoned them in.
The housekeeper cleaned the kitchen with surprising efficiency while striking up an animated conversation with the three children as she worked.
She amused the children so much they could not stop laughing.
After seeing how fond the children were of the housekeeper, Roxanne was struck with an idea. She decided to take the initiative to ask, “Excuse me. I’d like to ask if you would consider working here full time. Your main duties will be caring for the children with some housekeeping now and then. I’ll leave the salary to you.”
The woman readily agreed, “I would love to; I happen to like children. You can call me Lysa.”
###Chapter 83
Chapter 83
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief at how little effort it took. 
Having expected to go to further lengths than that for a suitable nanny, she was surprised to find such a 
promising candidate so easily. 
“Come over tomorrow morning,” Roxanne proposed after a brief discussion regarding Lysa’s salary 
range. “I will draw up the contract by then. You can sign it if everything is in order.” 
Lysa nodded in response. After bidding the others farewell, she departed with her tools and left the few 
of them in the living room once again. 
Though Roxanne’s mood improved after the chat with Lysa, her stiff formality returned when she turned 
to Lucian. “I’m sorry for the trouble of bandaging my wound and finding me a housekeeper. I owe you 
one.” 
A strange glint flitted across Lucian’s deep eyes. He quickly suppressed the arising feeling and 
responded with a similar detachment, “Don’t mention it. Essie and I were the ones to trouble you in the 
first place. Consider these trivial matters a token of my gratitude.” 
Estella nodded in vigorous agreement with her father’s words. She even ran over to grab Roxanne’s 
wrist and stared at her bandaged finger for a long time. 
Roxanne smiled as she stroked the little girl’s head. “It’s all right. Don’t worry. It doesn’t hurt at all.” 
Estella blinked as she touched Roxanne’s fingers delicately. Upon ascertaining that there was indeed 
no problem, she looked up and gave the latter a sweet smile. 
Roxanne’s heart softened at the child’s tenderness. 
“It’s getting late. We have intruded upon your kind hospitality long enough.” Lucian cleared his throat as 
he lowered his gaze to Estella. “Say goodbye to Ms. Jarvis and the boys, Essie.” 
Looking as if she did not want to, Estella waved to the boys obediently at the prospect of seeing them 
the following day. 
The two boys reciprocated her smile and waved. “Wait for us at the kindergarten tomorrow!” 
Essie nodded vigorously. 
Lucian took the little girl’s hand and, with a final goodbye to the three, turned to leave. 
It was only when she watched his car disappear out of the driveway that Roxanne relaxed completely. 
i ne two boys seemed reluctant to part with their guests as they stared into the distance for a long time 
without taking their eyes off the spot Lucian’s car had disappeared. 
Roxanne thought they missed Estella. “Come on, boys. Let’s go inside,” she said softly. “You’ll see 
Essie tomorrow.” 
The two boys looked away slowly and followed her back to the mansion. 
After shutting the door, Roxanne bent down to look solemnly into the eyes of her two sons. “I have 
something to tell you boys.” 
Archie and Benny were puzzled at the sight of her seriousness. 
“If Essie’s father ever asks how old you are, you are to tell him that you’re one year younger than her. 
Do you understand?” 
The boys understood at once, yet they pretended not to. “Why?” they demanded. 
Roxanne hesitated, at a loss for an explanation, before sighing helplessly. “There is no reason. Just do 
as I say, please?” 
The boys exchanged another glance before nodding slowly. 
Archie did not betray a hint of emotion. His brother, however, looked confused. 
It’s clear why Mommy wants us to tell Daddy that we are one year younger than Essie. It’s to make it 
impossible for him to find out that we are his. What happened between Mommy and Daddy? He was 
kind to her, wasn’t he? Why doesn’t Mommy want him to know that we are his children?
###Chapter 84
Chapter 84
It was nearly ten when Lucian arrived home with Estella. 
The butler was already waiting at the door. 
“Ms. Pearson is waiting for you inside, Mr. Farwell.” 
Lucian’s brows furrowed at the news. With a nod at the butler, he strode in with Estella. 
“You’re home!” 
Aubree, seated on the couch, leaped to her feet when she saw them crossing the threshold. She bent 
down and tried to touch Estella’s head, which the latter did her best to avoid. 
Aubree’s eyes flashed with displeasure, which she quickly hid by straightening up with a smile. 
“What’s the matter?” Lucian studied her intently. His tone remained indifferent. 
Aubree gave him a casual smile. “I want to thank you again for lending us someone today. You helped 
us out of a jam there, and Dad had me come over to offer our gratitude personally.” 
She was going to add something else after a brief pause, but Lucian cut her off, “Is the matter 
resolved?” 
Aubree was momentarily dumbfounded by his bluntness. She nodded with a smile that now seemed 
rather forced. “Well, the little trouble we had kept us busy until the afternoon. I hope it didn’t interfere 
with your business.” 
Lucian nodded. “There are plenty of employees in Farwell Group, and the absence of one wouldn’t 
make a difference. There’s no need to thank me.” 
Without waiting for her response, he strode past her with Estella. 
Aubree’s features contorted with fury, but they softened again when she regained her senses a few 
moments later. 
“Nevertheless, you have helped me resolve something huge. I didn’t know what to get you, so I brought 
a little present for Estella instead. Don’t worry. I didn’t spend a fortune. Think of it as a token of my 
appreciation.” 
As she spoke, she took out a limited edition doll from the bag on the couch. Its delicate packaging
caused Lucian to recognize it as one in a set that Estella had in her room. 
Aware that his daughter loved those dolls, he stopped to see if she wanted to accept the gift. 
Unexpectedly, Essie did not even look up. Instead, she tightened her grip on her father’s hand and 
edged closer to him. 
Lucian understood at once. He met Aubree’s eves to decline her gift. “Thank you for the doll, but she 
already has this one. Besides, she’s thrown a tantrum at me earlier. Forgive us for not being in the 
mood to entertain.” 
Aubree’s expression was a little stiff. She put away her things with a smile that looked more like a 
grimace before looking at Estella with concern. “What is she angry about this time?” 
Having hit multiple dead ends in trying to interact with the girl before, Aubree did not try very hard this 
time for fear that Lucian would see through her falsities. Instead, she directed her question toward him. 
“Oh, something small,” Lucian said curtly before looking away, plainly not intending to divulge specific 
details. 
Maybe he thinks it’s not my place to be privy to such matters. 
Aubree’s hand holding the gift bag clenched into a fist. Her nails sank deep into her flesh as she forced 
a smile. “Is that so? Did you return this late because you took her for a fun night out?” 
Lucian frowned. “It’s getting late. You should leave if there isn’t anything else I can do for you. Essie 
needs her sleep.” 
Aubree opened her mouth again, but no excuse came to her lips. She could only watch Lucian lead 
Estella past her as they made their way upstairs. 
Aubree appeared unmistakably grim as she exited the mansion. 
Her bodyguard, also her driver, noticed her expression and decided to tread lightly. “Do you wish to 
return home, Ms. Pearson?” 
Aubree glared at him. “I want you to find out where Lucian was tonight with that little b*tch of his!” 
The bodyguard shuddered before obliging her hastily.
###Chapter 85
The following morning, Aubree was having breakfast when her bodyguard called.
“Ms. Pearson, I’ve checked it out. Last night, Mr. Farwell took Ms. Estella to a woman surnamed Jarvis. They stayed at her place for almost three hours before leaving—”
Alas, before the bodyguard could finish his sentence, the beeping of a disconnected call rang out from the other end.
There was no doubt in Aubree’s mind that the woman in question was Roxanne Jarvis.
The more she pictured Lucian and Roxanne spending time together, the more her face twisted with anger.
What could they have done in that three hours? I can’t believe they had Estella with them too!
A fresh swell of rage rose in Aubree as she stood up and flung her phone away, her eyes full of crazed fury.
Samuel, who was eating his breakfast opposite her, looked up with a frown when he heard the commotion.
To his surprise, he saw his daughter standing menacingly by the table while her phone lay on the floor, smashed to smithereens.“What’s going on?” Samuel asked sternly after setting his cutlery down.
Aubree met her father’s gaze and gritted her teeth. “Roxanne Jarvis is back, and Lucian has been keeping his distance from me recently! I think he has plans to reconcile with her!” she grumbled, sounding somewhat pitiful toward the end.
Samuel’s gaze darkened instantly. “Do Elias and Sonya know about this?”
As far as he knew, Roxanne had run off without saying goodbye back then, leaving only a divorce agreement behind.
For that reason, Elias and Sonya strongly resented her.
Now that Roxanne had shamelessly returned to their son, one could only imagine how they’d react if they found out about it.
Upon hearing her father’s words, Aubree’s brow twitched as a thought flashed through her mind.
“Find an opportunity to inform the Farwells about that woman’s return,” Samuel suggested, which helped to affirm Aubree’s idea. “I’m sure they’re very unhappy with her.”
With that, Aubree nodded and slowly went back to her seat.
Seeing that his daughter had calmed down, Samuel knitted his brows and advised earnestly, . “That woman has only just come back, so we can’t be sure what intentions Lucian has toward her. Don’t get yourself all worked up over nothing. Besides, Elias and Sonya know how loyal you’ve
been to their son and how much you’ve done for him. Even if that woman comes into the picture, they’d still be on your side. You have nothing to fear.”
After hearing Samuel’s reassuring words, Aubree felt a lot more at ease and visibly regained her composure. “Got it. I’ll remember to keep my cool.”
Meanwhile, Roxanne had finished her breakfast and sent Archie and Benny to the kindergarten.
When the teacher, Pippa Ward, saw the three of them, a concerned look crept across her face. “How are Archie and Benny? Are they feeling better?”
Roxanne smiled and nodded. “Yes, they’ve recovered. Thanks for your concern.”
The two boys looked up at Pippa and greeted her politely, “Good morning, Ms. Ward!”
Naturally, Pippa’s eyes filled with adoration at how well-behaved and sensible the kids were.
Amid their conversation, the sound of a car door opening and closing suddenly rang out.
Everyone instantly turned to look, only to see a Bentley parked conspicuously on the street.
Lucian had stepped out of the car and scooped Estella from the backseat into his arms.
Even though he wanted to carry her to the entrance, Estella struggled to get down as soon as she saw Roxanne and her sons.
Thankfully, Lucian wasn’t insistent and put his daughter down on the ground as she wanted. However, just as he was about to reach for Estella’s hand, he realized she had already scampered away.
For a moment, Lucian was stunned as he subconsciously turned to look behind him.
To his surprise, he saw Roxanne and the rest smiling fondly at Estella, with the former even walking toward the little girl.
###Chapter 86
Chapter 86
It was a rare sight as Estella ran toward the school’s entrance while waving wordlessly at Roxanne and 
the boys. 
Seeing that the little girl was too caught up in the excitement to care about road safety, Roxanne 
quickly rushed over to hold her hand. When she saw Lucian walking calmly toward them, she couldn’t 
help but feel a sense of helplessness. 
Estella grinned from ear to ear as she held Roxanne’s hand. Once they stopped walking, she even 
hugged the latter’s leg affectionately. 
Archie and Benny weren’t jealous either and greeted Estella with big, friendly smiles. 
When Lucian finally came to stand beside them, Benny boldly tugged at his suit sleeve. 
Puzzled, the man lowered his head to look at the boy. 
“Good morning, Mr. Farwell!” Benny exclaimed, flashing an innocent grin. 
Lucian raised his eyebrows slightly, but his surprise soon turned to gentleness. “Oh, good morning to 
you too.” 
Having gotten his father’s reply, Benny smiled even brighter. 
Archie, however, merely pursed his lips and gave Lucian a nod. 
Of course, Lucian returned the greeting in the same manner. 
Upon seeing how close the two families seemed, Pippa mused, “Wow, Ms. Jarvis, I suppose you must 
be on excellent terms with Estella. That’s pretty rare, you know? I’ve taught her for so long, yet she’s 
never been this clingy with me.” 
Roxanne glanced at the little girl holding her leg and simply answered with a chuckle. 
Estella refused to leave Roxanne’s side, but that didn’t matter since it was still early, and not many 
children had arrived at the kindergarten. 
Thus, Roxanne and the kids decided to remain standing at the door to chat with Pippa. 
Fortunately, Lucian had called the kindergarten head the night before to scrap the twins’ expulsion, so 
Pippa never once mentioned how close Archie and Benny had been to getting kicked out of school. 
Naturally, Roxanne continued to be kept in the dark. 
After the three kids held hands and walked into school together, Roxanne turned around to prepare to 
leave. Alas, she felt her heart skip a beat when she accidentally met Lucian’s gaze. 
She had been chatting with Pippa for so long that she almost forgot that Lucian was standing quietly 
behind her. 
*If there’s nothing else, I’ll be off to work, Mr. Farwell,” Roxanne uttered, striding off before Lucian could 
even say anything. 
As he watched her retreating figure, Lucian’s gaze darkened. 
The sight of Roxanne and the three kids chatting with Pippa earlier had left him in a daze. To him, it felt 
as though they were a family. 
Only after Roxanne had sped off in her car did Lucian finally gather his thoughts and walk to his 
Bentley 
After leaving the kindergarten, Roxanne made a beeline for the research institute. 
Thanks to the Queen family’s supply of herbs, the once-stagnant research gradually got back on track 
and continued to progress smoothly. 
Roxanne kept herself busy the entire morning, and by the time Jonathan called, it was already noon. 
“Dr. Jarvis, what time will you be dropping by this afternoon? I’ll wait for you at home.” 
Hearing that, Roxanne suddenly recalled her appointment with Alfred for his treatment. 
Oh my gosh. I’ve been so busy this morning that if it weren’t for Jonathan’s reminder, I’d have forgotten 
something as important as this. 
Snapping herself out of it, Roxanne glanced at the work she had left and gave Jonathan a time. 
Despite that, she made it a point to arrive earlier before her appointment that afternoon. 
асчи 
The Queens’ butler was already acquainted with Roxanne and knew her treatment was working 
wonders for Alfred’s health. As such, his attitude toward her underwent a one-eighty, and he now 
treated her with the utmost respect. 
Roxanne had only just stepped into the house when her brows furrowed at the person sitting on the
couch. 
“We meet again, Ms. Jarvis,” Aubree piped up. 
Even though she was wearing a smile, there was no hiding the cold glint in her eyes.
###Chapter 87
Chapter 87
Roxanne quickly composed herself and shifted her gaze from Aubree to Jonathan. 
Sharp-eyed as usual, it didn’t take long for Jonathan to notice the awkwardness between the two 
women. He casually approached Roxanne, making sure to block Aubree’s line of sight as he did. 
“Dr. Jarvis, my grandfather is already waiting for you upstairs. Shall we go up now?” 
Roxanne nodded. 
With that, Jonathan turned to Aubree to excuse himself and began walking toward the stairs with 
Roxanne in tow. 
As soon as the two of them got to the stairway, Aubree spoke up again. “Ms. Jarvis, I heard that your 
course of treatment has helped Old Mr. Queen a lot. I think I shall use this chance to visit him and see 
you work your magic.” 
Right after saying that, Aubree followed behind them. 
Roxanne knitted her brows, clearly displeased. However, since Jonathan didn’t to it, she had no 
choice but to pretend that Aubree didn’t exist. 
Under Roxanne’s treatment, Alfred had recovered a fair bit, so much so that he was well enough to 
move back into his bedroom. 
When they got to his room, they found Alfred propped up in bed and looking like he was in good spirits. 
“Grandpa, Dr. Jarvis is here,” Jonathan announced as he led Roxanne to the bed. 
After hearing that, Alfred peered at Roxanne with a grateful smile. “Dr. Jarvis, thank you so much for 
treating me. If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t still be alive today.” 
Alfred had seen Roxanne during the previous treatments, but he had been so weak that he could 
barely talk. Now that he had recuperated for a couple of days, he finally found the energy to thank the 
latter personally. 
“Don’t mention it, Old Mr. Queen,” Roxanne replied with a polite smile. “After all, I’m a doctor, and 
you’re my patient. I feel just as happy and accomplished to see you on the road to recovery.” 
Without further ado, she sat by the bed and began sterilizing her tools. 
Seeing how focused she was, Alfred’s appreciation for her instantly grew beyond words. 
Of course, Aubree was upset at Alfred’s reaction and quickly walked up to him to block his view of 
Roxanne. “Hello, Old Mr. Queen.” 
Alfred finally noticed Aubree’s presence and nodded at her. “Oh, Aubree, you’re here too.” 
“When I heard that you’ve woken up, I really wanted to visit you sooner,” Aubree said as she sat beside 
Alfred. “But I’ve been so busy at work that I couldn’t find the time to drop by. Thankfully, I 
managed to free up my schedule today, so I rushed here immediately.” 
‘The next second. Aubree glanced at Roxanne and added, “Lucian was supposed to come too, but he’s 
swamped with work and told me to send you his regards. We’re all just relieved to know that you’ve 
gotten better.” 
Alfred beamed with gratitude. “You and Lucian are good kids. You’re both busy with work, yet you still 
put in so much effort to find me a doctor.” 
“There’s no need to stand on ceremony with us, Old Mr. Queen,” Aubree lightly chided. “You’re like a 
grandfather to Lucian and me. It’s only right that we do everything we can for you.” 
Even as she was talking, Aubree’s gaze lingered on Roxanne, her eyes full of pride and conceit. 
It was evident from the conversation that Alfred had already regarded Aubree and Lucian as a family. 
Rationally speaking, Roxanne knew their relationship had nothing to do with her. However, for some 
inexplicable reason, she just couldn’t shrug off the strange feeling inside her. 
After sterilizing all her tools, Roxanne tamped down her emotions and walked toward Alfred and 
Aubree. “Please step aside, Ms. Pearson. I’m going to start the treatment now.” 
Aubree was still happily chatting away with Alfred when Roxanne’s voice had the latter turning his 
attention back to her. 
Left with no other choice, Aubree slowly put her smile away and stepped back with her teeth gritted.
###Chapter 88
Chapter 88
By the time the treatment was over, Frieda had also returned home. 
Upon finding out from the butler that Roxanne was treating Alfred, she made a beeline for the latter’s 
bedroom. 
“Grandpa, how are you feeling?” Frieda asked concernedly the moment she stepped into the room. 
Alfred nodded slightly. “Much better.” 
Having lived for so long, he had gained an understanding of how traditional medicine worked and had 
also consulted countless famous doctors. 
Roxanne, however, had come as a delightful surprise to him. 
After each course of her treatment, Alfred would always feel a significant improvement in his health, 
which was something that not even the best doctors in the world could achieve. 
ASS 
Frieda looked her grandfather over and finally nodded with a smile. “That’s good to hear.” 
Then, she turned to Aubree and added, “Have you come to visit Grandpa too, Aubree? Since it’s 
getting late, why don’t you stay for dinner?” 
Naturally, Aubree had no ions to that and grinned broadly. “In that case, don’t mind if I stay and 
bother you, Old Mr. Queen.” 
Alfred merely chuckled and nodded. 
Now that Frieda was home, Roxanne hastened her packing, not wanting to stay and interact with the 
women any further. 
Just then, Alfred smiled and turned to her. “Dr. Jarvis, why don’t you stay for dinner too? I could use 
this opportunity to thank you properly.” 
Roxanne froze momentarily and was racking her brain for an excuse when Alfred continued, “Invite 
Lucian over too. It’d be great to gather everyone for a hearty meal. We can treat it as a celebration of 
my recovery, can’t we? Besides, it’s been a while since I had any fun.” 
Needless to say, Jonathan acceded to his grandfather’s request and immediately left the room to call
Lucian. 
That, however, made Roxanne’s heart skip a beat. After packing her tools back into the medical box, 
she hurriedly stood up and bid farewell to Alfred. “Since it’s a family dinner, I don’t think it’d be 
appropriate for me to join. If you really must thank me, we can always find another day for it, Old Mr. 
Queen.” 
Although Roxanne had met Lucian plenty of times since she returned from overseas and was also 
acutely aware of his relationship with Aubree, she truly loathed the thought of seeing them together. 
In fact, the mental image of them sitting next to each other was enough to make her feel ill at ease. 
Therefore, it was no surprise that she was in a hurry to leave. 
It was apparent that Roxanne was reluctant to stay, and it didn’t take long for Frieda to figure out why. 
“But you’re my grandfather’s lifesaver, Dr. Jarvis. Let’s dispense with the formalities, shall we?” Frieda 
said as her lips curled into a sardonic smile. “Moreover, this is Grandpa’s way of showing his 
appreciation. Join us for dinner if you have nothing on later.” 
Realizing that Frieda was up to no good, Roxanne’s brows creased slightly. 
Jonathan had just gotten off the phone when he overheard Frieda’s words. Thinking that his sister was 
merely trying to be a good host, he chimed in, “Lucian will be coming over in a bit. You’ve met him 
before. I’m sure he’d like some updates on Grandpa’s recovery, so it’d be good if you could stay to help 
answer his questions.” 
Since she couldn’t bring herself to say no to that, Roxanne could only nod in agreement. 
Frieda walked up to hold Aubree’s arm while giving Roxanne a mocking gaze. Well, well, well. I can’t 
believe the doctor really has the guts to stay. 
As it turned out, Frieda only asked Roxanne to stay because Alfred had invited Lucian, and she wanted 
nothing more than to mess with the doctor. 
Given Roxanne’s relationship with Lucian, I wonder how she’d react when she sees him with other 
women. Oh, I can’t wait to find out!
###Chapter 89
Chapter 89
Before the group headed downstairs, Alfred asked Roxanne if he could get out of bed in his condition. 
As soon as he got the green light, he let Jonathan and the butler hold him and slowly made his way 
down the stairs. 
Roxanne kept her head hung low as she sat at the dining table, trying her best to make herself less 
visible. 
Unfortunately, Frieda seemed to want to make things difficult by intentionally firing questions at Aubree 
and her every so often. 
On account of Alfred, Roxanne answered them all. 
A while later, the butler’s voice rang out from the door. 
“Mr. Farwell.” 
arv 
Then, everyone heard Lucian give a brief response in his deep voice before seeing his tall and lean 
figure appear in front of them. 
“Hello, Old Mr. Queen,” Lucian greeted, his gaze slowly sweeping around the room. When his eyes fell 
on Roxanne, he couldn’t help but pause a moment. 
Roxanne dug her nails into her palms as she held his gaze and nodded at him calmly. 
Without further ado, Lucian raised his brows and responded with a small smile. 
“Take a seat, Lucian. Aubree’s been waiting for you for almost half a day,” Frieda said warmly, 
beckoning for him to sit beside Aubree. 
Earlier, she had used the excuse of her grandfather wanting to thank Roxanne to get the latter to sit in 
front of Alfred while she and Jonathan plopped themselves down beside the doctor. 
As such, the only seat left was the one next to Aubree. 
However, knowing that Lucian had a closer relationship with Alfred than she did, Aubree immediately 
stood up and gave her seat to him. 
That way, Lucian was now beside Alfred and also directly opposite Roxanne. 
Upon seeing him sit facing her, Roxanne felt herself tensing up as she slowly lowered her gaze. 
When dinner started, she quietly tucked into her meal and only spoke when Alfred talked to her. 
As for Aubree, she was more concerned about Lucian’s attitude toward Roxanne than anything else. 
Even when she was getting food for Alfred, she’d check Lucian’s line of sight and frequently talk to him 
so he wouldn’t focus too much on Roxanne. 
Of course, Roxanne was unaware of Aubree’s motives. All she knew was that their conversation really 
made them seem like a family, and she couldn’t shake off the uncomfortable feeling stirring inside her. 
Frieda glanced at Roxanne and was surprised to see her still so calm and composed. Hence, she 
turned to Aubree and said with a lilt to her voice, “Aubree, you and Lucian look so much in love! Have 
you picked a date for your wedding yet? I’m still waiting to be your bridesmaid!” 
As soon as those words were out, Roxanne froze in her tracks. 
Huh? What did she mean by that? Are Lucian and Aubree not married yet? 
Aubree, too, felt her smile freezing in place. After all, she hadn’t expected Frieda to bring up the 
wedding right there and then. 
Just as she began thinking about how best to change the topic, she felt Alfred’s concerned gaze on 
them. “That’s right. The two of you have been together for so many years. Even Estella has grown up 
too. Isn’t it time to settle down?” 
“Yes, you guys should’ve gotten married a long time ago. I don’t even know why you’ve dragged it on 
until now,” Jonathan teased. 
For a moment, everyone had their eyes on Lucian as they waited for his response. 
However, instead of replying immediately, he merely shot a quick look at the woman opposite 
him. 
Even though it was a brief moment, it hadn’t gone unnoticed by those at the dining table. 
Roxanne clenched her fists and managed to suppress her doubts before lifting her gaze to meet 
Lucian’s. 
Their eyes met for a fleeting second, and Lucian noticed the indifference on Roxanne’s face. He 
furrowed his brows, a trace of displeasure in his heart.
###Chapter 90
Chapter 90
Aubree hadn’t taken her eyes off Lucian, so when she saw him glancing at Roxanne for the marriage 
question, she began to burn with envy. 
“There’s no need to rush the wedding,” Lucian replied, still staring at Roxanne. 
Ha! Let’s see if she can still be so calm after this! 
Although Roxanne was taken aback momentarily by Lucian’s reply, it didn’t take long for her to regain 
her composure. 
So what if they aren’t married yet? It’s only a matter of time before they do. Why should I be súrprised? 
With that, Roxanne lowered her gaze and casually resumed eating. It was as though the earlier 
interaction had absolutely nothing to do with her. 
Aubree, on the other hand, found Lucian’s reply rather surprising. 
How weird. When I last spoke to Lucian about the wedding, he already hinted at wanting to call it off. 
Why would he change his mind now? 
Alfred frowned, clearly unhappy with Lucian’s reply. 
However, before he could say anything more, Aubree hastily said, “Lucian’s right. In any case, I won’t 
be running off anytime. There’s no need to rush, Old Mr. Queen. We’re doing just fine, aren’t we? 
Besides, it hasn’t been easy for Lucian to find time to visit you, so let’s not talk about us. We should be 
talking about happier things!” 
If we drag this topic on any longer, I’m afraid Lucian might turn the tables and reveal his intention to 
end our engagement. How can I risk letting him say that in front of Roxanne? I’d be so humiliated if he 
did! 
Once again, the eagle-eyed Jonathan noticed Aubree’s reluctance to talk about the wedding and 
chimed in, “That’s Lucian for you. He loves his job more than anything else. Leave them be, Grandpa. 
I’m sure Lucian has his plans.” 
“I don’t deny that work is important, but it isn’t right to keep putting off the wedding, is it?” Alfred 
grumbled. “It’s been so many years, yet Estella still doesn’t have a mother to look after her. I don’t
know what you guys are thinking, but I know my heart aches for her!” 
Flustered, Aubree gave a brief and vague response. 
As soon as she thought about Estella, Roxanne, too, felt a little heartbroken. 
Ah, no wonder the kid’s always clinging to me. It’s because she doesn’t have a mother, 
Just as she became lost in her thoughts, she suddenly heard Alfred calling her. 
“What about you, Dr. Jarvis? Are you married?” 
Roxanne snapped out of her daze and replied after a moment of stunned silence, “No. Not yet.” 
Alfred looked her up and down and curled his lips into a satisfied smile. “What do you think about 
Jonathan? Would you like to consider him?” 
After several treatments, Alfred had long developed an admiration for Roxanne. It would, without a 
doubt, be even better if she could join their family as his granddaughter-in-law. 
Caught off guard by the question, Roxanne stared back at Alfred, open-mouthed and speechless. 
Frieda shot a disgusted glance at Roxanne and scoffed, “Stop trying to play matchmaker, Grandpa. No 
matter how capable Dr. Jarvis is, it still won’t change the fact that she already has children. As far as I 
know, they aren’t very young either. Given my brother’s caliber, how can you tell him to marry a 
divorcee with kids? You may approve of it, but I won’t! Not ever!” 
“Is that so? Well, I never knew that,” Alfred muttered, genuinely surprised. 
“Yes, I’ve been divorced once. I don’t think I’d be good enough for Mr. Queen.” 
DI 
Hearing that, Alfred drew his brows together disapprovingly. “So what if you’re a divorcee? Given your 
talents, I’m sure you have no lack of suitors. What’s this nonsense about not being good enough? If the 
two of you do fall in love, I’ll be the first to give my stamp of approval!” 
Touched by Alfred’s enthusiasm, Roxanne chuckled. “Thank you for thinking so highly of me, Old Mr. 
Queen. Unfortunately, I don’t think Mr. Queen and I are suited for each other. Don’t worry. I’ll continue 
to keep an eye out for a suitable man.” 
“Yes. It must be tough being a single mother. Get married once you’ve found a suitable partner,” Alfred 
said with a nod. 
Roxanne, too, bobbed her head in agreement. 
As Lucian watched Alfred and Roxanne enjoying their chat, his gaze gradually darkened.
###Chapter 91
Chapter 91
After dinner, Alfred returned to his room to rest. 
Roxanne followed him to give him one final checkup before heading downstairs to bid her goodbye. 
“It’s so late now. Let me give you a lift home;” Jonathan piped up. 
“No, it’s fine,” Roxanne replied with a smile. “You still have guests to entertain.” 
Jonathan knew she was right and decided not to insist further. “In that case, please be careful on your 
way home. Oh, by the way, I hope you won’t take my grandfather’s words to heart. At his age, he tends 
to worry about things like that.” 
Roxanne merely smiled and turned to leave. 
“It’s getting late, and I still have work to do. I think I’ll be taking my leave now,” Lucian suddenly said 
when he saw Roxanne walking out of the mansion. 
Aubree, who had become very wary, decided to follow suit. “Oh, I’m also thinking about leaving. Let’s 
go together, then.” 
“No. It’s not like we’re taking the same routes. I’ll be going now,” Lucian answered indifferently, striding 
off before Aubree could say anything else. 
As she watched him walk away, Aubree stood in a daze, her face frozen with shock. 
Jonathan, too, couldn’t help but furrow his brows. 
Since dinner started, he could already feel something was wrong between Lucian and the two women, 
but unfortunately, he couldn’t put his finger on it. 
“Aubree?” Frieda mumbled, baffled at how stunned her friend was. 
Thankfully, Aubree was brought back to her senses and quickly forced out a smile. “Well, I still have 
work to do, so I shan’t disturb you guys any longer.” 
Even though Jonathan and Frieda could tell that something was amiss with Aubree, they refrained from 
asking any more questions. After exchanging a few more words, they eventually saw her off. 
Once they were back in the mansion, Jonathan immediately turned to his sister. “Hey, how did you 
know that Dr. Jarvis has kids?” 
Frieda pursed her lips. “I saw them when I was out for lunch with Aubree. Oh, I also know that she’s 
Lucian’s ex-wife! I can’t believe she had the gall to come back!” 
Upon hearing that, Jonathan was momentarily shocked before realization dawned on him. 
No wonder I had the nagging feeling that there was some awkwardness between Dr. Jarms and 
Lucian! She’s the woman from six years ago! 
Even after leaving the mansion and getting into her car, Roxanne still felt pretty unsettled from the 
conversations at the dining table. 
She took a moment to collect her thoughts and only started the car when she had calmed herself down. 
All of a sudden, someone rapped on the window. 
Roxanne whipped her head around in the direction of the sound, but when she saw who it was, she 
looked away and pretended not to have heard anything. 
Alas, the person outside knocked on the window again, going so far as to bend down to peer into the 
car. 
Even though Roxanne knew no one could see her from the outside, she couldn’t help but tense up. 
After some hesitation, she finally gave in and rolled down the window. “What is it?” 
As it turned out, Lucian had been the one standing beside the car. When he heard Roxanne’s voice, he 
calmly raised his brows. “I didn’t drive here today. Mind giving me a lift if it’s convenient for you?”, 
With that, he reached a hand out for the car door. 
Unfortunately, before Roxanne could even get her bearings, Lucian had already entered the car and 
settled into the passenger seat. 
He promptly fastened his seatbelt and added, “Let’s go.” 
Roxanne finally came to her senses, but she was anything but pleased. “Where’s your chauffeur?” 
“It’s already so late. Since I can easily get a ride, why should I trouble him to come all the way here!” 
Those words rendered Roxanne speechless, and it took a while before she blurted out, “If I remember 
correctly, Ms. Pearson hasn’t left either. I think she’d be happy to give you a lift.
###Chapter 92
Chapter 92
Chapter 92 Estella 
As soon as the words left Roxanne’s mouth, an awkward silence befell the car. 
Having realized what she had said, she instantly felt a pang of regret and lowered her gaze, not saying 
anything more. 
Lucian stared at Roxanne’s side profile, his gaze dark and indecipherable. 
Does she resist me this much? Why must she always push me to Aubree? 
After a while, he replied coldly, “She still has something on and doesn’t have plans to leave yet.” 
Roxanne gripped the steering wheel angrily. 
How dare he! Aubree’s too busy to give him a lift, but that doesn’t mean I’m obliged to do so! 
Unfortunately, with the way Lucian sat unmoving in his seat, Roxanne knew she’d never be able to 
chase him out of the car. 
As such, she had no choice but to start the engine and drive off from the Queens’ mansion. 
At the same time, Aubree marched out of the mansion and immediately turned livid when she saw 
Lucian through the rearview mirror. 
Without further ado, she hopped into her car and followed them. 
Once they had gotten onto the main road, Roxanne suddenly recalled something. “Where are you 
going?” 
Lucian had had a long day at work and still had to rush over to join Alfred for dinner. Now that he finally 
found a moment of peace, he could feel the waves of exhaustion washing over him. 
After hearing Roxanne’s question, he quickly massaged his temples to wake himself up. “To the office. I 
remember it’s along the way for you.” 
“It’s already so late, though. Are you still going to work overtime?” Roxanne asked gently, her brows 
knitted as she glanced at him. 
Lucian merely hummed his acknowledgment, too tired to say anything else. 
For some reason, he always felt so relaxed when he was around Roxanne. 
Seeing as how Lucian had no intention to talk, Roxanne, too, continued driving in silence. 
However, every time she thought about how he was sitting right beside her, questions would start 
flooding her mind. 
She remembered that before their divorce. Lucian had once said Aubree was the only woman qualified 
to marry him and that their marriage had to be put on hold solely because of Roxanne. 
Naturally, that became a thorn in her side for years. 
It was much later when she finally thought things through and decided to grant Lucian his freedom. 
I thought that once I left, he’d immediately marry Aubree. But it’s been six years since then, and they 
still haven’t had their wedding. What on earth happened during that time? 
With that in mind, Roxanne instinctively glanced at the man beside her. She was on the verge of 
shooting the question when she once again suppressed that urge. 
Ultimately, this is a private matter between Lucian and Aubree. What right do I have to question them 
when I’m nothing more than an outsider? Besides, whatever happened between them couldn’t possibly 
be my fault. 
Lucian closed his eyes. Just when he hoped he could finally rest his mind, a wave of random thoughts 
instantly came over him. 
He didn’t know what had gotten over him either. His chauffeur had been waiting for him outside the 
mansion, but when he saw Roxanne getting into her car, all he wanted was to follow her. 
By the time Lucian realized what he had done, he had already come face to face with Roxanne through 
the car window. 
Of course, it went without saying that he had to get into the car. 
Could it be because I overheard Roxanne’s conversation with Old Mr. Queen? The sheer thought of 
her marrying some other guy makes me so frustrated! 
All of a sudden, the ringing of Lucian’s phone broke the silence in the car. 
He quickly gathered his thoughts and stared at the caller display, his gaze darkening as he did. 
“Mr. Farwell, when are you coming back? Ms. Estella has a fever.” Catalina said anxiously. 
Lucian’s expression turned cold immediately. “Got it. I’ll be right back.” 
As soon as he hung up the phone, he turned to Roxanne. “Can you please send me back to the 
manor? Essie’s not feeling well, so I have to go check on her.”
###Chapter 93
Chapter 93
P anne overheard Catalina’s words through the phone and know Estella wasn’t feeling well. She 
promptly got worried. 
After hearing what Lucian had to say, she made a U-turn and sped toward the Farwell residence. 
Twenty minutes later, her car rolled to a stop outside the Farwell residence. 
Recalling Estella’s condition, Roxanne shot the man a dubious look. “Take good care of Essie. If you 
need my help, just let me know anytime.” 
Lucian met her gaze mockingly. “If you’re that worried about her, why don’t you take a look at her? 
Besides, Essie adores you. If she sees you when she’s sick, I believe she’ll feel better.” 
With that said, he opened the door and got out before heading in the direction of the mansion. 
It appeared he was leaving it up to her whether she wanted to visit Estella. 
The sight of his back caused Roxanne to frown slightly. 
Essie’s sick. Shouldn’t he get her mother to visit her? No matter how busy Aubree is, she won’t ignore 
her sick daughter, right? 
As the thought of the little girl sick in bed popped up in her mind, she exited the car and walked into the 
mansion behind Lucian. 
na 
The moment Lucian stepped into the house, Catalina came forward to greet him with Estella in her 
arms. 
“Mr. Farwell, you’re finally back. Ms. Estella’s sick, so I wanted her to rest in bed. However, she insisted 
on waiting for you. I had no choice but to keep her company downstairs,” Catalina reported. 
Estella’s cheeks were flushed, and there was a cooling patch stuck on her forehead. She looked really 
weak. 
At the sight of her father, she stretched her arms out to ask him to hold her. 
Lucian took her into his arms and tested her temperature. His brows snapped together as he asked, 
“Why did she suddenly have a fever?” 
Catalina cast Estella a worried look. “Ms. Estella seemed to be in low spirits after she got home from 
kindergarten. She ate little at dinner. I thought she was sleepy and brought her upstairs to take a 
shower before realizing she was running a temperature. I called the family doctor, who prescribed her 
some medicine. However, Ms. Estella insisted on seeing you before she would head to bed,” she 
explained. 
Lucian shot her a curt nod and patted Estella’s back. “Do you still feel unwell? he inquired, concern 
evident in his voice. 
Estella flung her arms around Lucian’s neck and buried her head into the crook of his neck 
before giving a weak nod. 
Lucian patted her head comfortingly. 
“Mr. Farwell, now that you’re back, you should bring her upstairs so she can rest,” Catalina urged. 
However, Lucian hesitated. “Let’s wait for a bit.” 
Catalina gazed at him in bafflement, for she had no idea what he was waiting for. 
She was starting to panic when light footsteps sounded at the door. 
Why does that sound like a woman? 
The three of them turned to look at the door. 
Lucian’s gaze softened at the sight of the newcomer. 
Catalina stiffened in disbelief. She couldn’t believe her eyes when she realized who the newcomer 
was. 
Roxanne had just stepped into the house when she realized three pairs of eyes had landed on her. She 
immediately halted in her tracks. 
She was filled with mixed emotions when she realized the mansion looked almost the same. 
Six years ago, this was her house. 
She had lived here for a few years. Lucian might be indifferent to her, but he allowed her to do anything 
she wanted. 
Thus, some of the decorations in the house were bought by her. 
She thought Lucian would change everything after her departure, but to her surprise, everything
remained the same six years later. 
After glancing around the house briefly, Roxanne averted her gaze and scoffed at herself silently. 
I can’t believe I’m feeling nostalgic after seeing the old decorations. 
Never in her wildest dreams did she realize that Lucian didn’t touch any decorations as he never paid 
any attention to them.
###Chapter 94
Chapter 94
Snapping out of her reverie, Roxanne tamped down her feelings and went to them. 
Estella was running a fever, but her eyes were sparkling adorably. She had brightened up considerably 
after spotting Roxanne and was staring at the latter carnestly. 
Roxanne gave her a concerned look. 
In response, Estella reached out to ask Roxanne to hold her. 
Seeing that, Roxanne glanced at Lucian instinctively. 
She’s sick, so why is she asking a stranger to hold her instead of staying with her dad? What will 
Lucian think about her action? 
To her surprise, Lucian offered Estella to her calmly. 
TS 
After a brief hesitation, Roxanne took Estella into her arms. 
..The moment Roxanne touched the little girl, she could feel the heat emanating from the small 
body. Estella felt like a heater in her arms. 
Without a second’s hesitation, Roxanne pressed her cheek to Estella’s to check the latter’s 
temperature. 
The cooling sensation from her cheek caused Estella’s eyes to droop as she let out a soft sigh. 
“You’re running a high fever,” Roxanne commented as she hugged Estella closer. Softly, she asked, 
“Essie, do you feel uncomfortable?” 
Estella nodded silently. 
As the little girl’s eyes were red from the fever, Roxanne felt her heart ache. Turning to Catalina, she 
asked, “Has she taken her medicine?” 
Catalina regained her composure and nodded hastily. “Yes.” 
Carefully, she observed Roxanne and asked, “Mrs. Farwell, when did you return?” 
Catalina had worked for the Farwell family for some time and used to serve Roxanne briefly when the 
latter married into the Farwell family. Back then, she had a lot of respect for the younger woman. 
Hence, she was quite surprised to learn that Roxanne had left without saying goodbye. 
I can’t believe Mrs. Farwell is back! 
Roxanne was taken aback to hear her greeting. Flashing a smile, she replied, “I’ve been back for some 
time. Please don’t address me that way. I left the Farwell family six years ago.” 
Realization struck Catalina as she lamented, “You haven’t changed, so I thought… Forget it. I’ll 
take note of that next time.” 
Roxanne bobbed her head. 
Catalina added, “Are you here to visit Ms. Estella?” 
Roxanne explained, “We bumped into each other at my patient’s house. I heard that Essie was sick 
and decided to come to pay her a visit.” 
Hearing that, Catalina felt a stab in her heart. “That’s good. Ms. Estella will surely get better quickly if 
you keep her company,” she muttered under her breath. 
Roxanne assumed Catalina was referring to the fact that she was a doctor and could treat Estella’s 
condition by taking care of her. Chuckling, she inclined her head and promised, “Don’t worry. I’ll help 
out if Essie needs me.” 
Catalina was puzzled after hearing her reply. 
Was 
Why is Ms. Jarvis acting all formal? Ms. Estella is her daughter. Isn’t it natural for her to take care of her 
sick daughter? Besides, Ms. Estella would feel better if her mother were to stay by her side. Back then, 
it was Ms. Jarvis who treated my headaches. I know she’s a great doctor, so she is definitely capable of 
treating Ms. Estella’s fever. 
A wave of regret hit Catalina when she recalled the times Roxanne was still around. 
Ms. Jarvis is pretty and smart. However, she never put on airs before us. She treated us as though we 
were part of her family. 
She couldn’t help but compare Roxanne to Aubree. Ms. Pearson, however, often shows up here 
without informing anyone. When Mr. Farwell isn’t around, she acts as though she’s the lady of the 
house and orders us around arrogantly. She never shows us any respect. I don’t know what Mr. Farwell
sees in her… 
Lucian fell into a daze temporarily when he heard how Catalina addressed Roxanne. 
However, when Roxanne corrected Catalina, his feelings became complicated.
###Chapter 95
The sight of Roxanne standing together with the other two reminded Catalina of the past. She wanted them to spend more time together and left after exchanging a few pleasantries.
Soon, only the three of them were left in the living room.
Lucian’s eyes darkened as he stared at them.
Sensing his gaze, Roxanne turned slightly and went to the couch to place Estella down.
However, Estella grabbed her shoulders tightly and refused to let her go.
Seeing this, Roxanne sat on the couch with her and said gently, “Essie, be a good girl. You’re sick and need to go to bed early. Do you want me to lull you to sleep?”
Estella buried her nose into the crook of Roxanne’s neck and shook her head.
Roxanne’s brows knitted. “Don’t you want to sleep?”
The little girl nodded and turned at her shoulder to point at the notebook on the table.Roxanne reached out and grabbed the notebook for her. She watched as Estella scribbled something on the notebook. This N?/velDra/ma.Org .
You’ll leave if I fall asleep. I don’t want you to leave.
After scribbling that down, Estella pursed her lips unhappily.
Roxanne read what she wrote as surprise flashed across her eyes.
Is Estella that attached to me?
Lucian had also read Estella’s words. He glanced at Roxanne and said sternly, “Ms. Jarvis has to go home. Be good and go to bed.”
Estella pouted and whipped her head around to seek Roxanne’s confirmation.
Roxanne nodded.
The boys were waiting for her at home. Lysa was taking care of them, but she would still worry about them.
Besides, she didn’t know how she should spend a night in the house she used to live in.
At her silent affirmation, Estella looked down sadly. She kept fiddling with the corner of Roxanne’s top and nearly crumpled it.
Roxanne couldn’t bear to see her upset.
A while later, Estella released her grip on the corner of Roxanne’s top.
Roxanne thought she was about to go to bed, but the little girl picked up the notebook again.
I want Daddy to bring the boys over. Please don’t leave, Ms, Jarvis.
After writing that, Estella turned around and wrapped her hands around Roxanne’s neck pitifully. She refused to let go.
Feeling the abnormal heat from the young girl’s body, Roxanne couldn’t bring herself to say no.
Finally, she sighed inwardly and caved in. “All right. I won’t leave. You can sleep now.”
Estella raised her head suspiciously.
Roxanne gave her head a comforting pat. “I’ll keep you company, so shut your eyes and sleep.”
Estella snuggled into her arms and promptly fell asleep. Her head rested on Roxanne’s shoulder, and she gripped Roxanne’s top tightly as though she was afraid the latter would leave secretly.
Roxanne felt her heart melt as she stared at the girl in her arms.
Lucian’s gaze dimmed when he saw their exchange. He joined them on the adjoining couch and told the butler to prepare two cups of coffee for them. Pulling his phone out, he proceeded to work from home.
He hadn’t been lying when he claimed he had to work overtime earlier. Recently, he had been extremely busy.
Silence ensued in the living room.
Hearing Estella’s steady breathing, Roxanne told the butler to bring her a blanket to cover Estella’s body.
The little girl flipped over in her arms as though the heat bothered her.
Carefully, Roxanne wiped the sweat off Estella’s brows, her eyes filled with gentleness.
###Chapter 96
She was busy taking care of Estella when her phone rang in her bag
Afraid Estella would rousc, she immediately covered Estella’s ears and was about to get up to take her phone. To her surprise, Lucian got to his feet and came over to her with her phone.
“Thank you,” Roxanne thanked him softly.
Glancing at the screen, she immediately berated herself for forgetting about her sons.
“Mommy!” the boys yelled the minute the call connected. “When are you coming home?”
Roxanne lowered her voice. “I’m busy tonight, so I might come home late. Have you had dinner?”
The boys replied, “Yes, we did. What about you? Don’t forget to take care of yourself even if you’re busy!”
Touched, Roxanne chuckled. “I know. I’ve eaten earlier. Don’t wait up for me. Good night!” 
“Got it, Mommy. Try to come home as early as possible. Don’t tire yourself out!” the boys responded in unison.
Her lips curved into a grin. Roxanne chatted with them briefly before hanging up.
Beside her, Lucian heard the boys’ voices faintly and placed his work aside. He looked at her and was about to ask whether she had to head home to take care of them, but the sight of her tender expression made him change his mind.
“Who normally takes care of the boys when you’re busy? Do they stay at home? Or do you hire someone to take care of them?” he asked.
Roxanne told him, “My friend helps out. Now, Lysa will take care of them.”
Lucian asked, “Was it the same when you were working overseas?”
Despite not knowing why he posed that question, Roxanne answered instinctively, “I’d hire someone to take care of them or bring them to my workplace. My colleagues loved them.”
Right after those words left her mouth, the living room went silent again.
Roxanne lowered her gaze to check on the little girl’s condition.
“They’re older now and easier to take care of. It must have been hard when they were younger,” Lucian said suddenly. His gaze fell on her as he pretended to ask nonchalantly, “How old are the boys? They are of similar height to Essie, so they should be around the same age.”
The sudden question made Roxanne’s heart’lurch to her throat.
Every time the boys spent time with Lucian, she worried that he’d discover the truth. Thus, she kept reminding the boys to keep their ages a secret.
She didn’t expect to be asked the question in person.
Averting her gaze, she fell silent for some time before replying, “They are around four years old. It’s normal for boys to grow faster than girls.”
That was the answer she came to a consensus with Archie and Benny previously. It was a lie, for Lucian might recall the night from six years ago if he were to know the boys’ real age. She didn’t want that to happen.
After giving her answer, she waited anxiously for him to respond.
Sometime later, she heard the man grunt in acknowledgment.
As he didn’t pursue the matter, Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief deep down.
Lucian returned his attention to the email on his phone, but he couldn’t focus on work.
The boys are around four years old, so they are one year younger than Essie. That would mean that she ended up with another man right after giving birth to Essie. She then gave birth to the boys shortly after. 
As that thought occurred to him, Lucian scowled in displeasure.
They were both engrossed in their thoughts when Estella moved.
Roxanne lowered her head.
Estella’s brows furrowed together as she started sobbing pitifully. Her entire face was scrunched up.
###Chapter 97
Chapter 97
Hearing her sobs, Lucian glanced in their direction. 
Roxanne patted Estella’s back comfortingly, but the latter’s sobs merely grew louder. Tossing the 
blanket aside, she sat up and threw herself into Roxanne’s arms. 
Her hands held Roxanne’s top tightly as she cried sadly. Gradually, she opened her eyes and stared at 
Roxanne’s face intently. 
Her sobs died down after she confirmed Roxanne was still around. 
By then, her cheeks were crimson from her fever and sobs. Roxanne felt her heart aching, for the little 
girl reminded her of her boys. 
“Hush, Essie. I’m right here. Don’t cry,” Roxanne cajoled her while wiping the tears off her cheeks 
tenderly. 
Estella sniffled as tears continued to trickle down. However, she wasn’t about to release her grasp on 
Roxanne’s top. 
The sweat from her palms drenched Roxanne’s top and crumpled it up. Nevertheless, Roxanne didn’t 
utter a word and comforted her patiently. 
Soon, Estella fell asleep. Even in her sleep, she couldn’t stop sniffling. 
Roxanne wrapped her up in the blanket gingerly, leaving only her hands outside since she was still 
holding Roxanne’s top in her sleep. 
An unfathomable glint flashed across Lucian’s eyes as he watched their intimate exchange. In the end, 
he chose not to say a word. 
Catalina was still worried, so she came over to check on them. She was pleased to see Estella sound 
asleep in Roxanne’s arms. “Indeed, Ms. Estella can sleep soundly when she’s with you. Previously, she 
was a difficult child whenever she got sick. No one could calm her down, not even Mr. Farwell.” 
Roxanne widened her eyes in disbelief. 
What about Aubree? She’s Essie’s mother. Can’t she calm Essie down? By the way, why didn’t she 
show up at all now that Essie’s sick? Where is she? Doesn’t she care about her daughter? 
She was about to pose that question when Lucian’s voice rang out. 
“She’ll probably wake up again tonight. Why don’t you bring her to the guest room? You’ll get to rest 
there, too.” 
Catalina chimed in, “Yes, it’s late. You came here with Mr. Farwell after work, so you must be 
exhausted. You should head upstairs and get some rest along with Ms. Estella. 
Roxanne swallowed her question and shot the second floor a hesitating look. The past events emerged 
in her mind as bitterness engulfed her heart. She shook her head to reject the offer. “No 
nccd. I’ll just rest here briefly. Essie only fell asleep a while ago, so I don’t want to wake her.” 
Lucian and Catalina gave up on trying to convince her to change her mind. 
Catalina then chatted with her briefly before leaving them alone. 
The living room turned quiet. 
Roxanne’s guard was still up after Lucian mentioned Archie and Benny’s age, so she gazed at the 
sleeping little girl and avoided looking at him. 
Lucian didn’t utter a word for a long while, so she gradually relaxed. 
Her schedule had been packed today. In the afternoon, she had spent a lot of effort treating Alfred, so 
her energy was quite low by now. 
Estella’s warm body and steady breathing made Roxanne grow drowsy. 
Despite trying her best to stay awake, she soon fell into a deep sleep.
###Chapter 98
Chapter 98
The living room was enveloped in silence for some time. 
Lucian lifted his head to see Roxanne sleeping with Estella in her arms. 
As she was holding Estella, her posture was awkward, so she couldn’t really sleep peacefully. Every 
time she woke up to shift slightly, she would tighten her arms. 
That very sight pulled at Lucian’s heartstrings. 
Catalina showed up again to check on Estella. She had just arrived at the couch when her employer 
gestured for her to lower her voice. 
Tiptoeing over, Catalina glanced at the sleeping mother and daughter on the couch. A smile nudged 
her lips. 
Indeed, the bond between mother and daughter can never be broken. They haven’t met for years, but 
Ms. Estella is still instinctively attached to her mother, and Ms. Jarvis adores her daughter. 
She frowned at the sight of the little blanket barely covering their bodies and tiptoed away. Soon, she 
came back with a bigger blanket and offered it to Lucian. 
Lucian’s brows snapped together. He hesitated briefly before accepting the blanket from Catalina. 
Bending his body, he draped the blanket over them carefully and tucked Roxanne in. 
After that, he was about to get up when his gaze landed on Roxanne’s sleeping face. 
Lucian froze, and he couldn’t keep his gaze off her. 
This was the first time he had ever seen her up close. 
It was obvious that she wasn’t sleeping well. Her lashes would flutter occasionally as though she would 
wake up any minute. 
Lucian wondered when she would wake up. 
Suddenly, she frowned in her sleep as her head slipped off the couch. 
Before she could fall off the couch, Lucian reached out instinctively to protect her head. She fell into his 
embrace instead. 
Suddenly, he registered the sensation of her soft cheek brushing against his palm. 
Lucian’s gaze turned dark. Afraid of waking her up, he didn’t move an inch. 
Roxanne was in his embrace, and Estella was in Roxanne’s embrace. 
Seeing that, a thought occurred to Catalina. Ms. larvis left six years ago, but it might not be impossible 
for her to come back. 
She beamed at them and suggested, “Mr. Farwell, you should bring them upstairs to get some 
rest. If Ms. Jarvis sleeps here tonight, her body will ache tomorrow. She still has to go to work, right?” 
A deep line appeared in the middle of Lucian’s brows as he pondered over her suggestion. Shortly 
after, he gave a curt nod. 
Catalina took Estella in her arms. Fortunately, Estella was sound asleep and didn’t wake up despite 
being moved. 
Holding Estella in her arms, Catalina grinned and said, “You’ll have to bring Ms. Jarvis upstairs.” 
Then, she stood aside and waited for Lucian to take action. 
Lucian paused upon hearing those words. 
It took him a long while before he made up his mind and picked Roxanne up carefully. 
In his arms, Roxanne’s head lolled aside weakly before he rested her head on his shoulder. Even after 
he got to his feet, she didn’t rouse. 
Lucian stared at her and frowned unhappily. 
She’s as light as a feather. Has she not been taking care of herself over the years? 
Catalina flashed a gratified smile at the sight of Lucian carrying Roxanne. 
No matter what, Mr. Farwell and Ms. Jarvis are the perfect couple!
###Chapter 99
Chapter 99
Roxanne was indeed knackered. Usually, she was a light sleeper. However, she slept so soundly that 
night and didn’t even realize that she was being brought upstairs to the guest room. 
Lucian came to a stop beside the bed and placed her down. He made sure her head was resting on the 
pillow before he got to his feet. 
Behind them, Catalina’s grin widened when she saw how Lucian took care of Roxanne. She put Estella 
beside Roxanne and tucked them in before stepping back. 
As Lucian was still gazing at Roxanne, she offered, “Mr. Farwell, why don’t you get some rest? I’ll keep 
them company. You have to head to the office tomorrow, right?” 
Lucian shook his head. “No need for that. I’m not tired. Essie’s sick, so I’ll take care of her myself. You 
can get off work now.” 
Catalina was amused. He’s worried about Ms. Estella? But his eyes are fixed on Ms. Jarvis! Hmm, it 
should be a good idea to leave them alone. They can spend some time together and hopefully grow 
closer as a family. 
With that thought in mind, Catalina left the room quietly. 
The only light source in the room came from a dim night lamp. 
Under the light, Lucian observed Roxanne’s features without a word. 
She still had the same gorgeous face from six years ago, but when her eyes were open, she would be 
a completely different person. 
In fact, he found himself attracted to her now when he wasn’t interested in her in the past, 
I wonder how she spent the last six years. 
A while later, Roxanne’s brows furrowed all of a sudden. 
Lucian frowned as well. Is she having a nightmare? What could it be? She seems uneasy even when 
she’s asleep. 
In a dream, Roxanne was back to the day when Lucian shot her a disgusted look. 
He didn’t even utter a word, but Roxanne could already tell what he was going to say. She staggered
backward and covered her ears so she wouldn’t hear what he had to say. 
Even so, the man’s cruel words resonated in her brain, “I’ll never like you!” 
That sentence reverberated around and refused to die down. 
Feeling suffocated, Roxanne struggled for some time before jolting awake. 
Her surroundings were dark, so it felt like she was still in a dream. 
Roxanne’s heart sank to her stomach. 
“What’s wrong? Did you have a nightmare?” Lucian’s deep voice rang beside her. 
His voice overlapped with the voice she heard in her dream. 
Roxanne’s heart lurched as she lifted her head to look at him. 
The man stood in the shadows, so his expression wasn’t visible. When she didn’t reply to him, he 
frowned and took another step forward. 
Roxanne thought she was still in her dreams and panicked when he moved. Instinctively, she held the 
corner of the bed and retreated hastily. 
Lucian halted in his tracks and softened his voice. “What did you dream of?” 
After he stepped out of the shadows, Roxanne saw the concern on his face. 
It took a few seconds for Roxanne to realize that she was no longer dreaming. She regained her 
composure and replied calmly, “Nothing. It was just a nightmare.” 
She turned and saw Estella sleeping soundly beside her. Reaching out, she felt the little girl’s forehead. 
Estella’s fever had subsided by now, so she should be doing fine by morning. 
Roxanne retracted her hand and got out of bed. After tidying herself, she said softly, “Essie will recover 
by morning, but make sure she doesn’t catch a cold. I should head back now” 
When she spun on her heels to leave, a large hand grabbed her wrist at once.
###Chapter 100
Chapter 100
Roxanne stopped and turned at her shoulder in confusion. 
Lucian’s brows were knitted deeply. “It’s four in the morning. You only slept for a while, so I won’t let 
you drive back home alone. Besides, what will I tell Essie? You promised you wouldn’t leave. If she 
wakes up and doesn’t see you around, she’ll definitely kick up a fuss and might even run to your house. 
She’s still weak. What if she gets sick again?” 
When she heard that, Roxanne frowned. She didn’t want to stay here after her earlier nightmare. 
Nevertheless, she did promise Estella that she would stay the night. 
Sensing her dilemma, Lucian scowled and declared, “Don’t worry. Essie only needs you now. In the 
future, I won’t let her disturb your life if it’s nothing important.” 
With that said, he released his grip on her. 
Roxanne found his words strange, for it felt as though he was mocking her for no reason. An uneasy 
feeling rose in her heart. 
Estella rolled over as though she had sensed Roxanne’s departure. The little girl patted the empty bed 
and whined softly. 
Hearing that, they both turned to look at her. 
Roxanne couldn’t bring herself to break her promise to Estella. She hesitated before saying, “I’ll keep 
Essie company. Mr. Farwell, I don’t think it’s suitable for you to remain here when I sleep, though.” 
Clearly, she wanted him to leave. 
Silence ensued as Lucian’s fury heightened. In the end, he replied icily, “All right. Please take good 
care of Essie, then.” 
He then stormed out of the room. 
As the door clicked shut, Roxanne sighed in relief and went back to lie down beside Estella. 
Estella inched nearer to her as though she was seeking warmth. 
Roxanne felt her heart going soft, and she reached out to pull the little girl into her arms. 
Estella’s lips curled as she sighed comfortably in her mother’s embrace. 
The sight made Roxanne’s heart melt. The anxiety caused by her earlier nightmare faded into thin air, 
and she fell asleep gradually. 
The next morning, Estella woke up in Roxanne’s arms. 
Her eyes lit up in delight when she realized she had spent the night in Roxanne’s embrace. 
I’m so happyl Ms. Jarvis didn’t leave and even spent the night with me! How I wish she could do the 
same every day. 
Roxmune was half awake when she sensed Estella’s laser-like gaze. Her mind cleared, and she woke 
up. That was when she met Estella’s sparkling eyes. Flashing a grin, she asked, “Good morning. Are 
you still unwell?” 
Estella shook her head profusely. 
Roxanne’s lips curved. “Good. Time to get up now.” 
She sat up from bed. 
Catalina knocked on the door and came in with fresh clothes. After that, Roxanne helped her to change 
Estella’s clothes. 
When they were done, Catalina wanted to bring Estella to the bathroom so the latter could wash up. 
However, Estella refused to let Catalina take her hand. 
“Ms. Jarvis, why don’t you bring Ms. Estella to the bathroom?” Catalina understood the little girl’s 
intention and handed her to Roxanne. 
Roxanne was used to taking care of her sons and agreed readily. She then brought Estella into the 
bathroom. 
After washing up, she braided Estella’s hair. 
Halfway through the braid, Estella brightened up and stared at the mirror earnestly. She didn’t move an 
inch from her spot in the chair. 
Lucian stood outside the bathroom, dressed in his suit. The buttons on his shirt were undone, so it was 
obvious that he had just woken up and washed up. He watched silently as Roxanne braided Estella’s 
hair.
###Chapter 101
Chapter 101
Chapter 101 Remarry 
After the braid was done, Roxanne led Estella out. 
She turned and spotted the man standing at the door. 
Immediately, the warmth in Lucian’s gaze disappeared and was replaced by an indifferent look. He told 
her courteously, “Breakfast’s ready. Let’s go downstairs.” 
With that, he turned around and left without waiting for them. 
Roxanne was rooted to the spot. 
His expression was different just now. It appeared for a fleeting moment only, though. Was I seeing 
things? 
Snapping out of her reverie, Roxanne led Estella down the stairs. 
Estella took the seat next to Lucian at the dining table. 
Roxanne was about to take the seat across from them when Estella tugged at her sleeves, forcing her 
to stop in her tracks. 
“Ms. Jarvis, why don’t you sit beside Ms. Estella?” Sensing Estella’s intention, Catalina chuckled and 
pulled out the chair beside the little girl. 
Estella nodded in agreement and gazed at Roxanne expectantly. 
At once, Roxanne glanced at the man sitting on the other side of the little girl. 
Lucian’s expression was stiff, and he averted his gaze as though he couldn’t be bothered where she 
sat. 
Estella tightened her grip. 
Roxanne hesitated slightly before occupying the seat next to Estella’s. 
During breakfast, Roxanne subconsciously helped Estella with the food. Lucian also did the same. 
Tiny, almost imperceptible crinkles formed around Estella’s eyes in joy. She ate all the food they placed 
on her plate obediently. 
After breakfast, Roxanne glanced at her watch. It was time for her to get to work, so she got up and 
bade goodbye to them. 
However, Estella seemed reluctant to let her leave. 
“Essie, be good. I need to go to work. I’ll visit you another day, all right?” Roxanne held her chubby 
hand and assured her. 
Hearing that, Estella released her grip on Roxanne’s top grudgingly and waved goodbye to her. 
Roxanne grinned and patted her head affectionately before turning to leave. 
Before heading to work, she went home to change her clothes. She was also worried about her sons 
and wanted to check on them. 
Back home, the boys lunged toward her. “Mommy! Why didn’t you come back home last night? Did 
something happen?” 
Lysa chuckled and explained, “They’ve been worried the entire night and woke up early today.” 
Roxanne nodded. She decided to tell them how she took care of Estella last night. 
After learning that Estella was ill, the boys asked anxiously, “Is Essie all right? Is she seriously ill? Can 
we visit her?” 
Roxanne assured them, “She has a slight fever and has recovered after sleeping through the night. 
You’ll see her at the kindergarten.” 
She would’ve agreed to let the boys visit their ill friend, but she didn’t want them to run into Lucian. 
The boys nodded obediently. 
Meanwhile, Aubree followed Roxanne’s car all the way to the Farwell residence. As a result, she flew 
into a rage and couldn’t sleep well the entire night. She didn’t forget to order her subordinate to keep an 
eye on Roxanne so she would know when Roxanne left the Farwell residence. 
The next morning, she was having breakfast when she received a call from her subordinate informing 
her that Roxanne had just left the Farwell residence. 
“B*tch!” 
Aubree cut the line and clenched her jaw in fury. “She can’t wait to get back together with him after her 
return!” 
Fear clawed up her throat instantly. 
I can’t believe she got to spend a night in the Farwell residence! Over the years, I’ve never spent the
night there. Lucian will usually ask me to leave after dinner. Looks like Lucian treats her differently… 
The more Aubree pondered over the matter, the more frantic she became. 
Sitting across from her was her mother, Gina Walker. Seeing her anxiety, Gina asked, “What’s wrong? 
Why are you upset this early in the morning?” 
Aubree gritted her teeth. “That b*tch Roxanne spent the night at the Farwell residence! If I don’t do 
anything to stop her, she might end up remarrying Lucian!” 
Gina’s expression turned grim. She thought over the matter briefly before saying, “We haven’t met 
Sonya for some time. Why don’t we invite her to tea later? You can take the opportunity to tell her 
about this.”
###Chapter 102
Chapter 102
Chapter 102 She Will Not Get To Meet Essie 
That afternoon, Aubree and Gina met Sonya at a café. 
They were already waiting at a table by the window when Sonya arrived. 
“Sorry you had to wait,” Sonya apologized as she sat across from them. 
Aubree’s lips curled into a gentle smile. “We’ve just arrived. Here, take a seat. I’ve ordered some 
desserts. I hope they are to your liking.” 
She then gestured for the server to serve their food. 
Soon, a few delicate desserts were served. 
Sonya flashed a satisfied grin. “Oh, how nice of you, Aubree. You still remember that I like sweet food. 
Lucian isn’t as thoughtful as you.” 
They chatted for a while before Gina casually mentioned Roxanne’s existence. 
“By the way, Aubree visited Old Mr. Queen a few days ago and bumped into the woman who divorced 
Lucian six years ago. When did she come back? Do you know about this?” 
Sonya’s smile slipped. “Roxanne? Roxanne Jarvis? How dare she show up here? I wouldn’t have 
known if you didn’t tell me about it!” 
Back then, Roxanne left the divorce agreement behind and left without saying goodbye. A year later, 
Estella was sent back to their family without a guardian. 
Sonya was furious whenever she recalled the past. How dare Roxanne come back to Chanaea? 
Gina feigned surprise. “Didn’t you know? Aubree saw Lucian there, too. He seemed to be on friendly 
terms with that woman. I thought you wanted her to come back so she can take care of Essie.” 
Sonya frowned in displeasure. “The nerve of her! If I knew about this, I wouldn’t have allowed her to 
even meet Essie!” 
Roxanne left the country stubbornly and was heartless enough to abandon her daughter. I’ll never let 
someone as cruel as her come any closer to Essie! 
Gina and Aubree had seen that coming. 
Aubree shot her a placating smile. “Mrs. Farwell, calm down. Perhaps Lucian doesn’t think that way.” 
She lowered her gaze in dejection as her smile became forced. 
Sonya’s fury increased. “What’s wrong? Did Lucian bully you?” 
Aubree merely shot her mother a conflicted look. 
Gina broke the silence. “I’ll be frank with you. Lucian didn’t show up when we had a meal together. I 
told Aubree to invite him over, but he seemed to insinuate that he wanted to break off the engagement 
with her. Aubree didn’t tell me anything. If I hadn’t realized she seemed dispirited and urged her to tell 
me the truth, she would’ve kept it a secret until now!” 
Whipping her head around, she glared at Aubree before turning back to look at Sonya. “I asked you out 
to confirm the matter. If you’re planning on asking that woman to return to the Farwell family, I’ll ask 
Aubree to give up now.” 
Aubree hung her head low, appearing utterly crestfallen. She didn’t utter a word. 
That was the first Sonya had ever heard of it. Her gaze turned dark. “Did Lucian say that for real?” 
Both Gina and Aubree said nothing. It was a silent acquiescent. 
“Got it.” Sonya grabbed her bag and rose to her feet. “Don’t worry, Aubree. We’ve come to an 
agreement, so you’ll be my daughter-in-law. I won’t agree if Lucian insists on marrying someone else! 
There’s no way I’ll allow him to remarry Roxanne.” 
Aubree shot her a doleful look. 
Sonya felt bad for her. “Don’t be afraid. I’ll head back home to deal with the matter right away.”
###Chapter 103
Chapter 103
Chapter 103 Want To Get Back With Her On the way back from the café, Sonya grew more worried the more she thought about it. Hence, when 
Elias got off work, she called him to go to the manor together. 
Lucian went to pick up Estella after work. As soon as the two entered the door, they noticed the elderly 
Farwells sitting on the couch with a solemn expression. It was apparent that they had something to say. 
“Dad, Mom, why didn’t you tell me you were coming over? Is there a problem?” Lucian queried in 
puzzlement. 
Those words had barely left his mouth when Sonya nodded solemnly. “There’s something we wish to 
talk to you about.” 
Upon seeing the grave expression on his mother’s face, Lucian knitted his brows. He turned his head 
and handed Estella to Catalina to allow her to take the little girl upstairs first. 
Catalina obliged. Estella also greeted her grandparents obediently before following her caretaker 
upstairs. 
Lucian sat down on the single couch beside his parents. “What’s the matter that made you come here 
so late?” 
“Is Roxanne back?” Sonya went straight to the point. 
When he heard that, Lucian’s gaze darkened as he admitted frankly, “Yes, we have met.” 
As expected, Sonya snorted and continued to ask, “Why didn’t you tell us? Don’t tell me you still want 
to get back with her!” 
Lucian’s frown deepened, but he did not answer right away. 
Sonya’s heart lurched when he kept silent. “I don’t care what you think, but I’ll never agree to let that 
woman be a part of our family! Back then, she left without a word and even had the heart to abandon 
her child. Now, she wants to come back? I’ll never allow it! If I allow it, what do we do if history repeats 
itself? Although you can accept it, Essie has already grown up. Can she bear it?” 
After she finished speaking, she waited for a while. Yet, she received no response from her son. 
Sonya’s expression changed as she tried to persuade him by bringing up Estella. 
“Think carefully about what Essie had gone through all these years. The child had a weak constitution 
since childhood. What do you think is the reason for that? If that woman had taken good care of her for 
some time after giving birth before sending her back, I wouldn’t say anything. However, she just 
abandoned Essie like that, causing the child to be in poor health. Luckily, we have the means and 
managed to improve Essie’s health after much effort. But as a result, Essie developed an autistic 
temperament and was called a bastard child without a mother outside. Do you think this will not lead to 
the worsening of her autism? It’s all because of that woman! Should you insist on letting her come 
back, I’ll take Essie to our place and raise her. In any case, I’ll never hand Essie over to her!” 
After saying that and seeing her son’s lack of reaction, Sonya looked at her husband anxiously. 
She had deliberately brought Elias there because she knew that his words were more effective than 
her own. 
Elias also felt sorry for his granddaughter, so he said earnestly after hearing his wife’s words, “Your 
mom is right. I won’t care about your other matters, but I’m concerned about letting that woman come 
back and take care of Essie. You should consider it carefully.” 
Upon hearing his father’s words, Lucian finally reacted and looked up to meet their gaze. 
Sonya secretly sighed with relief, thinking that he had listened to their advice. At the thought of 
Aubree’s aggrieved look that afternoon, she could not help but utter, “It’s all thanks to Aubree for 
staying by your side all these years. She even helped to take care of Essie and did all she could for us 
as though she were our biological daughter. From this perspective, how is she not better than 
Roxanne? A girl’s youth doesn’t last forever. You can’t just keep her waiting.”
###Chapter 104
Chapter 104
Chapter 104 Aubree Takes Estella To School Lucian remained silent until the couple had finished speaking before stating calmly, “You’re overthinking 
things. I’ve no plans to let Roxanne come back.” 
At least not now. 
While his parents were speaking earlier, he kept thinking about his interactions with Roxanne during 
this period and concluded that most of them were because of Estella. 
As that thought occurred to him, Lucian strangely felt a little ironic. 
Judging from Roxanne’s attitude when we first met, she would’ve probably avoided me if it wasn’t for 
Essie’s presence, and the matter that my parents are worried about now is even less likely to happen. 
Sonya’s expression lightened up a little when she heard her son’s words. “I’m glad to hear that. In 
terms of Aubree, when do you plan to settle down with her? The sooner you do that, Estella will have 
someone to take care of her.” 
Lucian frowned as he turned her down, “Compared to Roxanne, I’m more worried about leaving Essie 
to Aubree. Essie has always distanced herself from her, so I still need to consider carefully about 
marriage.” 
However, Sonya made nothing out of it. “Isn’t Essie distancing herself from Aubree because you’ve 
been unwilling to accept her? If you had married her earlier and let her spend more time with Essie, 
they would ultimately develop a good relationship. Besides, we can tell that Aubree had always been 
devoted to caring for Essie all these years.” 
Hearing this, Lucian knitted his brows a little impatiently. “Let’s talk about this later. I’m tired.” 
Over the years, although Aubree had always acted innocent and harmless before them and treated 
Estella well, he did not think that the little girl would avoid her for no reason, aside from not having any 
feelings for Aubree. 
Now that his mother kept mentioning her, it only annoyed him further. 
Sonya sighed as her remaining words were cut off by him. “We won’t force you either. In any case, you 
should think about it carefully. Before that, let us take care of Essie first.” 
After speaking, she raised her voice to instruct Catalina to bring Estella down from upstairs and 
extended her hand toward the little girl with a smile. 
Unaware of the confrontation between the adults, Estella obediently buried herself in her 
grandmother’s embrace. 
“Be good, Essie, and come over to our house to play for two days, okay?” Sonya affectionately pinched 
Estella’s chubby cheek. 
The little girl blinked blankly and instinctively looked at her father. 
Lucian’s expression tensed. “Essie’s living well at home, Mom. I can also take good care of her.” 
Sonya was displeased. “You know very well why I want to take Essie away. Besides, your father and I 
miss her. So what if we want her to go over and accompany us for two days?” 
Elias said in a deep voice to defuse the tense situation, “I heard that Essie has just recovered from 
being sick, and you have been very busy these days, so let us take care of her first.” 
Hearing his father’s words, Lucian could not help but feel troubled. 
He naturally knew that his mother intended not to let Estella have any interactions with Roxanne, but 
he also could not refute what his father said. 
While he remained silent, Sonya got up and left with Estella in her arms. 
Lucian did not say anything in the end, thinking that he would just head over and pick up the little girl in 
two days. 
Estella was very well-behaved with her grandparents and fell asleep obediently after dinner. 
Meanwhile, Sonya called Aubree, telling her to come over in the morning to send Estella to 
kindergarten, as she always felt that the little girl did not like Aubree because they spent too little time 
together. 
The following morning, Aubree arrived early, and after greeting the elders, she reached out to take 
Estella’s hand. 
Estella had just eaten breakfast, and her face fell when she saw Aubree coming over. Upon seeing the 
latter’s outstretched hand, she shrank back further, expressing great resistance. 
“Be good, Essie. Ms. Pearson is sending you to kindergarten. If you don’t leave now, you’ll be late,”
Sonya patiently persuaded for a long time. 
Hearing this, Estella hesitated for a while. However, at the thought that she would be able to see the 
two little boys when she arrived at the kindergarten, she dragged herself into the car.
###Chapter 105
Chapter 105
Chapter 105 Estella Was Slapped 
On the way to the kindergarten, Estella sat in the backseat while hugging her backpack with her gaze 
lowered, looking a little upset. 
Aubree was also determined to win the little girl over. At least, they had to appear close on the outside. 
Looking at Estella’s state through the rearview mirror, she pretended to ask in concern, “Are you not 
feeling well, Essie? Do you want me to take you to the hospital?” 
Estella did not even lift her head upon hearing her voice. 
Aubree frowned and continued to express concern in a sweet voice, “How about I excuse you from 
school, and we head back to rest for the day?” 
Despite those words, she still received no reply. 
After waiting for a while, Aubree grew impatient. “I’m asking you a question, Estella Farwell. What’s 
with that expression? I can’t even have a decent conversation with you?” 
Hearing her displeased tone, Estella shuddered and hugged her backpack tighter. 
Upon noticing Estella’s visible resistance to her and recalling Sonya’s words the night before regarding 
the reason Lucian was unwilling to marry her, Aubree grew angrier the more she thought about it. 
If it weren’t for this little brat’s attitude toward me, would Roxanne have any reason to be by Lucian’s 
side now? I also won’t have to feel on edge because Roxanne is back in the country! 
After thinking for a while, Aubree drove the car to the side of the road in displeasure and slammed on 
the brakes. 
Estella was caught off guard and tipped forward unsteadily. She pursed her lips as she looked up and 
promptly met Aubree’s burning gaze through the rearview mirror. 
As soon as they locked eyes, Estella’s eyes constricted, and she looked around frantically. 
Every time this awful lady does something to me, she always has this expression, but there’s no way 
for me to ask for help now… 
Aubree’s anger rose upon seeing her frightened look. She opened the car door and entered the back 
seat before slamming the door closed. 
Estella hurriedly moved to distance herself from Aubree, but the latter grabbed her arm roughly. 
“What is the meaning of this, Little Mute? You’re displaying hatred toward me for your dad to see, isn’t 
it?” Aubree looked at her ferociously as she exerted more force into her grip. “Have I not treated you 
well all these years? I’m so close to worshipping you like my ancestor, yet this is how you repay me? 
Do you truly think I dare not to do anything to you?” 
Estella was in so much pain that her eyes reddened, but she still bit her lip and made no sound, merely 
lowering her eyes and not daring to look at the woman. 
Aubree grew angrier at her lack of response. She pulled Estella onto her lap and slapped the little girl’s 
bottom without holding back. “Stupid mute. Do you truly think that I would appease you if it wasn’t for 
the sake of being with Lucian? Disrespectful creature. It’s one thing not repaying me, but daring to 
show affection toward Roxanne, that b*tch? Such an ungrateful child! Let me tell you this. You have to 
accept my marriage to your dad no matter what! Otherwise, don’t blame me for what happens next.” 
The crisp slaps echoed within the car alongside Aubree’s vicious cursing. 
Despite her reddened eyes and tears threatening to roll out, Estella stubbornly bit her lip, unwilling to 
cry in front of the wicked woman. 
“You’re still being stubborn!” Upon seeing that the little girl remained silent, Aubree pinched her inner 
thigh mercilessly. “Let’s see how much you can tolerate!” 
Estella kicked her leg in pain as tears flowed out uncontrollably. While crying silently, she tried to get off 
the woman’s lap by struggling hard.
###Chapter 106
Chapter 106
Chapter 106 It Was Supposed To Hurt Aubree only allowed Estella to get off of her when she heard the child beginning to get out of breath 
from crying so much. 
Estella immediately crawled toward the window on the other side of the car while enduring the pain and 
clutching her schoolbag to her chest as she continued sobbing. 
“Good! It was supposed to hurt,” Aubree scoffed as she glared at the little girl. “If you tell anyone about 
what happened today, I swear to God that you’ll never see that woman ever again.” 
Only then did she go back to the front seat and drove Estella to the kindergarten. 
“We’re here. Wipe those tears off of your face,” Aubree commanded after they reached the 
kindergarten. 
Estella hurriedly dried her face, afraid that she really wouldn’t be able to see her beloved Ms. Jarvis 
after this because of Aubree’s threat. 
Aubree glanced at her and felt like her face seemed clean enough. She opened the door, and as they 
walked toward the gates together hand-in-hand, she hissed, “Don’t cry or make a fuss again. If anyone 
can see even a single mark of a tear on your face, you’ll know what I have in store for you.” 
Right after she had hissed at Estella, Aubree looked back up again with a sweet smile plastered on her 
face. 
Estella did her best to hold her tears back and obediently walked toward her teacher, bowing toward 
her. 
“Hello, Estella!” her teacher greeted cheerfully. She spotted the hastily dried tears on Estella’s cheeks 
and frowned in concern. “What happened? Why have you been crying?” 
Aubree’s expression changed rapidly but settled just as quickly. “I don’t know what’s gotten into her. 
She was making a huge fuss today and didn’t want to come to school. We spent the longest time 
having to coddle her before she finally let us drag her out here.” 
The teacher frowned in confusion upon hearing that. “Really? Estella has never hated school before. 
What happened?”
Aubree frowned but quickly covered it up with a smile, hurriedly changing the subject. “Maybe she’s not 
feeling too well today. After all, her fever has only just gone down. Please keep an eye on her. If 
anything happens, please contact me.” 
The teacher agreed with a smile, not looking too much into it. 
Aubree handed Estella over to the teacher and pretended to give her a couple of words of advice 
before turning to leave. 
She had only just gotten into her car when she spotted a familiar Mercedes-Benz parked in front of the 
kindergarten. 
Roxanne brought her two children out of the car soon after. 
Estella’s expression cleared up, and she began to look as right as rain once the three of them showed 
up. 
Aubree’s expression darkened rapidly. 
She watched bitterly as Roxanne chatted casually with the teacher before handing the kids over, and 
her expression remained gloomy until Roxanne got into her car and left. 
She only stopped watching once the Mercedes-Benz disappeared at the end of the road. 
If she remembered correctly, the Farwell family had invested in the kindergarten. 
She couldn’t help but become extremely suspicious. 
Lucian must have bumped into Roxanne at least once whenever he picked up or dropped off Estella. 
Besides, as a shareholder, there was no way he wouldn’t know that Roxanne’s kids studied here. 
Estella also showed how much she liked the woman, so who knew how much they had going on 
behind Aubree’s back? 
Aubree felt more uneasy the more she thought about it. She spotted the teacher still standing there and 
decided to just get out of her car, all the while wearing a solemn expression on her face. 
Seeing that she had returned, the teacher asked with a smile, “What’s wrong, Miss? Is there anything I 
can help you with?” 
Aubree bowed slightly. “Hello. I’d like to introduce myself. I’m the owner of Pearson Group and would
like to make a donation of some playground equipment to this kindergarten. Could I please speak to 
the head of the kindergarten?”
###Chapter 107
Chapter 107
Chapter 107 Expel Those Two Children 
The teacher immediately agreed with a smile once she heard that Aubree wanted to donate to the 
kindergarten and called the head of the kindergarten. 
She hung up after a short conversation and brought Aubree to the head’s office. 
He had been waiting in his office for a while and immediately poured a cup of tea for Aubree the 
moment they entered. “Please take a seat, Ms. Pearson,” he said with a large smile on his face. 
Aubree took the cup of tea from him and sat down on the opposite seat. “I assume you’ve probably 
heard of my reason for coming here.” 
The head of kindergarten nodded. “I heard you wanted to donate some equipment to the kindergarten. 
I want to thank you on behalf of the children.” 
He had just finished talking when he noticed how stoic the person in front of him looked. 
Aubree sipped her tea with a chilly expression and said just as coldly, “That’s not all. I’m willing to 
donate five million to this kindergarten as well. You can do whatever you want with it, in exchange for 
one simple favor.” 
The head of kindergarten looked at her in confusion. “Which is…?” 
“A little while ago, the kindergarten seems to have taken in Roxanne Jarvis’ children. I would like for 
you to expel them from this institute.” Aubree narrowed her eyes, her expression frosty. 
The head of kindergarten and the teacher looked at each other in confusion upon hearing Aubree’s 
words. 
Lucian had mentioned it to them before, but he had taken it back rather quickly. 
Now, they were hearing it again from Aubree. 
“If you don’t mind me asking, Ms. Pearson, what happened between you and Ms. Jarvis?” the head of 
kindergarten asked cautiously. 
Aubree glared at him. “You don’t need to know so much. All you need to know is that I don’t want her 
children and the Farwell children in the same school. I believe you’re not completely unaware of the 
arranged marriage between the Pearson family and the Farwell family.” 
The head of kindergarten nodded frantically. “Yes, I’ve heard about it.” 
“I’ve had some personal issues with Roxanne in the past. I’ll be Estella’s mother soon, and if my 
daughter gets bullied by her son, will you be responsible for that?” Aubree threatened mildly. 
At the mention of the Farwell family, the head of kindergarten thought about how Lucian had said 
himself to not expel those children. Didn’t that mean that he wanted them to stay in this kindergarten? 
But now that the future Mrs. Farwell was making such a request, the head of the kindergarten didn’t 
really know what to do. 
Aubree noticed his hesitation and placed her teacup down, clinking it loudly against the table. 
The head of kindergarten’s heart clenched nervously due to knowing her power. 
“The Farwells have also invested in this kindergarten quite a bit, right? Imagine what a few words from 
me could do to your future. You definitely won’t have their investments to look forward to,” Aubree said, 
adding fuel to the fire. 
The head of kindergarten broke out in a cold sweat. He couldn’t really go against her will because of 
her constant mentions of Lucian, so after a long bout of hesitation, he finally relented. “I got it. I will 
expel them.” 
Aubree smiled in satisfaction. “I want to hear news of those kids getting expelled by tonight. If so, the 
five million will be going straight to the kindergarten’s account.” 
The head of kindergarten nodded feverishly to everything she said. 
“Since our deal has gone through, I won’t be staying for much longer,” Aubree said as she stood up. 
Both the teacher and the head of kindergarten sent her off at the gate. 
When she was about to leave, Aubree seemed to remember something and turned back to warn them 
coldly, “I almost forgot. Please keep everything that went on today under wraps. I don’t want Roxanne 
coming after me if she hears about it.” 
She was mainly afraid that Lucian would hear about her doing things without his approval, but she 
didn’t want the head of kindergarten to feel suspicious. That was why she just used Roxanne’s name. 
The head of kindergarten nodded in agreement.
###Chapter 108
Chapter 108
Chapter 108 What Exactly Does Lucian Mean 
That night, Roxanne rushed over after work, barely in time to pick Archie and Benny up from school. 
Only the two of them were left at the kindergarten gates and their teacher was taking care of them. 
“I’m so sorry for coming so late,” Roxanne said with an apologetic smile, reaching out to hold her 
children’s hands. 
Unexpectedly, Pippa moved to stand slightly in front of them and smiled uncomfortably at her. “I’ll help 
you look after them for just a little while more. The head of kindergarten has something to talk to you 
about. He’s in his office right now.” 
Roxanne didn’t really know what was going on, but she still went upstairs and knocked on his door. 
The head of kindergarten’s expression also seemed strangely suspicious. 
“Pippa told me you wanted to talk to me about something. What’s wrong?” Roxanne asked. 
The head of kindergarten smiled in an extremely business-like way as he said slowly, “This is the 
problem. I’ve been observing your children for the last two days, and I feel like they are simply not 
suitable for our kindergarten. Maybe you should consider giving them a change of environment.” 
So he just wants to expel Archie and Benny! 
Roxanne frowned but remained polite. “Did they do something wrong today at school? If that’s the 
case, I will definitely tell them off at home. Please don’t worry. I can promise that they won’t do it—” 
She wasn’t done with her promises when the head of kindergarten cut her off abruptly, “The two of 
them have done fine. However, I wouldn’t like them to stay in this kindergarten any longer. Of course, I 
will do my best to return all of the school fees you have paid.” 
Roxanne began to feel like something was up. “It’s not the money I have a problem with. Since my 
children are doing great, then why are you expelling them? You have to give me a reason that I can at 
least tell my kids.” 
The head of kindergarten frowned. “There’s no other reason.” 
He couldn’t help but feel guilty as he said it. 
Those two kids had, in fact, been doing extremely well in school. Compared to other kids their age,
they acted like two small adults who never let their teacher worry and actually helped her take care of 
the other kids. 
The kindergarten didn’t actually have any reason to expel them. 
Since it was a command coming from a benefactor, though, he couldn’t back out of it. 
He couldn’t even look her in the eye after speaking. 
Roxanne did her best to control her anger and remain calm as she attempted to reason with him. “I 
sent my kids to your kindergarten because I trusted you, but you’re seriously disappointing me right 
now. How could you expel my kids for no reason? I can report this to the ministry of education.” 
He was beginning to feel the guilt eating away at him but still answered, “Then go ahead and report 
me. I won’t be changing my mind.” 
With the Pearson family and the Farwell family backing the kindergarten, the ministry of education 
probably couldn’t do anything to him. 
After scrutinizing the head of kindergarten, Roxanne calmed down, and her tone turned chilly. “If this 
gets out and the other parents hear about you expelling two children for no reason, don’t you think 
they’ll become suspicious? Even if you don’t get punished by the ministry of education, the other 
parents might not trust you anymore and change schools. That would be a problem for this 
kindergarten now, wouldn’t it?” 
The head of kindergarten visibly panicked at that and looked at her helplessly. “Ms. Jarvis, it’s not 
difficult for you to find another kindergarten with your abilities. Why are you trying to make my life 
harder?” 
Roxanne was getting more suspicious by the minute. 
From the looks of it, someone was definitely controlling him from behind the scenes. It seemed like that 
person was quite an important figure too. 
Roxanne relaxed slightly with that thought in mind. “Okay, I’ll stop doing that, but you have to tell me 
who told you to do this.” 
The head of kindergarten fell silent at the thought of Aubree’s parting words. 
“Is it Farwell Group?” Roxanne could only think of one possibility. 
The head of kindergarten hesitated before nodding slowly. 
Aubree was soon going to be Mrs. Farwell anyway. It wasn’t exactly a lie to say it was the Farwell 
family, and since she kept bringing Lucian up, the head of kindergarten assumed that he was also on 
the same page. 
Roxanne’s expression darkened when he nodded. 
What does Lucian mean by all this?
###Chapter 109
Chapter 109
Meanwhile. Lucian didn’t notice the boys in the car as he strode into the kindergarten, well aware that 
he was late. 
The moment he stepped in, he saw two figures by the slide together with Estella, who had squeezed 
herself into Roxanne’s arms by then. 
“Mr. Farwell, you’re here!” the teacher greeted respectfully when she saw Lucian. 
Lucian nodded in acknowledgment as he walked up to them. After throwing his daughter a glance, he 
stared coldly at Roxanne. “Why are you here?” 
Sensing his hostility, Roxanne knitted her brows in confusion. 
The teacher then looked at them in surprise, “Do you know each other?” 
Just a while ago, she had assumed that Roxanne didn’t know Estella. 
However, considering how dependent Estella was on Roxanne, she figured that it wasn’t such a 
surprise at all. 
After nodding at the teacher without answering the question, Roxanne shifted her attention toward 
Lucian. “I came here to pick my boys up. It was your daughter who refused to let go of my clothes, 
forcing me to stay here with her.” 
The moment he heard the words “your daughter” roll off her tongue, Lucian’s expression darkened. 
How can she say such a thing in front of her own daughter? What a heartless woman! 
Unaware of what she had said wrong, Roxanne saw a sudden change in Lucian’s expression as he 
turned his attention to Estella. 
“Come here.” Lucian reached out his hand grimly. 
After glancing at Lucian’s outstretched hand, Estella raised her gaze and gave Roxanne a reluctant 
and pitiful look. 
Just when I finally got the chance to be with her, why does Daddy have to be so fierce? 
As the seconds ticked by, Lucian’s expression turned darker when Estella refused to let go of Roxanne. 
In the end, Roxanne lowered her gaze and tousled Estella’s hair before reassuring her, “Your daddy is
here to pick you up, and I have to go too. So, you should go home with him now.” 
After that, Roxanne stood back up, planning to leave the instant Estella released her grip. 
CI 
In spite of that, Estella adamantly refused regardless of how gloomy Lucian looked. Instead, she 
continued to give Roxanne a pleading look. 
For some inexplicable reason, she loved staying by Roxanne’s side, to the extent of wanting to follow 
the latter home. 
As the tension in the air began to build, the teacher felt the need to defuse the situation. 
Before she could, she saw Lucian making his move all of a sudden. 
Walking up to Estella, Lucian asserted in an authoritative voice, “Estella Farwell, let go and come home 
with me.” 
Shaken by his tone, the little girl ended up tightening her grip on Roxanne and leaning closer to her by 
reflex. 
As she was already standing by the edge of the slide, she lost her balance while shifting her legs 
without looking 
With her heart skipping a beat, Roxanne managed to stop Estella from falling by reaching out to catch 
her. 
Subsequently, Estella refused to let Roxanne go, leaving the latter with no choice but to hug her in case 
she fell again. 
Having calmed her down, Roxanne couldn’t help but frown. “Lucian, if you’re upset with me, you should 
just vent your frustrations at me instead of the child.” 
Even though Lucian had seen the same event unfold, he didn’t manage to get to Estella in time. 
Therefore, he retorted upon hearing Roxanne’s comments, “How is the way I treat my daughter any of 
your business? Don’t think that just because she likes you, it gives you the right to get involved.” 
The tension between them felt as if it could explode at any moment. 
In response to his mocking tone, Roxanne’s expression darkened as an inexplicable sense of anger 
swelled within her.
###Chapter 110
Chapter 110
Roxanne picked her kids up after walking out of the office. 
“I’m still a little busy, so why don’t I get Aunt Madilyn to accompany you two for a bit?” Roxanne 
suppressed her anger and asked the two kids with a smile. 
The two of them didn’t think too much of it and nodded obediently, assuming she was busy with work. 
Roxanne handed them over to her best friend and returned to the car, her expression souring once 
again. She immediately drove off to the Farwell residence. 
“Hello, Ms. Jarvis,” Catalina greeted. She was about to say more when she noticed the look on 
Roxanne’s face, causing her to swallow her words. 
Roxanne nodded at her briefly and turned to the living room. “Is Lucian here? I’d like to speak to him.” 
Catalina nodded quickly. “Yes, he is. I’ll go upstairs and call him.” 
Soon after, she came downstairs with Lucian following behind her and Estella tottering down behind 
both of them. 
Lucian still didn’t trust Estella with his parents and had waited at the kindergarten gates before they 
opened so that he could pick her up early. 
Estella’s mood had clearly improved since she didn’t need to see that mean woman. Now that she saw 
that Roxanne was here, her gaze was simply sparkling with admiration, and she ran toward her with 
her arms out. 
Roxanne’s heart softened momentarily at the sight of the child, and she caressed her head. “I have 
something to talk to your daddy about. Go over there and play on your own for a little, alright?” 
Estella nodded and began playing with her doll on the carpet next to the couch. 
Lucian frowned. “What do you want?” 
Roxanne’s long-suppressed anger exploded at the sound of his voice. “Lucian, if you have a problem 
with me, then take it out on me. Why are you doing this to Archie and Benny? What did they ever do to 
you? They’ve always been so respectful of you, and they took such good care of your daughter. You 
have no reason to bully two kids, even on behalf of Estella.” 
Lucian didn’t expect Roxanne’s sudden visit, much less her sudden outburst. He frowned even more 
deeply at her accusations. “What did I do to the two of them?” 
Roxanne smirked coldly at his confusion. “Who are you trying to fool? Who else has the power to expel 
people from the kindergarten? Stop trying to act innocent. It won’t work on me.” 
Lucian stiffened in shock and immediately started to explain, “I did talk to the head of kindergarten 
before, but that already—” 
Roxanne didn’t even let him finish his sentence before she bellowed angrily, “Don’t you think you’re 
going a little bit overboard? No matter what happened in the past, it should stay between us. Just come 
at me instead! I won’t say no to that, but the kids are innocent. They don’t know anything. Why are you 
doing this to them?” 
She dug her fingernails into her palm in an attempt to calm herself down. Trying her best to stop her 
voice from wavering, she continued, “Yes, I shouldn’t have done that in the past. That was my fault, so 
feel free to get revenge on me for that. But please, can’t you find it in your generous, generous heart to 
forgive my kids?” 
She looked down after that, feeling her eyes start to water from frustration. 
The head of kindergarten had been right. It wasn’t hard for her to find another kindergarten for the kids, 
but that was only if Lucian didn’t interfere. 
If he wasn’t willing to let either of them go, then she couldn’t do anything no matter how much power 
she had. 
She scoffed at herself with that thought in mind. 
She thought that Lucian and she had been on decent terms recently. Even though they hadn’t become 
best friends overnight or anything, they were still courteous with each other and had seemed to leave 
everything behind them. 
Disappointingly, those feelings had been completely one-sided on her part. Apparently Lucian still only 
saw her as a menace. 
Lucian’s heart clenched at the sight of the person in front of him acting all stubborn but still letting how 
wronged she was feeling show through. 
He actually felt at a loss for words. 
He even began to feel bad about even bringing the matter up to the head of kindergarten.
###Chapter 111
Chapter 111
Chapter 111 Drawing Clear Boundaries 
Estella was still playing with her doll on the carpet and couldn’t help but glance at Roxanne every now 
and then. 
She managed to hear their conversation loud and clear. 
When she heard Roxanne asking her father why he expelled the two nice older boys, Estella frowned 
in confusion. She expected to hear her father explain that he had already gotten rid of that idea, but he 
didn’t speak for a long time. 
Estella pouted angrily. 
Daddy’s a liar and a bad guy! He promised me not to expel Archie and Benny but still ended up doing 
it! 
With that thought in mind, Estella tossed her toy onto the floor angrily and ran upstairs without looking 
back. 
I’ll never trust Daddy again! 
Lucian heard Estella running upstairs and felt an oncoming headache at the sight of her. 
It was easy to figure out that she had overheard their conversation and misunderstood him again, 
causing her to throw another one of her little temper tantrums. 
If he didn’t explain, she would probably get even angrier. 
Lucian massaged his temples and said in a deep voice, “I did talk to the head of kindergarten before, 
but after Estella was done throwing her tantrum, I told him not to expel the two of them. I really have no 
clue what you’re talking about. If you want, I can ask him for you.” 
Roxanne felt like he was simply faking it and said calmly, “Why should I believe you? It’s already 
happened, and the head of kindergarten is under you. Naturally, he would stand with you no matter 
what you say. Lucian, do you really think I’m an idiot?” 
She wasn’t completely wrong. 
Lucian could actually feel a headache beginning to clench in his skull, and he wanted to explain further, 
but the person in front of him had already stood up. 
“I wish I never met you.” Her tone was calm, and she enunciated each word clearly. As soon as the 
words left her lips, she turned around and left. 
At this, Lucian’s face immediately darkened, and he watched as she stalked off, almost boring a hole in 
her back with his stare. 
As her figure slowly disappeared from his field of sight, Lucian took his phone out and called Cayden. 
“Go and find out what happened at the kindergarten. Find out why the hell they went against my direct 
orders!” 
Cayden could hear the pure rage in his boss’ voice and immediately obeyed. 
Roxanne began feeling exhausted after driving away from the Farwell residence and looked around, 
deciding to stop by a dark roadside so she could simply zone out. 
Why is Lucian doing this? If he knew he was doing this to his own sons, how would he feel? 
What would her two kids feel if they knew how much their father hated them? 
Roxanne didn’t even want to think about how the two of them would feel. 
Besides, with Lucian there, she really didn’t know where to send her two kids to. 
She was afraid that every other kindergarten would turn her down for the same exact reasons. 
Roxanne felt full of guilt toward Archie and Benny when she thought about what might happen to them 
in the near future. Her eyes began to redden once again, and countless tears began to fall like a string 
of broken pearls down her cheeks. 
She took in two deep breaths and forced herself to calm down. 
This had finally made it clear to her that Lucian would never accept Archie and Benny as his own. 
Archie and Benny only had her now, so she had to be strong for them. 
Luckily, it was just a matter of not going to kindergarten. It was a good opportunity to really draw clear 
boundaries with Lucian. 
From today onward, she would make sure they no longer had anything to do with each other.
###Chapter 112
Chapter 112
Chapter 112 I Will Not Keep Annoying You 
After learning the truth, the two of them bid goodbye to Madilyn and trotted home sadly. 
Madilyn didn’t know she could be won over so easily. When she saw how disappointed the two kids 
were, she hurriedly applied for a leave from work and went over to accompany them. 
Archie and Benny were completely down. 
All this time, they had been under the impression that their father probably didn’t really hate them. 
Now that they knew he had expelled them from school, they realized that he did actually hate their 
guts. 
Benny couldn’t help but tear up at the thought, and his small hands clutched at the couch cover 
nervously, his small mouth pressed into a straight line. 
Archie was also extremely disappointed, but he was slightly calmer compared to his brother. 
When he saw the tears in Benny’s eyes, he began to comfort his brother. “Don’t cry over that bad man. 
If he doesn’t like us, then we shouldn’t like him either. Besides, Mommy doesn’t seem like she wants us 
to know about it, so let’s pretend like we don’t know, okay? Let’s not make her worry.” 
Benny sniffed and nodded silently. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne had just finished up at the kindergarten when she bumped into Lucian, who was 
sending Estella to school. 
Estella looked as if she was in another mood and was pouting, barely letting her father drag her to 
school. 
When their eyes met, Estella’s gaze lit up as if she were excited about something. 
Roxanne’s heart lifted for a second but dropped again at the sight of the man next to the child. 
The two of them quickly approached her. 
Estella tugged at Roxanne’s skirt lightly as she looked up at the latter with watery eyes, as if waiting for 
her to say something. 
Roxanne fell silent before stepping back slightly, removing her skirt from Estella’s grip. “Archie and 
Benny won’t be coming here anymore, so you should take care of yourself, okay? You can make
friends with the other kids.” 
She saw the light in Estella’s eyes slowly fading off as she spoke and Roxanne looked away, trying her 
best to sound calm. “I have to go to work. Goodbye.” 
After that, she walked past them and was about to go back to her car when a large hand grabbed her 
wrist. 
Roxanne stopped abruptly and turned back, meeting his gaze dully. “Is there something you need, Mr. 
Farwell?” 
Lucian frowned. “Expelling the boys was not my idea. This is a misunderstanding.” 
Roxanne scoffed at that. “I can’t believe you’re still trying to defend yourself now, Mr. Farwell. I’m willing 
to hear your excuses, though. Who’s the lucky one you chose to frame this time?” 
Lucian didn’t seem annoyed at her tone and said in a deep voice, “I asked Cayden to look into it. This 
is all because of Aubree. Because of what I said previously, the head of kindergarten was under the 
assumption that I was okay with it.” 
Lucian trailed off, full of regret about what he had said. 
He had never felt so much regret in his life than the moment he learned about the reason behind the 
kids’ expulsion. If he hadn’t said that before, then the head of kindergarten wouldn’t have 
misunderstood. 
He wanted to salvage the situation, so he had personally made a trip here today. 
Unexpectedly, he had bumped into Roxanne. 
Roxanne’s expression became even more scornful at his explanation. “Aubree? So basically it was 
your idea too, right? Who in Horington still doesn’t know about the marriage between the Pearson 
family and the Farwell family? Aren’t you afraid she’ll feel bad after hearing how desperately you’re 
trying to clear boundaries with her right now?” 
She pulled her wrist out of the man’s grasp and said coldly, “Don’t worry, Mr. Farwell. I’m not 
shameless, and I won’t annoy you anymore, so you don’t have to explain anything to me.” 
After that, she walked off without looking back. 
A dark cloud formed over Lucian’s expression as he watched her leave. 
Estella began crying uncontrollably after standing in shock for a few seconds. She tossed her father’s 
hand aside and started to run after Roxanne’s car. 
She had a feeling that she might not see Roxanne again after this. 
Estella felt immense panic at the thought and she didn’t know what to do. 
In her panic, she tripped over a rock on the ground and fell.
###Chapter 113
Chapter 113
Chapter 113 Her Autism Was Triggered 
Lucian watched in astonishment while his daughter chased after Roxanne’s car frantically. 
She hasn’t even met Roxanne that many times, so why is she so attached to her? 
While Lucian was mired in bafflement, the girl suddenly fell over, jolting him to his senses. He promptly 
hastened over to embrace her. “Are you okay? Let Daddy have a look at you.” 
Estella refused to let go of the arms she had wrapped tightly around his neck, and while he worried 
about her plight, he heard the little girl break into a sob. 
For a moment, Lucian thought his ears were playing tricks on him. 
Even if she was merely crying, that was the very first time she had broken her silence growing up. 
Estella bawled her heart out and clung to him so tightly that he really felt it around his neck. In spite of 
the emotional turmoil he was experiencing, he endured it quietly and directed his own attention toward 
comforting her instead. 
“Ms. Jarvis… want Ms. Jarvis…” 
Estella’s abrupt and stuttering enunciations of these words took Lucian aback, as he had never 
expected those to be her first words. 
To think that that woman would matter so much to her. 
The thought of that left a bitter taste in his mouth. In the end, he could only tell the girl the truth 
between gritted teeth. “Ms. Jarvis is gone, but Daddy will be right here with you, so don’t cry anymore.” 
Estella’s incessant weeping took so much out of her physically that her tiny body started trembling. 
Bereft of options, Lucian could only ask for her to be excused from school and take her home. 
On the way back, the little girl settled down, slowly but surely, only sniffling from time to time while she 
sat in the back seat in utter silence. 
Disregarding everyone when they got back in, she went straight back to her room and slammed the 
door behind her. 
Lucian assumed that Estella must be on one of her usual tantrums, considering the frequency with 
which similar such outbursts from her had occurred before. 
On top of everything else, his presence at the company was still very much needed that day. 
After some deliberation, Lucian nonetheless asked Catalina to keep an eye on the girl before he drove 
over to the office. 
When he was just about finished with his work in the afternoon, a call came in from Catalina. “Please 
come back home quickly, Mr. Farwell! I think that something might be wrong with Ms. Estella!” 
She sounded almost panicky to him. 
With his heart in his throat, Lucian immediately set aside whatever he had on hand and drove 
homeward like a bat out of hell. 
“After you left, I tried to console Ms. Estella but saw that she had no reaction whatsoever no matter 
how I spoke to her…” Catalina was so unnerved that her voice was quivering. 
With swift strides and a tremendous sense of urgency, Lucian made his way into Estella’s room. Sitting 
curled up in the corner with vacuous eyes, the girl did not respond to their entrance. 
“Daddy knows how upset you are, Essie, but you will still get to see Ms. Jarvis in the future, all right? 
This, I promise you.” 
In the past, the mention of Roxanne would at least elicit some sort of reaction from Estella, but this 
time, she was completely and unflinchingly immersed in her own world. 
Lucian’s heart sank when he saw that. 
From the girl’s reaction, it was evident that her autism had worked up. 
That realization prompted Lucian to phone and request the immediate attention of his good friend, 
James Lann. 
James was a well-regarded professional in the field of psychology and had been the one responsible 
for treating Estella over the years. 
Very quickly, James came by to check on Estella. He, too, became solemn after assessing her 
condition. Turning to the other two persons in the room, he said, “Please step outside. I’d like to try 
talking to her for a while.” 
Lucian and Catalina cooperatively did as asked. 
Inside the room, James patiently spoke to Estella, but whatever he said was only met by her unfocused
stares. 
Compared to their previous sessions together, this situation was proving to be significantly more 
challenging.
###Chapter 114
Chapter 114
Chapter 114 Unhappy With Him 
Close to an hour later, James stepped out of the room, looking quite exhausted. 
Nothing had worked to the effect that he was hoping for, in spite of him having doled out every trick in 
the book that he knew of just to coax some manner of response from Estella. 
“How did it go?” Lucian inquired anxiously. 
James shook his head. “Essie has completely shut herself in. She has refused to communicate with 
anyone and is resistant even to me. My guess is that she must have been triggered by something. The 
only way to resolve this is by identifying the source of her trauma.” 
Lucian’s expression dimmed when he heard that. 
Seemingly unaware of the change in his friend’s mood, James continued to ask of the latter in earnest, 
“Has Essie encountered any situation recently that might have brought about this change in her 
emotional state?” 
Memories of the kid breaking her silence because of Roxanne came flowing back to Lucian. The 
answer thus became obvious to him. 
After a moment’s pause, Lucian recounted the events that transpired earlier that morning. 
James was stunned after learning how that woman managed to bring about such a sharp fluctuation in 
Estella’s emotions. “Perhaps this woman may be the key. Essie’s condition may see some 
improvements if we could just get her to come over.” 
Getting that woman to come to Essie? 
Recalling the manner of the former’s departure that morning caused Lucian’s brows to bunch up in 
frustration. “Got it. I’ll try to talk to her about this.” 
James nodded. 
Elsewhere, Roxanne remained completely in the dark about Estella’s predicament. 
Unsure whether it was owing to what Lucian said to her, she had been feeling rather unsettled since 
leaving the kindergarten premises behind. 
As she reflected upon it, the man’s tone of voice and expression did not seem feigned, but she had
logical cause to believe that Lucian must be somehow involved. 
All the way home, Roxanne’s mood had been in the doldrums but driven by concerns that her children 
would notice, she did her best to collect herself. 
The two wee ones had already sorted themselves out. When they saw her enter, they approached 
docilely. “Are you done with the paperwork, Mommy?” 
Smilingly, Roxanne nodded as though nothing was wrong. She even mentioned her meeting with 
Estella. “It’s done. I’ve also spoken to Essie on your behalf.” 
“Thanks, Mommy!” The children expressed their gratitude biddably. 
Patting them on the head gave Roxanne a greater sense of rootedness. 
Opposite them, the sight of the drama between the trio that was playing out in front of her pained 
Madilyn, who had become increasingly unhappy with Lucian. 
Leading their mother by her hands, the two kids sat her down on the couch excitedly. “Since we can’t 
go to kindergarten but haven’t enrolled for tuition yet, would we be allowed to take a short break?” 
The doting mother of the pair of boys consented to their stated request without hesitancy. “Sure. I can 
make arrangements for you to attend tuition after you’ve rested enough.” 
“In that case, could you also take a break for a while?” Benny hugged Roxanne’s arm, appearing 
adorable. “It’s been so long since we’ve been here that we’ve gone out together. Take us out to play, 
won’t you, Mommy? Archie and I would really like to go visit Universe Park because Aunt Madilyn told 
us that it is lots of fun!” 
In their discussion prior, they had come to the conclusion that their father’s decision to have them 
expelled from the kindergarten could have saddened their mother no less than it did them, so they 
thought about getting her to go out and take a load off. 
Roxanne appeared a little apprehensive. 
Guessing as much how they felt, she thus chose to accommodate them. “I haven’t been there in quite a 
while too. Seeing that I’m on leave today, why don’t we head there together?” 
Coupled with the fact that there she had nothing pressing to do over at the research institute, Roxanne
was in no mood to go in for work anyway. Hence, she dispensed with her own hesitancy and assented. 
Gathering a few things, the four of them then set off for Universe Park together.
###Chapter 115
Chapter 115
Chapter 115 We Will Protect You 
Soon enough, the four of them arrived at Universe Park. 
Even though Archie and Benny wanted to make their mother feel better, they had also been wanting to 
have some fun since before they arrived and had already come up with a plan. 
Right after they entered, both of them tugged at Roxanne’s hands, saying that they wanted to go to 
Jurassic Park to see the dinosaurs. 
She agreed to it and brought them to the park. Both children were so engrossed in their surroundings. 
Once they left Jurassic Park, they headed straight to the ET Adventure Ride for a trip to space on 
bicycles with the alien, ET. 
Roxanne was already feeling a little tired after the two rides. However, Archie and Benny were still in 
high spirits, and they went on many other rides after that. 
Each time they went on a new ride, they would insist on getting their pictures taken, and their mother 
would do as they wished every time. 
All the negative emotions from the past few days were forgotten having been distracted by their antics. 
After the discussion with James, Lucian still felt that it would be best if they called Roxanne over as 
soon as possible. Hence, he quickly gave her a call. 
However, she never picked up the call. 
His expression dimmed at that. 
After spending some time with her, he had almost forgotten how ruthless the woman could be. 
Not only would she not listen to his explanation, but she had also blocked his number on her phone 
too. It was as though she was trying to show him how resolute she was. 
“How is it?” James’ heart sank when he noticed the man’s expression. 
Time wasn’t on Estella’s side. The longer they waited, the worse her condition would get. 
Lucian followed his gaze and glanced at the little girl’s room, his voice low as he said, “Please stay 
here and look after Essie. I’m going to go look for her now.” 
Once he was done speaking, he headed straight for Roxanne’s house with Cayden tagging along. 
The one who opened the door for them was the housekeeper from before. Seeing that it was them, she 
greeted with a smile, “Are you here for Ms. Jarvis? She’s not here right now. Do you want to head in 
and wait for her?” 
Lucian’s face darkened at her words. “Where did she go?” 
“I think she went to Universe Park. Is something the matter? Should I inform her of your visit?” Lysa 
said. 
However, the man had already turned and left by the time she finished her sentence. 
Cayden then said with a smile, “No need. We’ll head there to look for her.” 
Then, he quickly followed closely behind Lucian. 
“Mr. Farwell, where…” He had only made something up earlier as he did not know what the latter was 
thinking. 
“We’re going to Universe Park,” Lucian said, his brows furrowed. 
Hearing that, Cayden hurriedly drove to the theme park. 
After getting the tickets and entering the place, both of them realized that they did not know where 
Roxanne was. 
“Let’s split up. Call me the moment you find her,” Lucian ordered coldly. 
Cayden nodded in response, and the both of them headed in different directions to look for the woman. 
Soon, the assistant called, “Mr. Farwell, I think I see Ms. Jarvis.” 
Lucian asked for his whereabouts and instantly headed that way. 
Since it was a weekday, there weren’t a lot of people visiting Universe Park. Both of them instantly saw 
the four figures standing outside the haunted house. 
It seemed as if the four of them were in a stalemate. Though, to be exact, Roxanne was at a standstill 
with Archie and Benny. 
The children were holding on to each of her arms, and she was standing rooted to the ground. 
“Mommy! Come on in with us. We’ll protect you,” Benny whined while tugging at her arm. 
Apprehension was written all over Roxanne’s face. 
Right then, Archie chimed in, “How are you going to be our role model if you’re so timid, Mommy?” 
After a moment, she finally relented. “All right… I’ll follow you guys in.” 
After saying that, she was dragged into the haunted house. 
At the same time, Lucian was following closely behind.
###Chapter 116
Chapter 116
Chapter 116 Into His Arms 
Everything was pitch black the moment they stepped foot into the haunted house. Roxanne held tightly 
onto the children’s hands while Madilyn led the way in front of them. 
Archie and Benny snickered silently. They had never expected their mother to be so afraid of ghosts. 
But she’ll probably forget about whatever’s been bothering her after getting scared here, right? 
With the plan in mind, both of them decided to not tell her that their hands hurt from being held so 
tightly and dragged her along. 
The longer they walked, the more frightened Roxanne felt. 
She had been afraid of things like this since she was young. Even though she knew that ghosts weren’t 
real, with the music and lights setting off the mood, she couldn’t help but feel terrified. 
It was especially so when she didn’t know when the NPCs would appear. 
The three people walking in front of her had been saying that they were going to console her. Yet, it 
seemed like they were not talking on purpose, making her more and more terrified. She wanted so 
much to just turn around and leave. 
However, at the thought of what Archie had said earlier, Roxanne braved it and continued walking 
ahead because she wanted to be the children’s role model. 
Just as she was feeling restless, a pair of stiff legs appeared before her eyes. 
The woman froze upon seeing that, but she subconsciously looked up. 
Under the dim lights, a pale face with its tongue out hovered before her face. 
“Ah…” At the sight of this, Roxanne felt as though her heart was about to jump out of her chest. She 
couldn’t even make a sound out of shock. 
It was already too late by the time Archie and Benny realized that something was wrong with their 
mother. 
The woman flung her hands away from them and ran in the direction they came from. 
It’s too terrifying. I want to leave! 
“Mommy!” The children were stunned by her reaction. Nonetheless, they quickly chased after her once
they snapped back to their senses. 
Madilyn turned around and saw the hanging ghost that had appeared some time ago. She couldn’t help 
but feel exasperated seeing this. 
The NPC had appeared at such perfect timing. It wasn’t there when she and the children walked over. 
Yet, it had appeared right in front of Roxanne. 
The three of them went after the woman hastily. However, she was nowhere to be seen after taking two 
turns. 
At that moment, Madilyn, Archie, and Benny couldn’t help but worry. 
They knew how much Roxanne feared these things. They only wanted to take her mind off of things 
when they brought her in here. 
No one had expected something like this to happen. 
She would have been shocked to the core if she ended up encountering a horrifying part of the haunted 
house alone. 
“It’s all my fault. I shouldn’t have insisted that Mommy come in here,” Benny mumbled guiltily. 
Madilyn didn’t know what to say to console him at that point. 
Taking a look around, Archie took his brother’s hand and said, “This is not the time to be blaming 
yourself. Let’s look for Mommy now. If we really can’t find her, we can go to the employees here for 
help.” 
At that, they started to look for Roxanne in the haunted house. 
Meanwhile, the woman was clueless about their worries. Fear had taken over her, and all she could 
think of at that moment was the stiff legs and the NPC’s pale face. She had even forgotten about the 
three’s existence as all she wanted was to leave the place. 
Roxanne ran around the haunted house for a long time, but she was still unable to find the exit. She 
couldn’t stop herself from feeling despair, and she started to mumble while running, “Please don’t scare 
me… Please…” 
Suddenly, while in the dark, she bumped into someone’s firm chest. 
The woman’s body stiffened, and she let out a scream a moment later. Her mind had already gone
blank. 
The four of them were nowhere in sight by the time Lucian and his assistant entered the haunted 
house. It turned out that they had gone through different entrances. Both of them spent so much time 
looking for them but to no avail. Just as he was starting to feel frustrated, someone fell right into his 
arms. 
Right when he was about to push the person away, he heard the scream coming from the person. He 
paused instantly and started to take the person into his arms.
###Chapter 117
Chapter 117 What Is There To Explain
Roxanne was scared out of her mind. Her body was trembling as she instinctively tried to burrow further into his embrace.
When he felt her body tremble, Lucian’s heart softened, and he asked, “Why did you come in here if you’re so scared?”
She was too stunned to react when she heard his voice.
Sighing, the man said, “I’ll bring you out.”
Roxanne slowly snapped back to her senses. She felt that the voice was really familiar, and the scent surrounding her senses made her heart sink.
Lucian? No. Why is he here?She looked up in confusion and met up with the man’s worried eyes.
Roxanne froze as soon as their eyes met. She responded immediately after, and all fear seemed to have left her body. Her face turned expressionless as she struggled to free herself from his embrace.
Lucian could feel her resistance, and he quickly became cold toward her, allowing her to move away from him.
“Why are you here?” she asked, watching the man before her warily.
Taking some time to recollect himself, Lucian replied indifferently, “To find you.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne furrowed her brows slightly. “I think I’ve already made it clear enough. Seeing that you’re doing so much to look for me, there must be something you want, right?”
She had already blocked Lucian on all platforms after she left the kindergarten in the morning.
Now that he had found her, all her efforts had gone to waste.
Besides needing her help, Roxanne could not think of any other reason why he would look for her.
Lucian’s eyes darkened at her words. He originally planned to get straight to the point and tell her what he was after, but it felt as though her question had pierced right through his heart.
If he were to tell her that he needed her help, the woman would have come up with something sarcastic to ridicule him.
Staying silent for a few seconds, Lucian approached her in another way. “I just think that I haven’t given you a proper explanation regarding Archie and Benny getting kicked out of school. I hope that you’ll calm down and hear me out.”
Roxanne was already determined that he was the one behind this incident. All she felt was irony when she heard what was just said.
Explain? What’s there to explain? Did he not have enough of his fun over the past few days?
At the thought of this, a cold glint flashed through her eyes. Her tone was distant as she said, “Mr. Farwell, you hold great power, so do whatever you want. You don’t have to deliberately explain after doing what you did. I don’t want to hear it either.”
The man scrunched up his brows as he said, “I always have a clear conscience whenever I do things, and there’s nothing I wouldn’t admit to. However, this isn’t my doing. I’ve been blamed by someone else for no reason. I admit that I have spoken to the head of the kindergarten to kick Archie and Benny out when I found out that they were in the same school as Essie. But after the fuss she made that day, I promised I would never do it again as a consideration for my daughter’s feelings. The only reason this whole thing had happened was that Aubree saw that the boys were studying there when she sent
Essie to school that morning. She took the liberty of telling the head of the kindergarten to expel the boys. I only found out about this when you came looking for me.”
In the end, he was saying that Aubree was behind everything.
This made Roxanne feel more ridiculed. “So? What makes you different from her? You made the request first, and as your marriage partner, when Aubree brought it up again, do you think that the head of the kindergarten would not have thought about what you said? Ultimately, this all happened because of you!”
Upon hearing her putting Aubree and him together again, Lucian couldn’t stop himself from feeling frustrated. “She’s her own person, and I’m my own. Why do you always lump us together? I have no reason to intervene in Archie’s and Benny’s lives. I’ve already warned the head of the kindergarten last night. The boys can return to kindergarten any time now.”
###Chapter 118
Chapter 118 Not Her Child
Roxanne found his words humorous. She could still clearly remember how the man had sworn that he would not marry anyone else but Aubree six years ago. He had even treated her coldly because she had taken Aubree's place.
"I find it hard to believe you, Lucian," Roxanne said, her voice tinged with bitterness. "You may claim that you're not involved with Aubree's actions, but your past actions and words tell a different story. How can I trust you now?"
Lucian's face hardened. "People change, Roxanne. I've realized my mistakes, and I'm trying to make amends. But you have to give me a chance to prove it."
Roxanne shook her head, her expression resolute. "I can't afford to let you or Aubree hurt my boys again. They're my priority, and I won't risk their well-being on empty promises."
A flicker of pain crossed Lucian's eyes, but he quickly masked it with determination. "I understand your reluctance, but I'm not asking you to trust me blindly. Let my actions speak for themselves. I'll make sure Aubree stays away from Archie and Benny, and I'll ensure they can continue their education without any interference."
Roxanne hesitated, torn between her desire to protect her children and the faint hope that Lucian might genuinely want to make things right. "I'll hold you to your word, Lucian. But if anything happens to my boys again, I won't hesitate to take legal action against you and Aubree."
Lucian nodded solemnly. "You have my word, Roxanne. I won't let you down."
With that, Roxanne turned and walked away, leaving Lucian standing alone, contemplating how to regain her trust and protect the children from any further harm caused by Aubree.
As she reached her car, Roxanne took a deep breath, trying to steady her emotions. She couldn't afford to let her guard down, not when it came to her sons. They had already been through enough.
The drive home was silent, the weight of the conversation with Lucian pressing heavily on her mind. She needed to stay strong for Archie and Benny, and she couldn't let her feelings for Lucian cloud her judgment.
When she arrived home, the boys were waiting for her, their worried expressions melting away as soon as they saw her. "Mommy, are you okay?" Benny asked, his eyes full of concern.
Roxanne smiled and pulled them both into a tight hug. "I'm fine, my loves. Everything's going to be alright."
That night, as she tucked them into bed, she couldn't help but think about Lucian's words. Part of her wanted to believe that he had changed, that he genuinely cared about her and the boys. But the scars of the past were not so easily forgotten.
She sat by their bedside, watching them sleep peacefully, and whispered a silent vow. "I'll protect you both, no matter what. No one will ever hurt you again."
The following days passed in a blur of routine and work. Roxanne focused on her job at the research institute, using it as a distraction from her worries. She also kept a close eye on Archie and Benny, making sure they were adjusting well back at the kindergarten.
True to his word, Lucian had spoken to the head of the kindergarten, and the boys were welcomed back without any issues. Roxanne was relieved but still wary, knowing that Aubree could pose a threat at any moment.
One afternoon, as she was working on a project at the institute, she received a call from Lucian. Hesitating for a moment, she finally picked up.
"Roxanne," Lucian's voice came through the line, "I wanted to let you know that I've taken measures to ensure Aubree stays away from the boys. I've made it clear that any interference from her will have serious consequences."
Roxanne felt a mixture of relief and skepticism. "I appreciate that, Lucian. But I hope you understand that it'll take more than words to earn my trust back."
"I do understand," Lucian replied earnestly. "I'm willing to do whatever it takes. Just know that I care about Archie and Benny, and I want to be a positive presence in their lives."
Roxanne sighed, conflicted by her emotions. "We'll see, Lucian. For now, let's focus on keeping the boys safe and happy."
"Agreed," Lucian said. "Thank you for giving me a chance, Roxanne."
As she hung up the phone, Roxanne couldn't shake off the feeling of uncertainty. She wanted to believe that Lucian had changed, but only time would tell if his actions matched his words.
In the meantime, she resolved to stay vigilant and protect her children at all costs. They were her world, and nothing was more important than their safety and happiness.
4o
###Chapter 119
Chapter 119
Chapter 119 What Will You Do To Mommy 
Lucian’s expression darkened, and he stared attentively at Roxanne. However, he couldn’t identify any 
trace of disingenuousness. 
Lucian looked away eventually, his heart throttled, and he was swarmed by a wave of confusion. 
All this while, Roxanne thought that Estella was Aubree’s child! 
He was under the impression that Estella was abandoned by Roxanne. When Roxanne acted aloof 
toward Estella when she returned to the country, Lucian thought that Roxanne was a cold-hearted 
woman. 
However, from the way she spoke earlier, she seemed to not know that Estella was her child. 
What is going on? 
Or is she such a great actor that she’s managed to deceive me? 
Lucian was perplexed and dumbfounded. 
It was only after a long time that Lucian managed to recollect his thoughts. He held on to her slender 
wrist, lowered his voice, and uttered word-by-word in precise clarity, “Since when did I say that Estella 
is Aubree’s child?” 
Roxanne’s wrist started to hurt, but she was distracted by his mind-blowing statement. Shock and 
suspicion filled her heart. 
Estella is not Aubree’s child! 
No wonder Aubree was not there that day when Estella was sick. 
However, from what she knew, no one else got together with Lucian besides Aubree. 
Who can it be? Who’s Estella’s mother? 
The thoughts started to overwhelm Roxanne, and she struggled to resist popping the question. 
“Mommy!” two familiar voices called out to Roxanne. “We finally found you! Are you okay?” 
The children ran frantically toward Roxanne, whose wrist was clutched tightly by Lucian. 
Archie and Benny exchanged glances before scrambling toward Roxanne. 
“Mommy, don’t be worried. We will protect you!” Benny extended his arm and stood in front of
Roxanne. He looked up, and he finally saw Lucian’s face clearly. 
Archie, too, walked to Roxanne’s side and held on to her arm. With a deadly stare, he looked Lucian 
ferociously in the eye. 
Realizing that it was Lucian, Archie’s face tensed as he pursed his lips. He then stormed furiously 
toward Lucian, mustered all his strength, and pushed Lucian away forcefully. “Let go of my Mommy! 
What do you want to do to her?” 
Lucian frowned before releasing his grip. He quickly explained, “I’m just asking your Mommy for help. 
I’m not going to harm her.” 
Archie nonetheless continued to stare at him warily. 
Benny turned backward and held on to Roxanne’s hand. He shook her hand gently and said, “Mommy, 
are you okay? Did he bully you? Archie and I will protect you!” 
Roxanne, however, had yet to recover from her discovery about Estella’s background. In response, she 
shook her head mindlessly. “Don’t worry.” 
Looking at her troubled expression, Benny became even more worried. Enraged, he glared in response 
at Lucian. 
Stupid Daddy! It’s one thing to bully us, but now he’s bullying Mommy when we’re not around! 
When I grow up, I will teach him a lesson! 
All of a sudden, the atmosphere became tangibly stiff. 
While Madilyn was displeased with Lucian, she managed to keep her cool. Understanding that it was 
not an appropriate place for a conversation, Madilyn walked up and pulled them over. “Maybe you 
should take this conversation outside.” 
After that, she tapped lightly on Roxanne’s shoulder. “If you’re afraid, then we should pass on the 
haunted house. Let’s head out.” 
Roxanne finally came back to her senses. She nodded and followed Madilyn out, ignoring Lucian in the 
process. 
Benny gripped Roxanne’s hand tightly, worried that she would be frightened. Like a knight in shining 
armor, he protected Roxanne while she walked.
###Chapter 120
Chapter 120
Chapter 120 Must Protect Essie 
Lucian followed right behind. 
The exit was not difficult to locate. However, Roxanne was lost because she was frightened by the 
sophisticated gimmicks, causing her to panic. 
After calming herself down, she managed to find her way out of the haunted house in a short time. 
The sunlight shone on her face, dazzling Roxanne a little. 
Lucian, who was right behind Roxanne, couldn’t take his eyes of her. 
At this point, both of them had different thoughts running through their minds. 
Noticing that the atmosphere was tense, Madilyn pulled Roxanne to a side and whispered softly, 
“What’s going on? What is he asking for?” 
Roxanne snapped back into her senses. She gazed at Lucian, only to notice his anxious and worried 
look. 
The next second, she recalled what Lucian said in the haunted house. 
It didn’t seem like he was lying. 
With that thought in mind, Roxanne started to feel worried about Estella. 
Before this, she had always thought that Estella was Lucian and Aubree’s child. After knowing that 
Aubree was not involved, Roxanne couldn’t help but like Estella even more. 
“Nothing, just some personal matters.” Roxanne smiled. 
Madilyn, however, was in doubt. 
What personal matter did they have to discuss between them anyway? Even baffling was the fact that 
Lucian came here all the way. 
Just as Madilyn wanted to pry further, she realized that Roxanne had already left her and was walking 
toward Lucian. 
Madilyn’s doubts intensified. 
Lucian saw Roxanne walking toward him. He furrowed his brow and wanted to continue asking her for 
help. 
Roxanne, nonetheless, spoke first. “Let’s take a stroll.” 
Lucian immediately heaved a sigh of relief. He thanked her profusely, saying, “I truly appreciate this.” 
After deciding to pay a visit to Estella, Roxanne took over Archie and Benny from Madilyn and said, “I 
think you may head back first. We’re going with him.” 
She knew that Estella was reliant on Archie and Benny. With the two of them around, it could aid in her 
recovery. 
Madilyn decided not to pester Roxanne further. Quietly, she stared at the four of them leaving, 
behaving no differently from any other adoring family. 
After coming out of Universe Park, Roxanne, together with Archie and Bernie, got into Lucian’s car, 
leaving behind Madilyn and the car that they came with. 
Cayden was already waiting in the car. He revved up the engine and sped toward the Farwell 
residence. 
While on the way, Lucian briefly explained Estella’s condition to Roxanne and her history of medical 
treatments. 
Roxanne was disheartened to find out about the mental illness and hardships that Estella faced at such 
a young age. 
It appeared that Estella’s condition had deteriorated. 
Holding that thought, Roxanne began to feel some guilt. 
If she knew that Estella’s condition was that severe, she would not have said those things in front of 
her. 
Archie and Benny sat quietly beside Roxanne. They listened attentively to Lucian, and their hatred 
toward him was slowly replaced by heartache. 
Estella was about the same age as they were, but she had to endure such horrific grievances in life. 
Even in kindergarten, she was ostracized by the others. 
We must protect Essie! 
Cayden was driving at a blazing speed, and they arrived at the manor shortly after. 
After getting down from the car, Lucian led Roxanne, Archie, and Benny and rushed toward the second
floor of the building. 
Meanwhile, James was waiting upstairs. Because of Estella’s resistance, he had to keep his distance 
while monitoring her, fearing that she would harm herself. Hence, he left the door slightly ajar and 
silently stood at the entrance. 
When he saw the four of them, James had his brows slightly knitted before nodding. “Ms. Jarvis.” 
Roxanne nodded in reply, and her attention was focused exclusively on Estella. “Where’s Essie? Let 
me take a look at her.” 
James pointed toward the corner of the room.
###Chapter 121
Chapter 121
Chapter 121 What Went Wrong 
Roxanne walked in that direction, and she saw Estella curled in the corner with her knees tucked in, 
and her eyes looked empty like a soulless doll. 
Recalling how Estella used to welcome her with a sweet, bright smile, Roxanne’s heart was wrenched 
in pain, suffocating her. 
This morning, Estella grabbed her skirt with a pair of twinkling eyes, but she descended into such a 
piteous state so unexpectedly. 
Roxanne tiptoed into the room and squatted down beside her. With a soft and gentle voice, she called 
out to her, “Essie, I’m here.” 
Estella, however, had no response. 
Roxanne was taken aback by Estella’s condition. 
Behind Roxanne, James reminded softly, “Ms. Jarvis, Estella is now completely shut off from the 
outside world. You need to keep talking to her, in order to lure her back into reality. Patience is 
necessary to achieve that.” 
Roxanne calmed herself down and nodded. 
She started talking to Estella again, “Essie, look who is here too! Archie and Benny are here! They’re 
all here!” 
Archie and Benny strode over to join Roxanne and Estella. Benny started making faces at Estella. “I’m 
here to visit you! Don’t you cry!” 
Archie frowned and stared at Estella’s eyes. “You can just zone out for a short while, okay? We’re 
waiting for you to play together. Would you like to join us?” 
Previously, when they said this, Estella would burst into laughter. 
However, this time, Estella did not respond. She sat motionlessly on the same spot and did not even lift 
a finger. 
The smile on Benny’s face slowly faded, and it quickly turned into a frown. “Hey, we’re talking to you. 
Are you unhappy that you’re going to school? Archie and I are joining you soon. We can bring you
anywhere that you want, and we can do everything together! Doesn’t that sound nice?” 
With a sullen expression, Archie threatened, “If you don’t talk to us, we don’t want to play with you 
anymore!” 
Be that as it may, Estella still did not respond. 
Archie and Benny took a deep breath and changed their methods. Instead of anticipating a response, 
they started babbling incessantly about all sorts of topics, even mentioning what happened at Universe 
Park. They also promised to bring her there once she recovered. 
In spite of their relentless attempts to get her to talk, Estella didn’t even blink once. 
Their eyes started to well up, and they used Roxanne’s sleeves to wipe their tears. “Mommy, Essie 
doesn’t seem to be able to hear us. What should we do?” 
Their voices started to break. 
Roxanne’s eyes were also slightly red. She kept her composure and patted Archie and Benny on the 
head. “Essie will surely recover. Why don’t the two of you take a break? I will speak to her.” 
Archie and Benny struggled to resist crying, at least not in front of Estella. Quietly, they retreated 
behind Roxanne. 
Roxanne extended her hand gently and carried Estella in her arms. Roxanne started talking about 
everything under the sun, irrespective of whether Estella could hear her. 
Estella was also like a doll, leaving herself to the whims and fancies of Roxanne. 
That very sight pulled at Lucian’s heartstrings. 
He was even more certain that Roxanne did not know that Estella was her daughter. 
Otherwise, Roxanne would not have treated Estella that kindly, given that she purportedly abandoned 
her own daughter. 
What went wrong?
###Chapter 122
Chapter 122
Chapter 122 She Finally Recovered 
For the entire day, Roxanne was there with Estella. 
Despite that, Estella never responded. 
As darkness fell, Roxanne had to leave, albeit unwillingly. 
“I will visit you again tomorrow. You have to get better, okay?” Roxanne hugged Estella tight. 
Archie and Benny too, embraced her. 
When the three of them were about to leave, Roxanne felt a force pulling the corner of her skirt. 
Stunned, she turned around. Estella’s gaze was still fixated somewhere else, without any emotion, but 
her hand remained gripped on Roxanne’s skirt tightly. 
At the door, Lucian and James exchanged glances, shocked. 
They thought that Estella completely shut herself off and would not respond to any external stimuli. 
Much to their surprise, Estella could feel Roxanne’s presence. On top of that, she didn’t want Roxanne 
to leave. 
Roxanne almost lost her breath. She stood there for a few seconds before gradually walking back to 
Estella. She squatted down and looked her in the eyes warmly. “Essie, you know I’m here, right?” 
Estella’s eyes still looked blank, but her hands remained gripped on Roxanne’s skirt. 
Archie and Benny quickly asked, “Mommy, can we bring Essie back with us?” 
Bring Essie back with us! 
Roxanne was tempted slightly, and she apprehensively looked toward the duo standing at the door. 
If Estella was willing to tag along, Roxanne had no hesitation in taking Estella under her wing. 
However, Roxanne feared that Estella was not willing to leave her father. 
James’ expression stiffened. “I think that’s fine. It’s a huge improvement to even see Essie respond to 
something. Perhaps her chances of recovery will be significantly higher if she stays with you for a 
while.” 
Finishing his sentence, James turned toward Lucian. 
Lucian stared at Estella’s hands, and his heart felt like it was run over by a huge truck. A numbing pain
soon consumed him. 
Shortly after, he snapped back into his senses and said in a deep voice, “I’ll send you back. But give 
me a second, I’ll get Catalina to pack some of Essie’s daily essentials.” 
Roxanne, Archie, and Benny were shocked and pleased at the same time. 
Archie and Benny rushed toward Estella, their faces filled with joy, and hugged her. “We will take really 
good care of you!” 
Later that day, Lucian sent the four of them back. 
Estella curled up in Roxanne’s arms like a doll. Even when they got in the car, she clung closely to 
Roxanne, and her hands subconsciously clutched Roxanne’s skirt. 
Archie obediently sat in the passenger seat. 
Throughout the journey, Lucian explained in detail the things to pay attention to when taking care of 
Estella. 
Although Catalina was there, Lucian was the one who took care of Estella personally. Hence, he was 
well aware of her quirks and needs. 
Lucian remembered everything, including how Estella always woke up at midnight, that she needed to 
drink milk before sleeping, and that she was picky when it came to food. 
Lucian then stared at the rearview mirror and said to Roxanne, “I’ll leave Essie with you for the next few 
days. Thank you for helping her.” 
Roxanne replied calmly, “I’ve said this, and I will say it again. The child is innocent, and I will take good 
care of her.” 
Lucian did not overstay his welcome. Seeing that they had set up Estella’s room, he bid goodbye and 
left after that. 
Roxanne felt strange. 
Lucian confidently left Estella with me, just like that? 
However, her attention was subsequently directed back to Estella, and her lingering thoughts 
immediately vanished. 
Outside Roxanne’s house, Lucian’s expression darkened almost immediately. He then took out his
phone and rang Aubree. 
“Lucian, is there anything wrong?” Aubree’s said coyly. 
Most of the time, it was Aubree who took the initiative to call Lucian. Hence, she was surprised to see 
Lucian calling her back, thinking that he had finally realized the good in her. 
Lucian’s voice was cold and distant. “Meet me half an hour at Lake Frosa.” 
Then, he put down the phone.
###Chapter 123
Chapter 123
Chapter 123 Should Have Just Killed Her Aubree tensed up when she heard Lucian’s tone, and whatever hope she had earlier was gone in an 
instant. 
Under normal circumstances, she would dress herself up before meeting Lucian. Since he had asked 
her to get there within thirty minutes, she only had time to grab her handbag before rushing over. 
As her house was quite far from the restaurant, the taxi driver had to floor the accelerator just to get her 
there in time. 
Lucian was already waiting for her by the time she entered the restaurant. 
He looked up from his seat next to the window when he heard the door open, the look in his eyes 
colder than the night outside. 
“What is it, Lucian?” Aubree asked with a guilty look on her face while sitting down in front of him. 
Lucian was exuding a terrifying aura as he glared at her in silence. 
Aubree clenched her fists out of nervousness but made sure to maintain a calm smile on her face. 
“You dropped Essie off today morning?” Lucian asked all of a sudden. 
Aubree nodded profusely. “Yeah. Mrs. Farwell asked me to help out, so I did.” 
Lucian let out a cold snort upon hearing that. “Did my mother also ask you to see the head of the 
kindergarten and expel the two kids in the name of Farwell Group?” 
Aubree went pale instantly as she wasn’t expecting him to find out so soon. After brainstorming for a 
few seconds, she came up with an excuse and said, “I saw those two kids bullying Essie when I 
dropped her off, so I got mad and confronted the head of the kindergarten…” 
She then looked up at Lucian nervously as she continued, “I just couldn’t stand seeing them bully 
Essie, Lucian! I’m sure you understand, right?” 
Lucian arched an eyebrow at her in response. “I do, but I would also like to know where that alleged 
bullying took place.” 
“A-At the entrance of the kindergarten,” Aubree replied with a trembling voice. 
The look in Lucian’s eyes grew increasingly colder. “All right, I’ll have someone check the surveillance
camera footage. I’ll let this slide if it is proven to be true. However—” 
“I-I got it wrong!” Aubree cut him off anxiously when she heard him mention the surveillance camera 
footage. “I-It didn’t take place at the kindergarten! It was at… Um…” 
She kept stammering and stuttering as she tried to think of something, but nothing came to mind. 
Lucian glared coldly at her until his patience eventually ran out. “I won’t question how many more times 
you’ve abused Farwell Group’s name for your own benefit. However, your actions today have triggered 
Essie’s autism! I will not show you any mercy if anything happens to her!” 
Aubree felt a shiver down her spine when she looked up and met his gaze. She had no reason to doubt 
the veracity of his words at all. 
Lucian then shot her another cold glance before getting up from his chair. 
“Lucian!” Aubree called out to him when she saw him leaving. 
Lucian turned around and asked with an expressionless look on his face, “What more do you have to 
say for yourself? You’d better give me a convincing explanation.” 
Aubree’s lips trembled, but she eventually lowered her head in silence. 
It doesn’t matter what I say. My lies will be exposed once Lucian checks the kindergarten’s surveillance 
camera footage. 
By the time she looked up again, Lucian was nowhere in sight. 
The look of fear in Aubree’s eyes slowly turned to anger and hatred. 
D*mn it! How did things turn out like this? Lucian found out about what I did, and it’s all because of that 
little b*tch! She’s such a pain in the neck! I should’ve just killed her this morning!
###Chapter 124
Chapter 124
Chapter 124 Who Could Have Done This 
Roxanne went to make dinner after instructing her two kids to look after Estella. 
She had noted down all the important points that Lucian mentioned earlier, and she also made sure to 
prepare the food according to Estella’s preferences. 
When dinner was ready, Roxanne had Archie and Benny bring Estella downstairs. 
Like princes and princesses in fairy tales, the two boys each held one of Estella’s hands as they went 
down the stairs at her pace. 
Seeing the three of them like that filled Roxanne’s heart with warmth, but the thought of Estella’s 
current condition brought a sympathetic frown to her face. 
Archie and Benny then let Estella sit next to Roxanne at the dinner table while they sat beside her. 
Roxanne patted them on their heads before taking her seat and feeding Estella. 
Perhaps because the food was prepared according to her preferences, Estella was able to finish 
everything without any issues. 
After dinner, Roxanne had Archie and Benny return to their bedroom before bringing Estella into hers 
for a bath. 
Estella showed no response whatsoever when Roxanne helped undress her. 
As the pants came off, Roxanne was greeted by horrifying bruises and welts all over Estella’s buttocks. 
“It must’ve been really painful, huh?” Roxanne asked while caressing the little girl’s cheeks, feeling 
sorry for her. 
Estella simply stared blankly at her in response. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll make sure to be gentle, and we’ll give Daddy a call once we’re done with your bath,” 
Roxanne continued with a heavy heart after a brief moment of silence. 
After giving Estella a quick bath and a change of clothes, Roxanne had her wait on the bed while she 
gave Lucian a call. 
The call got through within seconds. “What’s wrong? Did Essie cause you any trouble?” 
“Was Essie’s autism really triggered by Archie and Benny being expelled?” Roxanne asked solemnly. 
Lucian frowned. “What do you mean by that?” 
Roxanne felt her heart ache when she realized he was probably oblivious to what happened, but the 
thought of him being an irresponsible parent upset her as well. 
“Come have a look yourself!” she said in displeasure and hung up immediately after. 
The look on Lucian’s face turned gloomy after hearing that, and he quickly rushed over to Roxanne’s 
house. 
“Mr. Farwell, I’m sure you know where Essie got these wounds from, right?” Roxanne asked while 
pulling Estella’s pants down to show him the bruises. 
Judging by how Lucian’s expression grew vicious instantly, Roxanne could confirm that this was news 
to him as well. 
“What’s the meaning of this? Are you seriously unaware of your daughter’s injuries?” she asked while 
furrowing her brows. 
Lucian shook his head. “I wouldn’t even lay a finger on her, let alone abuse her like this. I’ve been really 
busy with work lately, so I had Catalina look after Essie. It’s unlikely for her to do such a thing, 
though…” 
Although Roxanne agreed with him on that statement, she had him summon Catalina anyway. “In that 
case, you should try asking her about this. She might know something you don’t.” 
Lucian nodded and had Cayden drive her over immediately. 
“Do you know anything about these wounds?” 
Catalina had a pained look on her face when she saw the bruises on Estella’s body. “What happened 
to her? She was just fine yesterday! Who could’ve done such a cruel thing to Ms. Estella?” 
The look in Lucian’s eyes grew increasingly cold. “That means this incident happened today…”
###Chapter 125
Chapter 125
Chapter 125 Confronting Aubree 
Realizing that she was the most suspicious individual due to her unresolved conflict with Lucian, 
Roxanne was quick to explain, “Just so you know, I didn’t do this! I’ve always believed that children are 
innocent! Besides, Archie and Benny like Essie a lot, so I would never hit her!” 
Plus, since she had spent some time alone with Estella, she would have no way of explaining herself if 
Lucian decided to suspect her. 
Her anxiety got so intense that it even started showing on her face. 
Lucian shot her a confused glance upon hearing what she said. “I’m not suspecting you or anything. In 
fact, I think I know who did this.” 
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief before asking worriedly, “Who could it be?” 
The temperature in the room seemed to decrease as Lucian went into deep thought. 
Mom and Dad brought Essie out of the house yesterday without explaining why. While their behavior 
does seem a little strange, I know for a fact that they love Essie very much, and that they would never 
lay a finger on her. The only other person that has been in contact with Essie since last night is Aubree! 
I know that Essie has always disliked her, but I didn’t think she’d hurt Essie like this! 
“Well? Who is it?” Roxanne asked anxiously when she saw his gloomy expression. 
Lucian tried his best to suppress his anger as he said, “I’ll be leaving Essie in your care for a bit. 
There’s something I need to take care of.” 
He then turned around and left the house while Roxanne watched on with a displeased frown. 
As if not knowing about his daughter’s injuries wasn’t bad enough, he’s seriously just going to leave her 
here after finding out about it? 
Aubree was so terrified by Lucian’s intimidating aura earlier that she sat there in the restaurant for quite 
some time before heading back. 
Even when she got home, her mind was still a mess as she recalled Lucian’s questioning from earlier. 
Aubree was about to call Elias and Sonya for help when she heard her doorbell ring. 
She then put her phone away and had the butler open the door. 
The butler returned moments later with her visitor, and Aubree went pale when she saw who it was. 
“L-Lucian? What are you doing here?” 
Those words had barely left her mouth when Lucian stepped forward and grabbed her by the throat. 
Aubree’s eyes were filled with fear as she asked in a trembling voice, “Lucian, what’s the meaning of 
this?” 
Lucian’s bloodthirsty expression made him look like a demon that had crawled straight out of hell. 
“Were you the one who gave Essie those wounds?” he asked while tightening his grip on her neck. 
Aubree tugged at his wrist as she struggled to breathe. “L-Lucian, I don’t know what you’re talking 
about… Let go of me, and we’ll talk this out…” 
Lucian narrowed his eyes and asked coldly, “How long do you intend to keep this act up, Aubree?” 
“I really don’t know anything! I love Essie very much, so there’s no way I’d hit her! I know nothing about 
these wounds you’re talking about! I’m not sure why you’d think I did it, but this really is a 
misunderstanding! You have to believe me, Lucian!” Aubree protested with her face as white as a 
sheet.
###Chapter 126
Chapter 126
Chapter 126 She Should Just Die 
She even tried turning on the waterworks as she pleaded with him, but Lucian did not loosen his grip in 
the slightest. 
It took Aubree every ounce of energy she had just to get a breath of air in, but she still stubbornly 
refused to admit to what she had done. 
If Lucian is being so vicious toward me simply because he suspects me, then there’s no telling what 
he’d do to me if I admit to it! 
Cayden was shocked when he came in after Lucian and saw Aubree’s face turning purple. Fearing that 
Lucian would accidentally kill her, he quickly ran forward to stop him. “Let go of her, Mr. Farwell! She’ll 
die if you don’t!” 
Instead of letting go, Lucian simply tightened his grip on her neck even further. 
In that very moment, Aubree had no doubt that he would actually strangle her to death. 
Eventually, Cayden had no choice but to step in and forcefully pry her out of his grip. 
Having been drained of all her energy, Aubree slumped to the floor immediately after being released 
and panted heavily. 
After taking a moment to regain his composure, Lucian glared at her as he said, “Fine, you can keep 
that act up for as long as you like. I’ll ask Essie about it when she gets better, and I will come for you if 
you really are the one behind this!” 
He then stormed out of the house with Cayden following closely behind, leaving Aubree on the floor 
with a mix of anger and fear all over her face. 
D*mn it! Why won’t that little b*stard just die? Now I have to live in fear of her telling on me! 
The mere thought of what Lucian would do to her terrified her to no end. 
Lucian had been completely silent after getting into the car with Cayden. 
“Mr. Farwell, would you like to go check on Ms. Estella?” Cayden asked cautiously after a while. 
“Take us back to the manor,” Lucian replied while suppressing his anger. 
Although Cayden didn’t understand the reasoning behind his request, he drove them back to the
Farwell residence anyway. 
“Wait here,” Lucian instructed and got out of the car by himself. 
Moments later, he came back with a dark-colored bottle in hand. 
“Take me to Roxanne’s,” he ordered after getting back into the car. 
Cayden nodded and did as told. 
Roxanne had been keeping Estella company after Lucian left earlier. She then had Archie and Benny 
watch over her while she fetched a first aid kit from downstairs. 
The two kids tried their best to entertain Estella, only to feel a little disappointed when they received no 
response from her. 
“It’ll take some time for Essie to recover, so we must be patient,” Roxanne said while patting them on 
the head. 
The two kids nodded obediently and reluctantly returned to their room after hearing that. 
Moments after tucking Estella in, Roxanne was about to get some rest when she heard the doorbell 
ring. 
“I thought you said you had some business to take care of? Why have you come back so soon?” she 
asked upon seeing Lucian at the door. 
“I went back to get Essie some ointment. Could you apply it for her?” Lucian replied while handing her 
the bottle of ointment. 
Roxanne’s feeling of displeasure decreased slightly upon recognizing it as a fairly expensive medical 
ointment that was extremely effective for treating bruises. 
I assumed that he had left Estella with me to take care of work, but he actually went to get her some 
medical ointment…
###Chapter 127
Chapter 127
Chapter 127 Abandoning Mommy And Bullying Us 
With that in mind, Roxanne nodded and led him upstairs. 
As Estella had already fallen asleep, the room was only illuminated by a night lamp at the time. Afraid 
that she would wake her up, Roxanne made sure to be extra careful and gentle. 
While standing by the door with his hands in his pockets, Lucian shifted his gaze from Estella to the 
decoration in the room. 
Not only did the room look exceptionally neat and tidy, but the dolls that Roxanne’s kids brought over 
also added a warm and homely feel to it. 
Looking at the room caused the anger that Lucian was suppressing to vanish completely and filled his 
heart up with warmth. 
After applying the ointment, Roxanne made sure that Estella was still fast asleep before getting up. “It’s 
done.” 
Her gaze met Lucian’s the moment she turned around, and the two of them locked eyes in silence for a 
few seconds. 
Eventually, Lucian snapped out of it and said with a nod, “Thanks.” 
Roxanne then closed the door behind her and walked him downstairs. 
After giving him a brief summary of Estella’s condition, Roxanne tried to end the conversation when 
she saw that it was quite late. “It’s getting late, so you should head back and get some rest. Don’t 
worry; I’ll take good care of Essie.” 
Lucian nodded and got up from the couch. “I’ve spoken to the person in charge of the kindergarten. If 
you don’t mind what happened before, you may let Archie and Benny continue studying there.” 
Roxanne agreed to it immediately. “I will. Also, I think Essie should study there and hang out with the 
other kids too.” 
Having her return to an environment that she’s familiar with might just help improve her condition. 
She then anxiously waited for Lucian’s response as his permission was necessary for that to happen. 
Roxanne had assumed that Lucian would at least ask her for a reason, but he simply went silent for a
few seconds before saying, “Okay, just go ahead and do as you wish. There’s no need to inform me 
about it.” 
As Roxanne was Estella’s biological mother, she had every right to make such decisions on her behalf. 
Huh? Isn’t Lucian trusting me a little too much? On second thought, maybe it’s just because he loves 
Essie deeply. He knows that Essie has taken a liking to me, so he’s placing her fully in my care. 
With that in mind, Roxanne replied with a nod, “Okay.” 
Lucian said nothing further and left after that. 
The next morning, Roxanne woke the three kids up early in the morning and got them ready for 
kindergarten. 
They were about to leave the mansion when they saw Lucian standing at the door. 
“Please, allow me to help with sending the kids to school. It’s the least I can do after placing Essie in 
your care.” 
Roxanne, Archie, and Benny froze upon hearing that. 
The two kids then turned to look at Roxanne and waited for her answer. 
Roxanne glanced at Estella, who was still holding on to the hem of her shirt, and accepted his offer 
after a brief moment of hesitation. 
The four of them got into the car and took the same seats as the night before. 
While Lucian was driving, Archie kept stealing glances at him with a conflicted look in his eyes. 
He felt that he should be hating Lucian for abandoning Roxanne and bullying them, but he just couldn’t 
bring himself to do so. 
Roxanne was the only one talking to Estella along the way. Everyone else simply kept quiet throughout 
the entire drive.
###Chapter 128
Chapter 128
Chapter 128 Make Sure No One Bullies Her The teacher at the kindergarten felt both happy and awkward when all five of them showed up together. 
“Ms. Jarvis…” 
Although it was Aubree who demanded the expulsion of Archie and Benny, Pippa still felt bad about it 
and wanted to apologize. 
“Looks like I’ll be placing Archie and Benny in your care again!” Roxanne cut her off with a smile. 
Pippa nodded profusely. “Of course! They are both very obedient children, so taking care of them is 
truly a pleasure!” 
Roxanne nodded. “Also, Essie seems to be acting a little strange lately. She doesn’t really talk to 
people much, so please keep a close eye on her.” 
Fearing that Estella would feel hurt if she heard about her autism, Roxanne chose to not mention it 
directly. 
Pippa nodded and reassured her that she would take good care of them. 
Archie and Benny too, each held one of Estella’s hands as they said, “We’ll help look after Essie too! 
We won’t let anyone bully her!” 
Roxanne simply patted them on the head with a smile. 
Pippa was preparing to bring the kids inside for class when she saw Roxanne still standing there with 
Lucian behind her. 
His icy-cold gaze sent a shiver down her spine. “I-Is there anything else I can help you two with?” 
“I’m just a little worried about them. Would it be okay if I watch them for a bit while you teach?” 
Roxanne said with a smile. 
Pippa didn’t dare say no with Lucian around, so she had no choice but to let them into the classroom 
as well. 
Roxanne sat down in a corner and felt a strange sensation deep down inside when Lucian sat down 
beside her, but decided to keep her feelings to herself. 
Just like that, the two of them sat there in a corner and watched the kids play games in class. 
In order to help improve Estella’s mood, Pippa even arranged for her to be in the middle of the group. 
With Archie and Benny acting as examples, the other kids took turns interacting with her as well. 
However, Estella simply kept her head low and showed no response whatsoever. 
It didn’t take long before her behavior started to affect the mood of the other kids as well, much to 
Roxanne’s dismay. 
She had assumed that having Estella return to a familiar environment would help with her emotions 
somewhat, but it didn’t seem to work at all. 
Although Estella still didn’t respond much, she seemed to have grown attached to Archie and Benny 
after a few games. Not only did she follow them around all the time, but she would also show some 
response whenever they played with her. 
Roxanne was still a little worried even after observing them for about an hour, but it was time for her to 
head over to the research institute. 
Lucian too, left shortly after she excused herself. 
After spending an entire afternoon at the research institute, Roxanne saw that it was time to pick up the 
kids from kindergarten and quickly rushed over. 
To her surprise, Lucian was already waiting there by the time she arrived. 
Oh? Looks like he’s planning on sending the kids to and back from kindergarten… 
With that in mind, Roxanne greeted him and waited for Pippa to bring the kids out the door. 
It wasn’t long before class was over, and the kids walked through the door in a straight line. 
Archie and Benny could be seen escorting Estella on both sides as they came out. 
After the five of them got into Lucian’s car, Benny kept tugging at Roxanne’s sleeve with a huge smile 
on his face. 
Unsure of why he was grinning from ear to ear, Roxanne flashed him a confused look in response. 
“Essie seemed to have a bad dream after waking up from our afternoon nap today! She kept crying 
even though Ms. Ward and the other kids tried to comfort her. In the end, Archie and I were the ones 
who calmed her down! Do you think she knows us, Mommy?”
###Chapter 129
Chapter 129
Chapter 129 Are You Injured 
Roxanne had felt the same way earlier that morning, so hearing about it filled her heart with a warm 
sensation. “Maybe. I’m really glad that you two are able to look after Essie.” 
Benny patted himself on the chest confidently as he said in his childish voice, “Don’t worry, Mommy! 
Archie and I will continue to keep Essie safe!” 
Roxanne couldn’t help but giggle when she heard that. 
Lucian glanced at them through the rear-view mirror when he heard Benny’s promise and Roxanne’s 
laughter. A hint of tenderness formed in his eyes when he saw the heartwarming moment they were 
having. 
She sure has raised those boys well. They’re so much more mature than the other kids around their 
age. 
Lucian was planning on leaving after dropping them off at the house as he had seen for himself how 
well Roxanne took care of Estella. On top of that, Archie and Benny were treating Estella like their own 
sister too, so there was no reason for him to stay and make them feel uncomfortable. 
While getting out of the car, Roxanne glanced at Estella and said after a brief moment of hesitation, 
“How about you join us for dinner? I’m sure Essie would have a much better time with you around.” 
Lucian gave her a strange look and paused briefly before replying, “Thanks, I’ll take you up on your 
offer.” 
Roxanne kept quiet and led the kids inside while Lucian followed behind after parking the car. 
Upon entering the kitchen, she quickly washed her hands and started making dinner. Archie and Benny 
led Estella into the living room and played with their Lego set to kill time. 
Lucian was a little hesitant at first, but decided to stand next to them and help out when needed. 
With the two boys working closely together, the scattered Lego pieces were soon transformed into a 
complete unit. 
When it came to attaching the final piece, Archie glanced at Lucian with a hesitant look in his eyes. 
Lucian then held his hand out, prompting Archie to place the Lego piece in his palm. The boy pursed
his lips and lowered his head wordlessly as he watched Lucian attach the final piece. 
Estella, who was watching Lucian attach the Lego pieces together, reached out to grab a Lego piece all 
of a sudden. 
Both Archie and Benny’s eyes lit up with excitement when they saw that. 
After a brief pause, Estella began assembling the Lego pieces herself at a pace similar to theirs. 
Thinking that Estella had recalled playing Lego with them in the past, Archie and Benny exchanged 
joyful glances. 
Lucian froze in shock when he saw that, only to have a warm smile spread across his face seconds 
later. 
Looks like Essie really likes their company, huh? 
Seeing as they were all focused on playing with the Lego set, Roxanne chose not to disturb them and 
proceeded to serve up dinner. 
She had just stepped out of the kitchen when her elbow bumped into the door frame, causing her to 
drop the bowl of soup onto the floor. 
Everyone in the living room turned around in unison upon hearing the noise. 
Naturally, Lucian was the first to respond. “Are you injured?” he asked while running toward her. 
As he took a closer look at her, he noticed a red spot on the fair skin of her forearm. 
Before she could even respond, Lucian cautiously grabbed an uninjured part of her arm and led her 
toward the sink, holding it under running water. 
Although Archie and Benny were worried about her, they knew they were unable to help with her 
wound, so they decided to clean up the floor instead. 
“Don’t touch it, you guys! You could get scalded by the hot soup! Get Essie away from here!” Roxanne 
called out to them when she saw what they were doing. 
Archie and Benny hesitated for a bit, but did as told and prepared to lead Estella out of there. 
However, Estella stubbornly refused to leave and struggled to remain where she stood. 
Unsure of what to do, Archie and Benny were about to ask Roxanne for help when they heard a 
sobbing noise beside them. 
Everyone paused and turned toward Estella in shock, only to see tears flowing from her reddened 
eyes.
###Chapter 130
Chapter 130
Chapter 130 Estella Recovered 
Archie and Benny were stunned when they saw tears running down Estella’s cheeks. They did not 
know if they should console her or not. 
After all, it seemed like she was crying because their mother was hurt. In a way, she was responding to 
the outside world. It was great news for them. 
However, their hearts broke at the sight of Estella’s watery eyes. They then turned to seek help from 
their mother, but the next thing they saw was their mother, frowning in pain as she washed her wound. 
At that, Archie and Benny calmed down. Their eyes continued to flit between their mother and Estella, 
nevertheless. 
A while later, Lucian grabbed Roxanne’s arm and pulled it away from the running water. 
Roxanne lowered her eyes to look at the site of the wound. Although it was still red, it did not hurt as 
much anymore. 
When Lucian noticed her action, he frowned as concern seeped into his eyes. He asked, “What’s the 
matter? Does it still hurt a lot?” 
Roxanne tensed up for a second but shook her head. “I’m feeling much better. I’ll treat the wound, and 
it should be fine after that.” 
With that, she shook off Lucian’s hand and walked toward the door. 
Just as she turned around, she saw the helpless gazes of her two sons. 
Roxanne turned in the direction they were looking, only to see Estella sobbing miserably. Her small 
body was shaking, but no sound was coming from her. 
It was the first time Roxanne had ever seen her cry after her autism diagnosis. Moreover, it seemed like 
the little girl was extremely upset, so she could not help but feel worried. “Why are you crying? Were 
you frightened?” 
As she spoke, she crouched down in front of Estella and raised her hand, about to wipe the girl’s tears 
away. 
However, Estella leaped into her arms as she continued sobbing, her eyes fixed on Roxanne’s injured
arm. 
Roxanne was taken aback by how the girl had launched herself into her arms, but after the shock came 
delight. 
It was the same action as before. In the past, Estella would jump into Roxanne’s arms whenever she 
saw the latter. 
Although the girl was crying, at the very least, she was reacting to her surroundings. 
At that thought, Roxanne lifted her uninjured arm and gently hugged the girl to her. At the same time, 
she tentatively asked, “Essie, have you recovered? Do you know who I am now?” 
The girl gave her a slight nod, but she continued to sniffle. 
At that, Archie’s and Benny’s eyes lit up. They then walked over to Estella and pointed at themselves. 
“Then do you know who we are?” 
However, Estella’s gaze was fixed on Roxanne’s injured arm; she did not look at them at all. 
The boys were disappointed. 
Sensing their emotions, Roxanne raised her hand to ruffle Estella’s hair and softly said, “The boys are 
here too. Do you see them? They’ve been taking care of you the past two days.” 
It was then Estella slowly lifted her head out from Roxanne’s embrace and glanced at the two boys in 
front of her. She then gave a small incline of her head before turning to look at Roxanne again. 
“Mommy, she sees that you’re hurt, and she’s worried about you,” Archie explained. 
Hearing that, Roxanne could not help but freeze. She then looked at the spot Estella was looking at 
and realized that, indeed, the girl was staring at her injured arm. 
Upon the revelation, Roxanne’s heart softened. She thought that they would have to put in much more 
time and effort to have Estella recover. Yet, the girl had walked out of her own world just because 
Roxanne was hurt. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry about me.” Roxanne showed her arm to Estella by lifting it. 
After staring at it for a few seconds, Estella then carefully blew on the wound. 
The smile on Roxanne’s face turned even more tender. She patted the girl’s head and said, “Thank 
you, Essie. It doesn’t hurt anymore.” 
Finally, Estella’s sobbing eased a little. 
“I’m a doctor, and I’m pretty good at my job. This wound is nothing. It’ll recover quickly once I treat it. 
Why don’t you come with me?” Roxanne stood up. 
At that, the girl nodded fervently and grabbed the hem of Roxanne’s shirt before following her out.
###Chapter 131
Chapter 131
Chapter 131 Something Happening To Mommy 
Roxanne led the girl to the living room’s couch. The two boys soon brought her the medical kit before 
sitting at the side, waiting to watch Roxanne treat her wound. 
Roxanne accepted the kit from the boys and thanked them. Just as she took out the burn cream, she 
realized that she had hurt her dominant arm—her right arm. It would be tough for her to use her left 
hand. 
“Mommy, let me help you out!” Archie kindly volunteered as he reached out toward her, hoping to help 
her out. 
It was inconvenient for Roxanne to do it herself, so she bobbed her head in response. Right as she 
was about to hand Archie the burn cream, a large hand intercepted them and took the tube away. 
Both Roxanne and Archie turned toward the owner of the hand. 
“Let me.” Lucian’s brows were slightly knitted as the man crouched in front of Roxanne. 
Archie pursed his lips and pushed Benny. The two then shifted a little more to the side to let Lucian 
take a seat beside their mother. 
When the man gently held her hand in his, something flashed past Roxanne’s eyes. She then lowered 
her gaze and muttered, “Sorry to trouble you.” 
Lucian’s frown only deepened at her courteous response; he did not say anything else. 
In the meantime, Estella was holding onto Roxanne’s shirt tightly as she stared at her father’s hands. It 
was as if she was fearful that Roxanne would feel pain. 
Sensing the girl’s nervousness, Roxanne looked at her and gave her a reassuring smile. “It doesn’t hurt 
at all.” 
Estella’s eyes glinted, but she continued to fix her gaze on the woman’s hand. 
Archie was seated right beside Lucian. Although he was wracked with worry for his mother, he never 
spoke. 
On the other hand, Benny cocked his head to the side as he stared at his mother’s hand. He then said, 
“It looks serious. Will blisters form? Mommy’s a doctor, and her hands are important to her. We can’t let
anything happen to her. 
A laugh escaped Roxanne when she heard the boy’s worries. “It’ll be fine. Don’t you know that I’m a 
great doctor? This cream is something I’ve specially picked. It’s useful for burns. I used to apply this 
whenever you two got burns when you were younger.” 
At that, Benny dipped his head in response. A few seconds of silence later, he nervously asked again, 
“Will it leave a scar? Mommy’s arms are pretty. Please don’t let it leave a scar!” 
Roxanne shook her head. “It won’t. Don’t worry.” 
She was speaking to the boy, but still, she could not bring herself to ignore the man beside her. 
It was only mere minutes, but it felt as if centuries had passed. 
“It should be fine now. Take a look,” came the man’s magnetic voice by her ear. 
After a quick glimpse at her arm, she looked away and retracted it. “It’s all right now. Thank you.” 
Lucian’s hand froze in midair. He then slowly pulled it back and quietly rose to his feet. 
Estella tugged on Roxanne’s shirt, and that brought the woman back to her senses. She then showed 
the girl her treated arm. 
Estella stared intently at it for a while before raising her head and giving Roxanne a smile. 
Roxanne’s heart lurched when she saw Estella smiling at her. Nervously, she looked at the girl and 
said, “Are you at ease now that I’ve treated my wound?” 
She wanted to find out if the girl really had recovered or not. 
In the next second, she saw Estella smiling and nodding her head. There was even a little dimple by 
the corners of her lips. 
“Mommy, Essie’s smiling!” Benny excitedly leaped out of the couch. 
Roxanne saw it as well, but she was so thrilled she had no idea how to respond to it. 
By the time she recollected herself, tears were welling up in her eyes. As she hugged Estella, she said, 
“I’m glad that you’re getting better. Don’t scare me that way anymore, okay? The boys are going to go 
back to kindergarten. They’ll play with you next time. You have to tell us if you encounter any trouble 
next time, okay?” 
Estella bobbed her head in agreement as she let Roxanne hug her.
###Chapter 132
Chapter 132
Chapter 132 Let Us Take Care Of You 
Warmth seeped into Roxanne’s heart at the girl’s reply. Her eyes were red-rimmed, but a smile was on 
her face. 
At the sight of the two, even Lucian’s heart was melting. He had to take in a deep breath before 
uttering, “Let’s eat first.” 
It was then Roxanne let go of the girl and blinked away her tears. With a smile, she said, “Yes, let’s eat 
first.” 
Then, recalling the mess in the kitchen, she stood up and walked toward the kitchen to clean up. 
Realizing what she was going to do, Lucian said, “I’ve asked Catalina to come. She’ll be taking care of 
you all for the next two days, so sit down and eat first.” 
Roxanne halted in her tracks before turning to thank the man, “Thank you.” 
She was not going to act like she was a stranger to Lucian because of Estella, so she was not going to 
turn him down on his offer. 
Lucian nodded. 
Roxanne turned to the boys. “Come on. You must be hungry too. Dig in while the food is still hot.” 
It was true that the boys were starving. Upon hearing her words, they jumped down from the couch and 
walked toward the dining table in a line. 
Roxanne was squeezed between them. Habitually, she tried to take care of them by taking food for 
them. However, she only recalled her injury right after she raised her hand. Thus, she had no choice 
but to use her left hand, but her movements were clumsy because of that. 
At the sight of the slowness of their mother’s actions, Archie and Benny said to Roxanne, “Mommy, you 
don’t need to take care of us. Let us take care of you instead!” 
With that said, they both stood up to take the food that Roxanne liked for her. 
A tender look appeared in Roxanne’s eyes as she watched the sensible boys work away. Touched, she 
then said, “Thank you, my darlings.” 
When Estella saw the boys bring food for Roxanne, she, too, mimicked them and took a little of her
favorite food for Roxanne. 
Once she put the food on Roxanne’s plate, she stared at Roxanne with bright eyes, enthusiastically 
waiting for the woman to eat it. 
At that, Roxanne lifted the food into her mouth. Smiling, she patted Estella’s head and said, “Thank 
you, Essie. It’s delicious!” 
Hearing that, Estella beamed, and she began giving Roxanne more food. 
For a moment, the three children kept putting more and more food onto Roxanne’s plate as if it was a 
competition. 
Roxanne was starting to feel too full, but when she thought about how that was the children’s kind 
gestures, she forced herself to slowly polish off her plate. 
“That’s enough. Kids, focus on your own food instead,” Lucian intervened, unsure if he should laugh or 
sigh at the scene. 
He did not know if he should praise them for being sensible or chide Roxanne for being too soft- 
hearted. 
Roxanne could barely straighten her back from the overeating by then. Thus, when she heard his 
intervention, she lifted her head to cast him a grateful look. 
Fortunately, the children did not dare to go against Lucian’s words, so the food on Roxanne’s plate did 
not increase further. 
After dinner, Catalina arrived. 
Roxanne helped tidy up the table a little, and just as she was about to offer more help, Catalina 
convinced her to stop. “Ms. Jarvis, you’re still injured, so do head out to keep the children company 
instead.” 
Roxanne had no choice but to agree to that. She then stepped out to the living room to seek out the 
children. 
Just as she entered the living room, she spotted Estella and Lucian standing by the doorway. The man 
had already put on his jacket, and it seemed like he was ready to leave. 
Roxanne walked over in puzzlement. 
“Daddy’s leaving first. Stay with Ms. Jarvis and the boys. Be good, and don’t trouble Ms. Jarvis. 
Catalina will be taking care of you for the next few days here,” Lucian said to Estella in a gentle tone. 
Estella bobbed her head obediently. 
Even though she was reluctant to let her father leave, she quite liked living in Roxanne’s place. 
When Lucian saw Roxanne walking over, he straightened up and looked at her. “Something has 
cropped up at my company, so I have to leave first. Essie’s just recovered, and her condition is still a 
little unstable. I was thinking of having her live with you for two more days. Catalina will be here to take 
care of her. If this troubles you, you can ask Catalina to bring her back after she’s done cleaning up the 
table.” 
Roxanne stood transfixed for a moment before she patted the girl’s head. “It’s all right. Let her stay 
here.”
###Chapter 133
Chapter 133
Chapter 133 Mother Of Estella 
That night, after Roxanne asked Archie and Benny to head to bed, she went back to the room to take 
care of Estella. 
Once Catalina learned that Estella had recovered, she stuck to the girl’s side like glue. 
In fact, the two women even showered Estella together. 
Catalina’s heart ached when she saw the bruise on Estella’s bottom. Instantly, she could not help but 
complain, “Who did this? Ms. Estella has always been in poor health, and Mr. Farwell can’t even bring 
himself to be stern with her…” 
Hearing that, Estella blinked at Catalina. Nevertheless, when she thought about Aubree’s warning, she 
clamped her mouth shut. 
All of a sudden, Roxanne recalled what Lucian had said back at the haunted house. 
The mystery of Estella’s mother’s identity kept swirling in her head. 
Upon thinking about how Catalina had been working in the Farwell residence for all those years and 
about how she might know something, Roxanne asked in a nonchalant tone, “Catalina, why didn’t 
Essie’s mother come and visit her despite how bad her episode was? Did some other emergency 
happen?” 
Hearing that, Catalina visibly stiffened before looking at Roxanne in shock. 
She thought Roxanne had known that Estella was her child all along. After all, she gave birth to Estella. 
That was why the question startled her that much. 
Ms. Jarvis is subtly asking me who’s Essie’s biological mother? How am I supposed to answer that? 
A moment of hesitation later, Catalina asked, “Did… Mr. Farwell not talk to you about this before?” 
Roxanne thought that her response was strange, but she could not fathom why. Hence, she replied, 
“He only told me that Essie’s biological mother isn’t Aubree.” 
So Mr. Farwell knows about this as well, but he didn’t tell Ms. Jarvis about it. 
Catalina came to a conclusion at that. She then smiled at Roxanne and said, “Did you think that it was 
Ms. Pearson all along? Ms. Estella looks nothing like her. I’m not sure why you thought that.” 
Roxanne chuckled. “Then can you tell me who’s Essie’s biological mother?” 
Catalina shook her head. “This is Mr. Farwell’s personal matter. I wouldn’t dare to tell anyone about it. 
It’s best for you to wait until Mr. Farwell tells you about it himself.” 
With that said, Catalina threw herself back into her work. She dared not continue the topic any longer, 
for she was afraid that she might let something slip. 
When Roxanne noticed how Catalina was avoiding the topic, she stopped prodding for more 
information. 
Still, a trace of suspicion lingered in her mind. 
After all, she had seen for herself how obsessed Lucian was with Aubree all those years ago. 
In fact, the man had even declared that Aubree was the only one worthy of being his wife. 
How did he end up having a child with another woman then? What kind of feelings does he have 
toward Aubree? Could it be that their feelings for each other are fading after six years? 
Roxanne simply could not seem to find an answer no matter how hard she tried. Instead, she only 
made herself frustrated. 
After bathing Estella, Roxanne brought the girl to bed. Even then, she continued to wonder about the 
subject. 
It seemed like Estella could see that Roxanne had something on her mind, for the girl buried herself 
into Roxanne’s arms slowly before looking at the woman with big, concerned eyes. 
As Roxanne looked at the girl’s clear eyes, she recollected herself and hugged her. 
Her heart melted when her arms wrapped around the small and soft body. At the same time, she found 
herself letting go of the niggling question. 
The identity of Estella’s biological mother and the current relationship between Lucian and Aubree had 
nothing to do with her at all. 
She and Lucian should have been strangers. They were only interacting because of Estella. That was 
all. 
Overthinking things would only make her feel even more frustrated.
###Chapter 134
Chapter 134
Chapter 134 To Not Be With Him 
In the meantime, at the Farwell residence, Sonya and Elias were about to rest. When they heard the 
sudden ringing of the doorbell, they hastily opened the door. 
Instantly, they were greeted by the apologetic faces of Samuel and Gina. Aubree was behind them, her 
eyes red. 
“What happened?” Sonya asked in confusion when she registered the trio’s expressions. 
Gina turned to shoot Aubree a glare. 
Aubree’s eyes were bloodshot, and remorse was written all over her face. Even her voice was a little 
hoarse as she said, “Mrs. Farwell, I’ve come to apologize.” 
Sonya became even more puzzled by that response. She then led the three to the couch and had the 
maid pour them cups of tea before asking, “What happened? Why are you apologizing to me?” 
Aubree kept her head low, not daring to look at Sonya at all. “You convinced Essie to get into my car 
yesterday morning, so I thought she’d be quiet while I bring her to the kindergarten. However, she 
began kicking up a fuss and insisting on getting down from the car midway. She even tried to open the 
door despite how dangerous it was. I tried to stop her, but she refused to listen to me. In the end, I got 
too anxious and hit her a few times after I stopped the car.” 
The moment Sonya and Elias heard that Sonya had laid a finger on Estella, their expressions 
darkened. 
Aubree continued in a miserable tone, “I really didn’t mean it. I know it’s my fault; I shouldn’t have done 
anything to a kid. Estella’s so cute, and she’s your precious princess. Even now, I feel like slapping 
myself for having done that. If only I was more patient at that time.” 
At the sight of her remorseful demeanor, Sonya’s dark expression lightened up a little. “If you know that 
you’ve done wrong, you should know that it’s pointless to come to us. You should be apologizing to 
Essie instead. You can’t do this anymore in the future.” 
A conflicted look crossed Aubree’s face. “Mrs. Farwell, that’s what I thought too, but Lucian found out 
about this matter. He’s furious…” 
“It’s normal for him to be mad. Have a good talk with him.” A line appeared between Sonya’s brows. 
She felt that Lucian had gone a little overboard with his response. 
Just as she said that, she saw Aubree turn even paler. 
“I don’t mind doing anything as long as Lucian forgives me, but…” the younger woman trailed off. 
Gina, who was beside her, then said, “Sonya, you have no idea how severe things are. Lucian’s 
absolutely livid. It was as if he had lost his mind last night. He even attacked Aubree. Look.” 
She then lifted Aubree’s hair from behind her back to show Sonya the mark on Aubree’s neck. 
Both Sonya and Elias froze when they saw the bruise on Aubree’s neck. They never thought that 
Lucian would be so rough with her. 
Once they recomposed themselves, Sonya asked, “How’s… your bruise? Is it bad?” 
Aubree pursed her lips and shook her head. “It’s nothing. As long as Lucian forgives me, this injury is 
nothing.” 
The upset Sonya felt toward Aubree withered quite a bit when she saw the regretful look and bad 
bruise that Aubree had. 
After all, they had witnessed with their own two eyes what Aubree had done all those years. 
Furthermore, it was true that Estella was rather aloof and stubborn. It would be quite challenging for 
outsiders to take care of her. 
Therefore, Sonya could understand why Aubree had hit Estella. 
“Lucian’s just caught up in his anger. I apologize to you on behalf of him. Don’t take this incident to 
heart,” Sonya apologized to Aubree. 
However, tears fell from Aubree’s eyes. “I’m fine, but… I might not be able to be with Lucian anymore. I 
can’t even take care of Essie. I’ve betrayed the trust you’ve given to me. If Lucian chooses Roxanne, I’ll 
definitely give them my blessings.”
###Chapter 135
Chapter 135
Chapter 135 Not Letting Her Into The Family 
At that, Sonya frowned. “Aubree, what are you talking about? It’s impossible for Lucian to be with 
Roxanne anymore. I’ve asked him about this before, and he told me that he’s not thinking of getting 
back together with her, so don’t overthink it.” 
Still, Aubree continued to sob. “But Essie is with Roxanne all day long now. In fact, she’s living at 
Roxanne’s place. Essie likes her so much. If Lucian isn’t planning to be with her anymore, why would 
he have her take care of Essie?” 
Although Lucian had berated her about it, she still kept sending people to spy on Roxanne. 
The moment she found out that Estella was staying at Roxanne’s place, Aubree panicked. That was 
why she told her parents everything. After getting scolded by them, she was then brought over to 
apologize to Sonya and Elias. 
Then, when she heard Sonya forgiving her, she could not help but complain to her. 
Sonya never thought that Lucian would let that woman take care of Estella. She instantly fumed, “This 
is ridiculous! Who told him to do this?” 
Then, she forced her anger aside and consoled Aubree. “Don’t worry. There’s no way they’ll be 
together again. Even if Lucian wants to do that, I won’t let that woman come back here!” 
Aubree shifted her doe eyes to Sonya to make sure that Sonya was serious about her words. 
Sonya uttered grimly, “That woman gave up on Essie herself back then. There’s no way I’m going to let 
her take care of Essie again!” 
A tiny sliver of confidence finally crept into Aubree’s heart at her promise. 
The few of them then chatted for a while longer before Gina led Aubree away. 
They had gotten Sonya’s promise, so they had achieved what they had come for. 
All that was needed was a few drops of tears from Aubree. Not only did Sonya not blame her for hitting 
the child, but she even felt that she had wronged Aubree. In addition to that, she even promised not to 
let Roxanne into the family. 
In other words, they had hit two birds with one stone. 
Sonya could not sleep almost the entire night because of Aubree’s words. 
Consoling Aubree was not the only reason she had told Aubree that she was not going to let Roxanne 
into the family. It was also because she genuinely hated that ruthless woman. 
That ruthless woman was capable of abandoning Lucian and Estella once, so Sonya was sure that she 
would do it again. 
I have no idea what my son’s thinking about. I can’t believe he’s actually thinking of having her marry 
into the family again. 
The more Sonya thought about it, the angrier she became. That night, she sent men to find out where 
Roxanne was living, planning to visit her the next day. 
By the time Roxanne woke the next morning, Catalina had already made breakfast. Just as she was 
eating breakfast with the three children, someone rang the doorbell. 
Roxanne then asked Catalina to take care of the children as she went to open the door. 
Originally, she thought that Lucian had come to pick them up for kindergarten, but she was 
dumbfounded by the person outside upon opening the door. 
“What’s the matter? Do you not recognize me anymore?” Sonya was dressed to her nines by the 
doorway. The older woman looked at Roxanne from head to toe coldly before her eyes flicked to the 
inside of the house, wanting to find out if Estella really was at Roxanne’s place. 
Roxanne snapped back to her senses. Although she did not know why Sonya was there, she knew that 
the other woman must not have come for a friendly visit. She was wary, but she still politely greeted, 
“Mrs. Farwell.” 
Sonya inclined her head a little before shooting her a displeased glare. “Is this the manners you have? 
You let your guests stand by the doorway?” 
Roxanne knitted her brows and forced down the rising emotions in her as she stepped aside. “Please 
come in.”
###Chapter 136
Chapter 136
Chapter 136 Give Up 
Roxanne watched her sit down on the couch before she turned to close the door. After taking a seat on 
the armchair, she looked the older woman in the eyes and said, “Mrs. Farwell, may I know what’s the 
reason for your early visit?” 
Sonya did not beat about the bush at all. “I’ve come to tell you to stay away from Lucian. Also, don’t 
you try winning over Essie. She has nothing to do with you. You were the one who chose to get a 
divorce and leave without telling anyone, so you don’t have the right to come back now.” 
Hearing that, Roxanne nearly scoffed. She flatly replied, “Don’t worry. I never thought of coming back 
when I chose to leave back then.” 
“Is that so?” Sonya sneered. “Then explain why you met Lucian. Also, why is Essie here with you?” 
Sonya then stared at Roxanne contemptuously. 
She said she’s not coming back, but everything she’s doing is to curry favor with them. What a liar! 
Roxanne’s brows drew together as she changed into a more aggressive demeanor. “I think you’ve 
misunderstood something. It’s but a coincidence that I met Lucian. Lucian had gone to meet Old Mr. 
Queen when I was treating him. Also, Essie is going to the same kindergarten as my children. They’re 
friends, so she often comes to play with them.” 
Roxanne did not tell her about how Estella had been clingy to her when she was sick. 
With how hostile Sonya was to her, Roxanne was sure that she would assume that Roxanne was 
deluding herself. 
Yet, unexpectedly, despite Roxanne clarifying everything and doing her best to draw the line between 
her and Lucian and his daughter, Sonya still refused to let her go. 
“How can something so coincidental happen? It shouldn’t be tricky for you to check the kindergarten 
with the status you now have. Why did you end up picking the one the Farwell family is investing in?” 
Sonya questioned. 
For a moment, Roxanne did not know how to explain it to Sonya. 
Madilyn was the one who had recommended the kindergarten to her. Naturally, she would not think
about looking into the kindergarten. 
If she had done an investigation, she would not have sent her two sons there in the first place. 
When Sonya heard nothing from Roxanne, she assumed that Roxanne was feeling too guilty to answer 
her. Thus, she scoffed and said, “Regardless of what kind of plan you have, I’m not going to let you join 
the family again. Give up!” 
Roxanne nodded. “Don’t worry. I’ve never thought of going back there.” 
“I hope you’ll remember what you’ve said,” Sonya warned. 
Just then, the three children were done with their breakfast. When they came out, they saw Sonya. 
Archie and Benny were confused, but they could sense the hostile attitude that Sonya had toward their 
mother. Thus, they ran over to Roxanne, wanting to protect her. 
On the other hand, Estella recognized her grandmother and ran toward Sonya. She then looked at her 
grandmother with wide eyes, perplexed. 
Sonya ruffled her granddaughter’s hair when she saw Estella. “Essie, be good and come home with 
Grandma, okay?” 
Hearing that, Estella shook her head without hesitation. She then turned around, ready to return to 
Roxanne’s side. 
Sonya could see what she wanted to do, so she instantly shot out her hand to grab Estella’s arm. 
Estella thrashed, but she could not struggle out of her grandmother’s grip. Within seconds, her face 
was red with anxiety. 
“Be good and come home with me!” Sonya’s tone was getting sterner and sterner by the second, and 
subconsciously, she gripped the girl tighter. 
Estella could feel the pain, but she did not want to leave Roxanne. The corners of her lips turned 
downward, and she began crying silently on the spot. 
It was only then Sonya realized that she seemed to have responded too harshly. Frowning, she let go 
of the girl, but Estella never stopped crying.
###Chapter 137
Chapter 137
Chapter 137 End Up Just Like Them 
When Catalina saw Estella sobbing her eyes out, she quickly stepped forward and said, “Mrs. Farwell, 
Ms. Estella had an episode again, and Ms. Pearson hit her. Her condition has only started improving 
today and hasn’t stabilized yet. Please don’t scare her.” 
Catalina had mulled over the incident the night before, and she could mostly guess who had hit Estella. 
To convince Sonya to stop, she had no choice but to steel herself and tell the other woman her 
speculation. 
However, Sonya seemed unfazed by that. “Sonya has told me about this already. Essie was the one 
who had not been obedient, and Aubree only punished her in that way in her panic. She has already 
apologized to me. Essie is at fault too. Aubree will be her stepmother in the future, but she’s still kicking 
up fusses like these.” 
Hearing that, Catalina realized she could not say anything else. All she could do was cast a pitying look 
at Estella. 
The girl had just walked out of her own world recently. After this crying session, Catalina was afraid that 
she might revert to her state from the day before. 
After Archie and Benny heard their conversation, they guessed that the unfamiliar woman was Estella’s 
grandmother. Nevertheless, they did not hold themselves back as they refuted, “Essie didn’t kick up a 
fuss. That bad woman is in the wrong to have hurt a kid! Why would you listen to an outsider and scold 
Essie? She’s been badly hit, but you don’t feel upset for her at all? If not for my mommy’s care, Essie 
might not have recovered by now!” 
Sonya was disgruntled with the way the children were chiding her. “What do you know? Children 
shouldn’t be intervening in the business of adults!” 
With that said, she grabbed Estella’s arm again. “Look at them. They’re completely uncultured. If you 
keep staying here, you’re going to be just like them. Come home with me right now!” 
Estella remained rooted to the spot, but her arm ached from Sonya’s pull. Tears kept rolling down her 
cheeks as resistance shone brightly in her eyes. 
Roxanne had decided not to intervene in Estella’s matters after the earlier conversation, but she was 
reminded of how the girl was like the day before at the sight of her tears. Hence, she drew her brows 
together and said, “Mrs. Farwell, I’ve heard that you dote on Essie a lot, but is this the way you dote on 
her? Essie’s crying, but you won’t even heed what she wants?” 
Sonya gave her a side-eye. “Who knows how you’ve bewitched my granddaughter?” 
Just as the two were at a stand-still, someone rang the doorbell again. 
Knowing that it must be their father, Archie dashed to the door to open it. 
Lucian froze for a second when he saw the boy. Then, he noticed the tinge of anger on the boy’s face. 
When he lifted his head to look straight ahead, he saw his mother grabbing Estella’s arm tightly and 
Estella sobbing in utmost distress in the living room. 
At that, Lucian frowned and strode over to pry his mother’s hand away. “What are you doing?” 
Sonya’s scowl deepened. “If I had come any later, my granddaughter was going to be someone else’s 
granddaughter.” 
She then shot her son a discontented look. 
She could not believe that he had not told her that an outsider was taking care of her granddaughter, let 
alone the fact that the outsider was Roxanne. 
Lucian’s eyes then flicked toward Roxanne, who had a similar cold look on her face. 
The tension in the living room was palpable. 
Finally, Lucian looked back at his mother and uttered, “Let’s have a talk.” 
Right as he said that, he turned and exited the mansion. 
Sonya stared at her son’s retreating figure dubiously and hesitantly for a few seconds before she 
followed him out. 
Just as she stepped out of the house, she said to her son, “Let me tell you now that, no matter what 
you say to me, I’m still going to take Essie away from here with me!”
###Chapter 138
Chapter 138
Chapter 138 You Have Gone Overboard 
Upon hearing his mother’s words, Lucian gave her a noncommittal nod. 
Assuming that he had agreed, Sonya turned around and prepared to take Estella with her. However, 
Lucian’s voice suddenly rang out. 
“You might not be aware of how Essie was over the last two days.” 
His words caused her to stop abruptly. Although she had heard from Catalina about Estella’s autistic 
episode over the last two days, she wasn’t aware of how serious it was. 
“Essie’s episode this time was more intense than the last. Even James had no solution for it. Only 
when she’s with Roxanne does she behave like a normal child. Furthermore, Roxanne has even 
managed to get her to talk the other day. Do you know how significant this is compared to the past?” 
Lucian questioned with a deep voice. 
Essie has talked? 
Sonya was filled with shock, as she had mentally prepared herself for Estella to remain mute her entire 
life. 
I can’t believe that woman managed to get her to speak! 
When he saw the astonishment on Sonya’s face, Lucian pursed his lips. “I was equally surprised, but 
there’s no denying it. In fact, Essie refuses to leave Roxanne’s side despite not even knowing the latter 
is her mother. Even if you refuse to admit it, there’s no way you can erase the instinctive bond between 
them.” 
Sonya knitted her brows in displeasure. She knew that Lucian was right despite her unwillingness to 
accept the truth. 
At that moment, she couldn’t find the words to rebut him. 
“Mom, we have spent many years trying to cure Essie to no avail. But now, we finally have hope. Even 
if Essie accepts Roxanne, I have no ions as long as she can fully recover.” 
Lucian spoke in a mellow and convincing voice. “Given how much you love Essie, I’m sure you, too, 
want the best for her. Therefore, I hope that you won’t disrupt their lives anymore, as Essie can’t afford
to suffer another blow.” 
Even though the thought of Estella’s autism caused Sonya to waver, she still couldn’t get over the past. 
She questioned angrily, “Are you saying that you’re willing to accept her even after what she has done 
to you?” 
Lucian replied, “That’s between the two of us. I’ll deal with it properly.” 
Sonya pressed on. “What about Essie? By allowing her to grow close to Roxanne, what’s going to 
happen when she finds out that she was once abandoned by the latter? How will she feel? Will she be 
able to take it?” 
Lucian furrowed his brows together. 
Given that the matter was potentially a misunderstanding and it wasn’t fully investigated yet, he had no 
intention of explaining. He simply answered, “There’s no need for you to worry. Whatever Essie 
deserves to know, I won’t hide it from her.” 
In other words, he would continue his relationship with Roxanne and also allow Estella to do the same. 
Cognizant of her son’s character, Sonya knew that whatever she said would be useless. Nonetheless, 
she still couldn’t help but remind him of Aubree. “What about Aubree? What do you expect her to do? 
After she waited by your side for so many years and sacrificed so much for us, do you plan to abandon 
her just like that?” 
Lucian was filled with hatred at the mention of Aubree. “Do you know why Essie resents her?” 
Stunned, Sonya explained at once, “Is it because of what Aubree did to Essie? Didn’t she explain it to 
us already? She didn’t do it on purpose and was only worried about Essie’s safety. It only happened 
under desperate circumstances. Moreover, she regrets her action and has apologized to us about it.” 
Just as she finished, she turned the tables on him. “As for you, you have gone overboard with your 
recent behavior toward her!”
###Chapter 139
Chapter 139
Chapter 139 Will You Really Cancel The Engagement Sonya’s intentions were clear. She still hoped that Lucian would marry Aubree. 
Over the last six years, she had pestered him many times about it. 
Lucian cocked a brow in annoyance. “I know what I’m doing. There’s no need for you to interfere.” 
Sonya was upset. “You know what you’re doing? Are you really planning on canceling the 
engagement?” 
Before Lucian could reply, Sonya’s expression drastically changed while the resolve in her voice 
hardened. “No matter what, you personally agreed to the engagement with the Pearson family. You 
cannot disappoint her after how long she has waited. I forbid you from reneging on your word, so don’t 
ever bring it up in front of me again!” 
Subsequently, Sonya threw her son a stern look before shooting a glare at the mansion’s main door. It 
was as if she could pierce through it with her eyes and see Roxanne inside. In the end, she recovered 
her gaze before storming off. 
After watching his mother’s silhouette disappear, Lucian collected his emotions and returned to the 
mansion. 
Estella had stopped crying in Roxanne’s arms and didn’t appear to be badly affected. The moment she 
saw him enter, she jumped out of Roxanne’s embrace and ran to hug his thigh. When she stared 
blankly at him, he could see that her eyes and nose were a bit red. 
After stroking her head to comfort her, Lucian shifted his gaze in Roxanne’s direction. “I’m sorry that my 
mom has caused you trouble. I didn’t expect her to suddenly come here.” 
Having regained her composure, Roxanne nodded calmly. “It’s fine. I’m not the least bit surprised by 
her attitude. After all, I left the Farwell family on very bad terms. Besides, she never approved of our 
marriage, and time has proven her right.” 
Back then, Roxanne had married Lucian in spite of Sonya’s ions. Unfortunately, they tormented 
each other in the end. 
When she returned to the country, she had considered the possibility of the Farwell family giving her
trouble. Nevertheless, she never expected to be involved with Lucian again, let alone encounter Sonya 
under such circumstances. 
Lucian frowned slightly at her answer but didn’t know what to say, for Roxanne was merely stating the 
facts. 
In fact, his mother’s prejudice against her had never decreased one bit. 
Suddenly, silence descended upon the living room. 
“Ms. Jarvis, Mr. Farwell,” Catalina remarked carefully. “It’s time to send the children to school.” 
Both of them were jolted back to their senses. 
When Roxanne held her sons’ hands, she hesitated for a while before looking at Lucian. “As for 
Essie… Do you want to take her, or do you want me to continue looking after her?” 
Sonya’s words earlier had reminded Roxanne that Estella couldn’t stay by her side forever. 
Just when Lucian was about to reply, Estella released his leg and ran back to grab Roxanne’s dress. 
Both Roxanne and Lucian were shocked by her reaction. 
When Estella heard for the second time that morning that she was going to leave Roxanne, her already 
reddened eyes moistened further. Giving Lucian a pleading look, she looked like she was going to 
continue crying if he were to decide to take her away. 
As he had no such intention, Lucian replied, “Please continue watching over her as her condition has 
yet to stabilize. When it’s inconvenient for you to do so, you can let Catalina bring her home.” 
When Roxanne saw how pitiful Estella looked, she nodded with a wavering heart. 
Upon Roxanne’s agreement, Estella’s miserable expression was replaced by a delightful smile.
###Chapter 140
Chapter 140
Chapter 140 Patience Is Required 
On the way home from Roxanne’s house, Sonya pondered upon the matter and decided to give 
Aubree a call. 
Meanwhile, Aubree was puzzled to receive Sonya’s call so early in the morning. 
“Aubree, I have already spoken to Lucian, and he will not speak of canceling the engagement with you 
again.” Even though Sonya had requested it unilaterally, she conveyed the decision simply because 
her son didn’t to it. 
Aubree was ecstatic to hear the news. “Is it true, Mrs. Farwell?” 
Just as she spoke, she inquired further, “But what about Roxanne? She seems to be very close to 
Lucian. Furthermore, Essie likes her too.” 
Sonya’s tone turned grim at the mention of Roxanne. “Just ignore her, as only you can be Lucian’s 
future wife. With regard to Essie, you have to be more patient with her, for she’s still just a child. I’ll let 
the matter slide this time, but you had better not do that again!” 
Aubree readily agreed, “Mrs. Farwell, please rest assured that I’ll treat Essie as if she’s my own 
daughter.” 
Nevertheless, the thought of Estella staying with Roxanne over the last two days continued to unsettle 
her. Hence, she pried further, “By the way, has Essie gone home yet? I want to find an opportunity to 
apologize to her.” 
Sonya replied in a lackluster tone, “Not yet. I wanted to bring her back, but her condition hasn’t 
stabilized. She wants to stay with Roxanne, and it’s also good for her recovery. By the time she feels 
better, I’ll bring her back again.” 
In response, an icy glint flashed across Aubree’s eyes. 
That despicable kid is still together with Roxanne! Prior to this, she has been the reason why Lucian 
doesn’t like me and refuses to marry me. Now that she is growing closer to Roxanne, she might 
become the reason for him to remarry the latter! 
The more Aubree thought about it, the more upset she became. Aware that her only hope continued to
rest on Sonya, she maintained a cordial tone while speaking. “I understand, Mrs. Farwell. Essie’s well- 
being takes priority.” 
When Sonya heard Aubree’s caring words, she advised in a solemn tone, “Aubree, you have to be 
patient when it comes to getting what you want. Do you understand what I mean?” 
“I do, Mrs. Farwell. Don’t worry,” Aubree replied calmly. 
Sonya nodded in satisfaction. “Soon, I’ll invite your parents to finalize your marriage. There’s no need 
to feel anxious, as that will not help you achieve success.” 
With the doubts in her heart removed, Aubree’s eyes lit up as she agreed with a smile. 
In the evening, Roxanne arrived at the kindergarten on the dot to collect the three children. There, 
Lucian was already waiting. 
She had assumed that he would stay for dinner just like the day before. However, he left right away 
after dropping them off at the door, saying that he was busy. 
Upon entering the house, they were welcomed by the dinner Catalina had prepared. After finishing their 
food, Roxanne played with the children for a while downstairs before ushering them to bed. 
Roxanne tucked Archie and Benny in and returned to her room, where Catalina had just given Estella a 
bath. Having put on her bunny pajamas, Estella looked like a stuffed toy as she sat starry-eyed on the 
bed while waiting for Roxanne. 
The moment she saw the latter enter, she broke into a sweet smile and stretched her arms out for a 
hug. 
As Roxanne picked Estella up, the latter wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s neck obediently. When 
Estella laid her face against hers, Roxanne felt as if her heart was about to melt from the sensation.
###Chapter 141
Chapter 141
Chapter 141 Getting Involved Again 
The next morning, Roxanne sent the children to school alone as Lucian didn’t come. 
When Pippa saw Roxanne by herself, she was surprised. “Ms. Jarvis, where’s Mr. Farwell today?” 
Roxanne was briefly stunned by the comment. 
She wasn’t expecting Pippa to notice that Lucian had brought the children to school with her over the 
last two days, let alone inquire about his absence. 
As it gave the impression that she and Lucian were close, Roxanne was stumped for an answer. 
Nonetheless, Estella brought out her notebook and wrote: I’m living with Ms. Jarvis now! 
She then raised it up with a vibrant smile on her face. 
When Pippa saw how cheerful Estella was now in contrast to her listless expression from two days 
ago, she couldn’t help but beam and stroke Estella’s hair. “I see.” 
Subsequently, she returned her gaze to Roxanne and was bowled over by how much Estella liked 
Roxanne and her sons. 
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief in her mind when she saw Estella answer on her behalf. After handing 
the children over, she remarked, “Thanks for taking care of them.” 
With that, she bid farewell to the children before driving off. 
Due to how busy she was taking care of Estella and managing the affairs of the research institute, she 
didn’t manage to visit Alfred even though it was time for his next treatment. 
With that thought in mind, Roxanne turned her car around and headed to the Queen residence after 
confirming with Jonathan that it was a good time to visit. 
In the meantime, Jonathan was already waiting at home. 
He gave Roxanne a warm welcome the moment she entered. “Dr. Jarvis, I was already about to call 
you because you hadn’t gotten in touch.” 
Roxanne smiled apologetically. “Something came up the last two days. How is Old Mr. Queen doing?” 
In truth, Jonathan was just making idle chatter and didn’t mean to blame her. In response to her 
question, his eyes glistened in admiration. “Thanks to your amazing medical skills, Grandpa’s condition
has improved significantly. Or else, I would already be pestering you.” 
Relieved to hear that Alfred was doing well, Roxanne went upstairs with her medical kit. 
Following her from behind, Jonathan furrowed his brows when he accidentally caught a glimpse of her 
hand that was holding the kit. “Did you hurt yourself?” 
Roxanne thought nothing of it. “I accidentally scalded myself when I spilled soup on it. It’s not a bother 
at all.” 
After a momentary pause, she added, “Don’t worry, it won’t affect Old Mr. Queen’s treatment.” 
Alfred had received advance notice of her arrival, so when they entered his room one after another, he 
was already sitting in bed. 
Roxanne took a seat by Alfred’s bed and began the treatment after greeting him cordially. 
Even though the wound on her hand looked nasty, she no longer felt any pain due to the effectiveness 
of her own medication. Therefore, it wasn’t a hindrance to her when she inserted the needles into 
Alfred’s body. 
Once the treatment was completed, Roxanne started to pack up. Seeing that, Jonathan came over to 
help. 
Cognizant that he was concerned about her wound, Roxanne didn’t stop him despite being briefly 
stunned. 
Upon arriving downstairs, Jonathan called out to her when she was about to leave. “Dr. Jarvis, please 
hold on.” 
Stopping in her tracks, she gave Jonathan a puzzled look as he retrieved something from a drawer and 
walked up to her. “This is my family’s best medication for burn wounds. As a doctor, you have to take 
good care of your hands, as they’re indispensable.” 
Just when she was about to thank him, Frieda’s cynical voice rang out. 
“Jonathan, you had better not be so kind. Otherwise, you might end up making someone fall for you.”
###Chapter 142
Chapter 142
Chapter 142 Not What I Meant In the end, Roxanne’s thanks never left her mouth. 
Jonathan, too, was stunned. Frowning at Frieda, he reprimanded her, “Frieda, what are you blabbering 
about?” 
With a shrug of her shoulders, Frieda replied in nonchalance, “I’m being serious. Even though 
someone has broken up with Lucian without saying a word back then, she’s still thick-skinned enough 
to cling to him now. Doesn’t she already know that Aubree is with Lucian? What’s the difference 
between her and a third party?” 
As she spoke, Frieda threw Roxanne a contemptuous look. 
I just can’t stand her, and she’ll never earn my respect even if she cures Grandpa. 
Although she didn’t name names, it was clear that she was talking about Roxanne. 
As a gloomy expression gradually descended upon Roxanne’s face, she said coldly, “Ms. Queen, 
instead of making snide comments, you had better learn some proper manners yourself before going 
around patronizing others.” 
With a drastic change in her expression, Frieda shot Roxanne a glare. “How dare you accuse me of 
being ill-mannered!” 
Roxanne met her gaze with an emotionless face. “What has my affairs with Lucian got anything to do 
with you? This is my personal matter, and you have no right to interfere. As a lady of a prominent 
family, don’t you think it’s unbecoming of you to stick your nose in the business of others?” 
Roxanne’s admonishment rendered Frieda speechless. 
She was worried about being labeled as uncultured if she continued the argument. 
Recovering her gaze, Roxanne warned, “To me, you’re nothing but a stranger. At most, you’re just a 
family member of my patient. Hence, you better not question me about my personal affairs!” 
With that, Roxanne bade goodbye to Jonathan and left before Frieda could react. 
Watching Roxanne’s leaving silhouette, Frieda gritted her teeth in anger, for she had seen how Aubree 
stayed by Lucian’s side over the years. 
If it wasn’t for her, Lucian would already have married Aubree. And now that she has returned, she 
managed to draw Lucian’s attention again. I don’t know what gives her the cheek to even put on such 
airs! Aubree has treated Grandpa very well over the years and isn’t inferior to her in any way. How dare 
this homewrecker accuse me of being ill-mannered! 
When Jonathan saw the rage on Frieda’s face, he shot her a glare before chasing after Roxanne. 
“Dr. Jarvis!” 
Roxanne stopped and turned around upon hearing his voice. She was greeted by the sight of him 
running toward her. 
Giving him a baffled look, she asked, “What is it?” 
Jonathan was visibly apologetic. “I’m here to say sorry on my sister’s behalf. I don’t know what has 
gotten into her. She seems to be easily agitated recently and keeps making snarky remarks. Please 
don’t take what she said to heart.” 
Roxanne smiled plainly. “Don’t worry. I won’t. I won’t stop treating Old Mr. Queen because of her words 
either.” 
“That’s not what I meant.” Jonathan felt helpless. 
He admired Roxanne and felt that she would make a good friend. Yet, regardless of what he said, she 
would always steer the conversation back to Alfred’s treatment. 
In no mood for idle chatter, Roxanne asked out of courtesy, “Is there anything else?” 
As it would be rude to hold her back, Jonathan replied, “That’s all. Goodbye.” 
Roxanne nodded before getting into her car.
###Chapter 143
Chapter 143
Chapter 143 Picking Up The Children 
After watching Roxanne drive away, Jonathan returned to the mansion. 
Frieda, who was drinking coffee on the couch with a scowl on her face, gave him the side-eye before 
recovering her gaze. 
Jonathan’s expression darkened when he caught her reaction. “Why are you behaving this way? What 
has Dr. Jarvis done to you for you to be so hostile to her? Don’t forget that she is Grandpa’s savior!” 
Frieda looked at Jonathan and refuted, “Savior? It’s not like we didn’t offer her anything. We’re just 
getting what each of us needs out of it.” 
Filled with displeasure, she inquired further, “Jonathan, why are you standing up for her? Has she 
tricked you too? In response to you asking me how she has offended me, I should be asking you if she 
has gotten in your head.” 
Jonathan glared at her. “Stop spewing nonsense. Whatever is going on between Dr. Jarvis and Lucian 
is between the two of them. We have no right to question her. You better not bring it up again!” 
Noticing Jonathan’s anger, Frieda kept her mouth shut despite the indignance she felt inside. 
Even though Roxanne had no intention of taking Frieda’s words seriously, she couldn’t help being 
affected by them. Therefore, she still felt disheartened when she returned to the research institute. 
After going on her rounds and realizing there wasn’t much to do, she decided to go home and rest so 
that she could collect her thoughts. 
Just when she was about to leave, someone knocked on her door. 
Opening it, she saw that it was one of the reputable professors of the research institute. 
“Dr. Jarvis, thank goodness you’re still here. We have encountered a problem with our formulation 
during our experiments. We’ve been trying the entire morning, but we can’t seem to figure out what’s 
wrong with it. Can you take a look at it for us?” 
With a solemn expression, Roxanne changed into her lab coat and followed him back to the lab. 
After going through it, she realized that the issue was indeed a serious one. As it was related to an 
important project of the institute, she dived into the research without any delay. 
Before she knew it, it was already the evening, and she had forgotten about the children at school. 
“Dr. Jarvis, your phone is ringing,” someone meekly reminded her. 
Jolted back to her senses, Roxanne picked up her phone from her lab pocket to check. When she saw 
the caller ID on the screen, her brows couldn’t help but knit together. 
Ever since she started taking care of Estella, she had removed Lucian’s number from her blacklist. 
Why is he calling me at this hour? 
“What is it?” Roxanne answered after a brief hesitation. 
Over at the other end, Lucian glanced at the time before asking in a deep voice, “Where are you now?” 
Roxanne replied, “I’m at the research institute. We’re still figuring out a problem that we have 
encountered. What’s wrong?” 
Lucian frowned at her answer. “I understand. The kindergarten just called and said that they couldn’t 
get you on the phone. Apparently, no one has picked up the children. Since you’re busy, I’ll collect them 
instead.” 
Only then did Roxanne remember that the children were still at school. 
With regard to the boys, they were used to her picking them up late when she was bogged down by 
work. 
However, the concern was that Estella, who had just shown some progress, might be affected by it. 
Holding that thought, Roxanne began to feel bad. “I’m sorry. I was too caught up with work and didn’t 
hear my phone. Why don’t I go and pick them up?” 
Lucian was already on his way to the elevator with his jacket in his hand. “It’s fine. It doesn’t matter 
which of us does it. You should continue with your work.” 
Just when Roxanne was about to say something, the call had already ended.
###Chapter 144
Chapter 144
Chapter 144 Why Are You Picking Us Up 
Staring at her phone, Roxanne hesitated briefly before putting it away and continuing with her research. 
Since she needed more time for work, she was glad that Lucian was able to take the task off her 
hands. 
Meanwhile, the three children were sitting on a bench at the kindergarten field with their bags behind 
their backs. Used to the fact that Roxanne would run late due to work, the boys sat upright and chatted 
with Pippa occasionally. 
Sitting between the two brothers, Estella started out feeling anxious. However, after a while, she began 
to be slowly distracted until she cupped her chin with her hands and listened intently to their 
conversation. 
Even when Lucian arrived, none of them noticed his presence. 
When he saw the three of them sitting together, Lucian felt his heart warm up. Subconsciously, he 
quickened his pace and hurried up to them. 
“Mr. Farwell,” Pippa greeted when she saw him. 
Only then did the children look up and reacted with disappointment at the sight of him. 
Faced with the drastic change in the children’s expressions, Lucian cocked a brow but didn’t comment. 
Instead, he informed Pippa, “I’m sorry, I was caught up with work. I’ll be picking Archie and Benny up, 
too.” 
Well aware that the three children were always together the past few days, Pippa didn’t inquire any 
further. After handing them over to him, she took her leave and went home. 
In spite of that, the children continued to sit on the bench without moving. 
Lucian stared at them in amusement. “Do you still feel like sitting here for a while?” 
Benny shook his head in reflex, for he didn’t want to continue staying there. The air was cold, while the 
bench was hard. Moreover, his bag was heavy, and he could already hear his stomach growling. 
Archie looked at Lucian with a serious expression. “Where’s Mommy? Why are you the one picking us 
up?” 
Estella, too, stared at her daddy and awaited his reply. 
“She’s still busy at the research institute, and it would be too late by the time she’s done. I came over 
first to take all of you to dinner,” Lucian summarized. “Besides, I’m sure all of you are hungry. Come 
with me.” 
Nevertheless, Archie remained hesitant. 
As for Benny, he was famished and also excited that he finally had an opportunity to spend time with 
his father. 
However, when he didn’t hear Archie’s response, he, too, fell silent and waited for his brother to 
express his thoughts. 
When it came to Estella, she had no ions, for she was used to eating with Lucian. In spite of that, 
she remained seated when she didn’t see any movement from the boys. 
Noticing the expectant look in Benny’s eyes, Archie paused for a moment before indicating his 
agreement by getting off the bench. 
Behaving just like his lackeys, Benny and Estella followed suit. 
Even though no words were exchanged, Lucian recognized their tacit agreement to have dinner with 
him. 
After the four of them got into the car, Lucian drove, while the children sat in a uniform row behind. 
“Since I don’t know what you like, I’ll just bring you to one of Estella’s favorite restaurants.” Lucian 
decided on the spot. 
Benny answered without another thought. “I’m fine with that!” 
Just as he spoke, he felt a tug from Archie and proceeded to keep his mouth shut sheepishly. 
Without another word, Lucian drove them straight to the restaurant. 
The high-end restaurant they were brought to had a historical look to it. Since Archie and Benny grew 
up overseas, they had never seen such a design before. Hence, they looked around curiously once 
they took their seats. 
Lucian felt a warm sensation in his heart when he saw how their interest was piqued. “What would you 
like to eat?”
###Chapter 145
Chapter 145
Chapter 145 I Dislike Him For Leaving Us Feeling famished, Benny recovered his gaze from the decorations the moment he heard Lucian 
mention food. He counted with his fingers. “I would like pork ribs, fried fish, drumsticks… All these are 
our favorite food!” 
Lucian subsequently turned his attention toward Archie, who wasn’t keen on answering initially. 
However, since Benny had replied on his behalf, Archie had no choice but to quietly nod. 
After ordering the food based on the children’s taste, Lucian didn’t know what to talk to them about, 
causing an awkward silence to fall upon the table. 
Once the dishes arrived, Lucian instructed the waiter to place them in front of the boys. 
It was only then that Archie uttered in a cordial yet distant tone, “Thank you, Mr. Farwell.” 
“Don’t mention it.” Lucian nodded in acknowledgment. His tone sounded awkward as he had seldom 
spent time interacting with them. 
During dinner, he would serve them food even though he didn’t feed them as Roxanne did. 
Nonetheless, the children wolfed down their food. 
“Is the food right to your taste?” Finally, Lucian thought of what to ask after struggling to find a topic. 
Raising his head, Benny rubbed his stomach before giving the question some thought. In the end, he 
responded in an earnest tone, “It’s delicious but not as good as Mommy’s cooking.” 
Lucian cocked his brow in surprise. “Does your mommy cook often?” 
Without thinking twice, Benny replied candidly, “Mmm-hmm. She’ll cook for us when she’s not busy. But 
when she’s overwhelmed by work, she won’t even have time to eat.” 
At that moment, a concerned expression emerged on his face, for he was sure that she had yet to eat. 
Meanwhile, Estella’s eyes lit up in envy. She, too, wanted to have Roxanne’s cooking every day. 
Oblivious to what was going through their minds, Lucian remained curious about Archie and Benny’s 
daily lives. “In that case, how do you cope when your mommy is busy?” 
The moment the words left his mouth, Lucian regretted it at once. 
If Roxanne is busy, their father would naturally be the one to take care of them. There’s no way the
three of them lived overseas alone. 
With that thought in mind, Lucian couldn’t help but think about Roxanne. 
Compared to six years ago, she looked sterner now. He figured that her losing weight might be one of 
the reasons behind it. 
Unaware of what was going through Lucian’s mind, Benny answered naively, “When Mommy is busy, 
her professor or assistant will help to babysit us. Sometimes, she’ll even bring us to the research 
institute, where her colleagues adore us.” 
Rattled back to his senses, Lucian was baffled and a little displeased. “What about your daddy? Why 
doesn’t he take care of you?” 
His words stunned the brothers. 
Daddy? Our daddy is sitting right in front of us. He just doesn’t know it. 
Putting his cutlery down, Archie furrowed his brows and stopped Benny from speaking. He stared at 
Lucian and demanded, “What do you want to know?” 
Lucian was slightly shocked. A brief moment later, he pursed his lips as if nothing had happened and 
replied, “Nothing, I was just showing some concern.” 
After staring at Lucian for quite a while, Archie recovered his exasperated gaze before asserting in a 
firm tone, “Ever since we were born, we have not seen our daddy. He’s a villain for abandoning 
Mommy and us. Therefore, I don’t like him!” 
When he finished, Archie raised his head to give Lucian another glance before going back to his food.
###Chapter 146
Chapter 146
Chapter 146 Disappointment Meanwhile, Benny, who had something to say, swallowed his words after his brother’s tirade. 
I have almost forgotten that Daddy is a villain, and we were supposed to ignore him! 
Lucian frowned when he sensed the unhappiness in the boys. Realizing that he had asked an 
inappropriate question, he apologized, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to bring up your painful past.” 
Despite opening his mouth, no words came out after that, for he didn’t know how else to comfort them. 
Archie lowered his head and pretended to focus on his food. “It’s all right. We have gotten used to it, 
anyway,” he said. 
At that moment, the atmosphere at the table grew tense. 
Unable to restrain himself after eating in silence, Benny raised a teary-eyed gaze at Lucian. “Mr. 
Farwell, do you like children?” 
Lucian was dumbstruck by the look on Benny’s face. 
Benny continued with his soliloquy. “I suppose you do, as I can see that you treat Essie very well. Since 
you don’t hate children, why do you dislike us then?” 
While speaking, Benny looked at Lucian with puppy eyes. 
It’s clear that you don’t hate kids, so why did you abandon us, Daddy? 
He was on the brink of vocalizing the question in his mind. 
Startled by his brother’s words, Archie was well aware of what the former wanted to ask. Hence, he 
preempted the question by serving him some food. “Didn’t you say that you were hungry? Here, eat 
up.” 
Despite the sadness within him, he didn’t want to show it in front of Lucian. 
Furthermore, he knew that Roxanne didn’t want Lucian to know their identity. 
Having been reminded by his brother, Benny pouted and continued to eat the food on his plate. 
However, he no longer took any extras. 
In the end, Lucian had no answers to Benny’s questions. In fact, he was intrigued about the actual 
genesis of the questions. 
Subsequently, the tension at the table intensified with no one saying another word until dinner was 
over. 
When Estella, who didn’t speak anyway, saw the somber mood the brothers were in, she felt equally 
glum. 
As the only adult at the table, Lucian tried to liven up the atmosphere with new topics but failed when 
the brothers just refused to talk. 
Once dinner was over, he sent the children back to Roxanne’s house. 
As Roxanne wasn’t back yet, Catalina, who was feeling worried, was relieved to see Lucian and the 
children. 
Instead of leaving right away, Lucian stayed to make small talk with Catalina while watching the 
children play in the living room. 
It wasn’t until around eight o’clock that Roxanne finally returned from work. 
However, the children only threw her a glance and didn’t rush to welcome her like they usually did. 
From their response, Roxanne could sense that something was amiss with their mood. 
Since Lucian was still around, she went over and asked, “What has gotten into them? Were they bullied 
in school?” 
Furrowing his brows slightly, Lucian gave her an apologetic look. “They became like that after I inquired 
about their father during dinner. I’m sorry, I didn’t do it on purpose.” 
Roxanne was startled by his words. After she regained her composure, her expression was a bit dark. 
“What did you ask them such a question for?” 
Unable to figure out the reason for it, Lucian was momentarily speechless. 
Roxanne suppressed the panic within her and gave him a stern warning. “Both of them grew up without 
a father and don’t like others bringing it up. Therefore, Mr. Farwell, please do not ask them such 
questions ever again.”
###Chapter 147
Chapter 147
hapter 147 Heartache 
Lucian assumed that Roxanne was angry because the children were upset. Thus, he promised in an 
apologetic tone, “I didn’t know that before. Now that I do, you can rest assured that I won’t mention this 
in front of them again.” 
After glancing at the children, who were playing Lego, Roxanne suddenly felt what a close shave it was 
for Lucian to talk to the boys about their father. With nothing else to say to him, she hinted for him to 
leave. “It’s getting late, Mr. Farwell. Why don’t you head home first? Thank you for taking the trouble to 
pick the kids up on my behalf today.” 
After a brief hesitation, Lucian nodded before leaving. 
On the journey home, he felt extremely unsettled but couldn’t put a finger on what it was. 
When he arrived, he removed his tie in frustration and sat on the couch for a while. Even then, he 
continued to feel disturbed. 
Subsequently, he brought out a bottle of wine from the cabinet, sitting by the window to drink alone. 
After two glasses, images of what happened at dinner gradually emerged in his mind. 
The children were giving him angry yet pitiful looks while demanding to know why he didn’t like them. 
With their faces and tone in his mind, Lucian couldn’t help but feel a piercing pain in his heart. 
After Lucian was gone, Roxanne played with the children for a while before sending them to bed. 
Having tucked Estella in, Roxanne pondered a moment before knocking on the boys’ door. 
Meanwhile, both of them were unable to sleep as they were still disturbed by the event earlier. 
“Mommy, what is it?” Archie asked curiously when he opened the door and saw her. 
Roxanne tousled his hair. “I just want to have a talk with both of you. Let’s go inside.” 
Archie nodded before climbing back up to bed. He looked exceptionally adorable in his cow-print 
pajamas while his loose fringes billowed in front of his eyes. 
As her heart softened, Roxanne closed the door and settled down by the bedside. She asked softly, 
“Did Mr. Farwell ask you about your daddy during dinner?” 
The boys nodded in unison. 
Archie added in his squeaky voice, “We told him that we don’t have a daddy and also the fact that we 
dislike our daddy.” 
Roxanne felt her heart clam up in response. She could sense a faint sadness in the boy’s tone. 
After all, she had kept their family origins from them and told them that they didn’t have a father. 
However, if I were to tell them the man they had dinner with was their daddy, how would they react? 
“Boys… Do you feel that you’re different from other children? Have you ever thought of wanting a 
daddy?” Roxanne asked after a momentary pause. 
The boys shook their heads. “No.” 
Roxanne’s brows knitted slightly. “But…” They’re clearly saddened by the events of the evening. 
With each of them holding one of her arms, they put on a serious expression. “Even though we don’t 
have a daddy, we still have you, and you are the best mommy in the whole wide world! No one can 
compare to you, so we’re the envy of all our friends!” 
As if to prove a point, Benny gave Roxanne an earnest look. “Although Essie has a daddy, she still 
prefers you because you’re the best. Therefore, we don’t need a daddy at all!” 
Roxanne was both touched and heartbroken at the same time. Hugging the children in a tight embrace, 
she didn’t say a word for a long time.
###Chapter 148
Chapter 148
Chapter 148 Making It Up To Her Feeling bad for making the boys sad, Lucian didn’t show up for the next few days. Instead, he would 
occasionally send a message to check in on Estella. 
As for Roxanne, she heightened her vigilance after what happened and was secretly relieved that he 
didn’t drop by. 
When she saw that his messages were not related to the boys, she replied to all of them accordingly. 
From the frequent messages that he sent, Roxanne could see how much he cared for Estella. 
Since he cares so much about her, why hasn’t he made an appearance? Is he not worried about 
leaving her with me just like that? I really have no idea what’s going through that mind of his. 
Luckily, Estella was adorable. Not only did she have exquisite features, she was also exceptionally 
obedient. 
Every time she cozied up to Roxanne, Roxanne would be reminded of the daughter she had lost. If she 
managed to grow up safely, she would be Essie’s age. 
With that thought in mind, Roxanne treated Estella as if she was family. Deep down, she felt that being 
nice to the latter was her way of making it up to her lost daughter. 
After spending a lot of time together, Archie and Benny began to see Estella as their own sister. 
Whether they were at home or in kindergarten, they would constantly protect her. 
Meanwhile, Estella smiled all the time during her stay with Roxanne. 
When Roxanne saw how happy Estella was, she could feel her heartstrings being tugged. 
At the rate they were progressing, Estella’s condition quickly stabilized. In other words, she would be 
able to go home soon. 
Holding that thought, Roxanne began to feel reluctant to part with Estella. 
During the weekend, Roxanne planned to take them out for the day, as they have not gone on an 
outing ever since Estella started staying with them. 
“Mommy!” Archie and Benny approached her enthusiastically. “Let’s take Essie to the aquarium!” 
Hearing that, Roxanne looked in Estella’s direction to seek her opinion. 
The latter nodded obediently. 
As long as I can stay with Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny, it doesn’t matter where I go. 
With that, Roxanne got the children to pack up before heading to the aquarium together. 
Since Lucian was usually busy with work, he seldom brought Estella out. As for Archie and Benny, it 
was the first time both of them visited an aquarium in the country. 
The moment the children entered the aquarium, they were captivated by the smorgasbord of marine life 
in it. From time to time, they would stop to interact with the fishes. 
Roxanne would patiently wait and take pictures for them. Furthermore, she would also provide an 
explanation of the fish that she recognized. 
As a result, the children had a blast inside. 
Afterward, Roxanne took them to the children’s activity center where she sat by the side and waited. 
Just then, her phone rang. 
When she saw who it was, her brows slightly knitted. 
Lucian? He has only been sending messages recently, so why is he calling now? 
Lucian’s voice rang out once the call connected. “Where are you?” 
Roxanne was briefly stunned. “Did something come up?” 
Lucian replied in a deep voice. “I brought Essie something, but Catalina told me that you guys have 
gone out. Where are you? I’ll go over instead.” 
He dropped by early in the morning to see Estella but didn’t find her there. When Cayden asked him 
whether he wanted to go home, Lucian hesitated before giving Roxanne a call. 
Since it was about Estella, Roxanne pondered briefly before replying, “We’re at the aquarium.” 
Over the line, Lucian’s voice rang out at once. “I’ll head over right away.”
###Chapter 149
Chapter 149
Chapter 149 Estella Spoke Again 
After hanging up, Roxanne could not help but worry as she watched the three children playing happily. 
Due to what happened previously, she was concerned that Lucian would bring up Archie and Benny’s 
background again. 
Furthermore, she did not want Lucian to find out about Estella’s present condition and decided to take 
her back. 
Soon, Lucian called again. “I have arrived. Which attraction are you at?” 
At the same time, the three children urged Roxanne to bring them to a beluga whale performance. 
Thus, Roxanne agreed to the children’s requests and replied to Lucien, “We will wait for you at the 
beluga whale aquarium.” 
After hanging up, Roxanne went to the beluga whale aquarium with the children. Meanwhile, Lucian 
and Cayden bought tickets before heading there too. 
Roxanne led the children to sit in the front row near the side. Soon, Lucian came in and saw them 
instantly. He went to sit beside them. 
Estella greeted Lucian happily upon seeing him but soon turned her attention back to the beluga whale 
performance. 
On the other hand, Archie and Benny only nodded in his direction and did not bother to say hi. 
Lucian could see Archie and Benny still did not want to talk to him. 
He knew it was due to what happened during dinner that night and felt frustrated. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne also only greeted him briefly before turning her attention to the performance. 
Seeing this, Lucian had no choice but to remain silent. 
An aquarium staff stood below the stage and alternated between directing the beluga whales to leap 
out of the water or getting them to spin around. The beluga whales carried out the orders perfectly and 
looked adorable. 
The children watched with sparkles in their eyes. 
“Is there anyone among the audience who would like to come and play with our beluga whales?” The
staff turned to look at the audience. 
The children raised their hands excitedly upon hearing the offer. 
Benny stretched his hand as high as he could and shouted, “Me! Me!” 
To their delight, the staff turned to them and said, “The two boys and a girl over there. I can see you like 
beluga whales very much. Why don’t you come here to play with them?” 
Hearing that, the children jumped with joy but did not forget to seek Roxanne’s permission. 
As Roxanne was concerned about the children’s safety, the staff added, “May I ask the parents to come 
here with the children?” 
Therefore, Roxanne and the children held hands and went to the side of the pool. 
Then, they followed the staff’s instructions and played with the beluga whales for a while. 
Soon, it was break time, but the four of them stayed by the pool. 
The staff found the children’s enthusiasm endearing and guided them to interact with the beluga 
whales. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne watched from the side. 
Archie and Benny stayed together. Benny had always been playful. He kneeled by the pool and 
scooped water onto the beluga whale. “I’m bathing you! You must stay still and not move!” 
However, why would the beluga whale listen to his instruction? It kept splashing water back at Benny. 
Thus, Benny and the beluga whale splashed water at each other. 
The water soon drenched Archie who watched from the side. 
Archie was annoyed and stepped further away from them. 
On the other hand, Estella squatted quietly by the pool and gently patted a beluga whale’s head. She 
looked at it adoringly. 
The beluga whale floated near the surface obediently and accepted her touch. 
The staff saw how well Estella was getting along with the small beluga whale and gave instructions to 
the beluga whale from behind Estella. 
Suddenly, the beluga whale leaped out of the water’s surface. 
The sudden movement shocked Estella, and she tried to step away. However, she felt a cool sensation
on her cheek. 
Soon, the beluga whale dived back into the water with a splash. 
Estella was stunned for a few seconds and turned to Roxanne excitedly to share her joy. “Wow, Ms. 
Jarvis, the beluga whale kissed me!”
###Chapter 150
Chapter 150
Chapter 150 It Was Always Related To Her Roxanne could hear Estella’s childish voice clearly through the splashing noise. 
She could not help but remain stunned for a moment, thinking she had misheard. Then, she looked at 
Estella with an astonished expression. 
Benny was also stunned and stopped whatever he was doing. He did not even care about water 
splashing on him. 
However, Estella soon continued playing with the beluga whale. She did not notice Roxanne and the 
others’ shocked expressions. 
The staff finally let them return to their seats when the next segment began. 
Roxanne and the two boys were still stunned. On the other hand, Estella held Roxanne’s hand and sat 
down like nothing strange had happened. 
Lucian noticed their dazed expressions and asked with a frown, “What’s wrong?” 
Roxanne finally came to her senses. She glanced at Estella before whispering, “Estella… She seemed 
to have spoken just now.” 
Furthermore, she spoke fluently and has a lovely voice. 
Lucian glanced at his daughter with a surprised expression and asked, “What did she say?” 
Roxanne was taken aback by his question. She was too surprised by Estella speaking suddenly and 
could not remember what Estella said. 
Archie chimed in. “She said the beluga whale kissed her.” 
Next to Archie, Benny could not resist his curiosity and asked, “Isn’t Essie mute?” 
They had always thought Estella was mute. After all, they had never heard her speak since they first 
met her. 
Lucian frowned and answered, “When did I ever say that Essie was mute?” 
Archie and Benny exchanged glances. 
Roxanne asked in confusion, “Essie doesn’t speak. You also prepared a notepad so that she can write 
to communicate.” 
Lucian felt a little helpless as they mentioned this matter. “Estella was usually unwilling to speak 
because of autism. Even I only hear a few words from her occasionally. Thankfully, she is willing to 
write to communicate with us.” 
Roxanne suddenly remembered how Estella was when something triggered her autism. Her heart 
ached for Estella. 
On the other hand, Lucian looked conflicted. 
Estella was diagnosed with autism when she was little. Thus, Lucian could count on the fingers of one 
hand the number of times she spoke. 
The last time Estella spoke was when she was anxious about Roxanne leaving. 
If what Roxanne and the boys said were true, Estella spoke again in Roxanne’s presence. The two 
times she had spoken concerned Roxanne. Could it be the special bond between a mother and 
daughter? 
Lucian’s eyes darkened as he thought about this. Then, he turned to Estella and asked gently, “Essie, 
did you have fun playing with the beluga whale just now?” 
Estella smiled, forming dimples on her cheeks. She nodded obediently but did not speak. 
That prompted Lucian to frown slightly. However, he continued to attempt to coax her to speak. “What 
did you play with the beluga whale? Can you tell me about it?” 
Benny heard Estella speak for the first time just now. He was curious and wanted to hear more. Thus, 
he urged Estella, “Essie, tell me too! My beluga whale would not listen to me. I bathed it, but it sprayed 
water all over Archie and me! How was yours so obedient?” 
Estella knitted her brow slightly and became flustered by their numerous questions. She searched 
through Roxanne’s bag to find a pencil and paper to write to them. 
Lucian saw what Estella was planning to do and frowned. He did not ask any more questions.
###Chapter 151
Chapter 151
Chapter 151 Who Dares To Ignore Him 
Roxanne guessed what Lucian was planning and could not help but anticipate what Estella would say. 
Although she was disappointed to see Estella taking a pencil and paper from her bag, she did not show 
it in her expression. “Don’t worry. Estella has just started to improve and still needs time to stabilize. 
She probably only speaks when she is excited about something. So, let’s be patient.” 
Lucian nodded quietly. 
He found himself agreeing with Roxanne. The fact that Estella said something was already a good 
development. Thus, he should not demand too much but let her improve naturally. 
Estella wrote for a while and took some time to think. Then, she finally answered all their questions. 
Lucian and Benny listened to her attentively and gave encouraging responses. 
The beluga whale performance came to an end, but the three children were still reluctant to leave. 
Roxanne saw that there was still time and continued to let them play in the marine park. 
Lucian was not sure why he came here today. Thus, he followed behind them and accompanied 
Roxanne and the children as they tour around the marine park. 
During this time, the three children kept pulling Roxanne with them as they ran around. They seemed 
to have forgotten about Lucian. 
Lucian looked at how happy they were and had an inexplicable sense that they had forgotten him. 
It was bad enough that Roxanne, Archie, and Benny ignored him. Even Estella had forgotten about 
him. 
Meanwhile, Cayden had received instructions not to disturb them. Therefore, he followed behind Lucian 
quietly from a distance. 
He had witnessed Lucian being left out by his family a few times. Yet, Lucian would always follow them 
quietly. Thus, Cayden could not help but pity him. 
Mr. Farwell had never suffered such indignity. Everyone in Horington knew the Farwell Group. Who 
would dare to ignore him? Perhaps only these four people before him. 
Lucian could vaguely sense that it was Archie and Benny who excluded him. Ultimately, they were still
unhappy over the conversation during dinner that night. 
Lucian did not expect them to still hold a grudge over the matter. 
After figuring out the reason, Lucian did not say anything but followed Roxanne and the children quietly. 
They remained in the marine park until evening, nearing its closing time. By then, the children were 
tired and had played at every available attraction in the marine park. 
Roxanne had not expected to spend so much time in the marine park and was exhausted. She was 
relieved that the children were finally tired and decided to send them home. 
However, Lucian continued to follow them. 
Roxanne did not mind. She thought he only wanted to spend some time with Estella and would leave 
soon. 
Then, she noticed he still followed them even when they reached the underground parking. Roxanne 
felt frustrated and said, “Mr. Farwell, are there other matters? I’m bringing them home if there is nothing 
else.” 
Hearing her, the three children all turned to look at Lucian curiously. 
Lucian nodded. “Please wait for a moment. I have something for Estella in the car.” 
After saying that, he headed to his car to get something. 
Roxanne was puzzled. 
Estella had been staying at her place for nearly a week. She did not think Estella lacked anything. 
Soon, Lucian and Cayden came over, holding a large box each. 
“What are these?” Roxanne frowned slightly. 
One of the boxes contained a few limited edition robot figurines, while the other box had high-tech 
small cars and robot models. Everything looked expensive. 
Roxanne knew about them because Archie and Benny liked these things. Thus, she instantly 
recognized what Lucian had brought. 
She grew suspicious. None of these look like something Estella would be interested in. Instead, they 
are the things Archie and Benny like.
###Chapter 152
Chapter 152 Presents To Express Apology All content is property ? N?velDrama.Org.
Roxanne hesitated before asking, “These aren’t for Estella, right?”
Lucian admitted to it straight away, “I bought these for Archie and Benny. I’d misspoken a few days
ago. After returning home, I thought over what I said and felt I should apologize even though they were
children. I noticed something similar in your house and thought Archie and Benny would like these.”
After saying that, Lucian looked at Archie and Benny solemnly and offered a box to them. “I’m sorry for
what I said before. I hope these are to your liking.”
Archie and Benny looked at the toys delightedly.
It was normal for boys to love robots and race cars. Furthermore, Archie and Benny had much higher
IQs than their peers. Therefore, they preferred more complicated toys and were interested in high-tech
ones.
They used to badger Roxanne to buy them. However, some of these were too expensive. Although
they liked those toys very much, they were sensible and did not mention them to Roxanne.
Thus, they were surprised that Lucian knew what they liked.
Benny could not resist taking a couple of steps toward Lucian and looking into the box.
It contained all the toys he coveted on the website. He nearly used the small fortune Archie earned in
stock trading to get them, causing Archie to scold him.
Although Archie liked the toys, he could not forget that Lucian abandoned his mother. He stood still with
a stern expression but could not resist looking into the boxes.
One could see Archie and Benny desired the presents from Lucian.
Benny looked at the toys for a long time before turning to his mother and seeking her opinion.
If Mommy disagrees, I will never accept the toys, no matter how much I like them.
Roxanne looked at Archie and Benny’s expressions and began to relent. However, she hesitated again
as she looked at the things Lucian was holding.
She had noticed Archie and Benny checking out those toy models and figurines on the Web. They
were all highly sought-after limited editions.
The race car model Lucian held cost two hundred thousand. Furthermore, the price is still rising due to
market demand.
Since Lucian wanted to apologize to the children, she would not stop him from giving them presents.
However, those presents were too expensive.
Benny seemed to understand what Roxanne was thinking. He looked at the models longingly before
returning to Archie’s side.
Still, Roxanne relented when she saw his disappointed expression. Thus, she said, “That’s thoughtful
of you. My sons love these toys. However, the toys are too expensive, so let me know how much they
cost. I will transfer the money to you.”
Lucian frowned upon hearing her. “I prepared these presents as an apology, so how can I ask you to
pay? Furthermore, you must have spent a lot on Essie’s expenses. These toys are only a small gift
from me. I’m afraid they are not even good enough to express my remorse. Thus, if you insist on
paying, there is no sincerity left.”
Roxanne hesitated upon hearing his explanation.
Although the money Lucian spent on the gifts was only a minute sum to him, Roxanne still felt
uncomfortable accepting the presents.
Lucian understood what she was thinking and replied solemnly, “If you insist on paying, I should also
pay you much more than this for taking good care of Essie. You have improved her condition
tremendously. Will you be willing to accept my payment?”
Roxanne finally gave up refusing the presents. She nodded toward Archie and Benny. “Since they are
presents from Mr. Farwell, you should accept them.”
Hearing her, Archie responded with a polite but detached tone, “Thank you, Mr. Farwell.”
###Chapter 153
Chapter 153 His Speech Moved Her Lucian and Cayden brought the boxes of toys to Roxanne’s car. Then, they said goodbye and left.
After getting into the car, Cayden hesitated and asked, “Mr. Farwell, are you not going to spend more
time with Ms. Estella?”
Ms. Estella has been staying in Roxanne’s home all this while and rarely interacts with Mr. Farwell. I’m
concerned they would grow distant from the lack of interaction.
Lucian shook his head but did not say anything.
Archie and Benny have not truly forgiven me. I have already followed them for a day and finally
managed to redeem myself a little through gifts. If I continued to follow them, I would lose the little
goodwill I received.
Lucian felt his head throbbing as he thought about Archie and Benny’s attitude toward him.
Suddenly, a phone rang in the car.
Lucian adjusted his emotions and answered the call with a frown, “What is the matter?”
It was a call from Jonathan. “Lucian, are you free in a couple of days? It will be my grandpa’s
seventieth birthday soon. Initially, we did not plan to organize a banquet. However, he has become ? N?velDrama.Org - All rights reserved.
much healthier recently, so we plan to have a huge celebration. You must come to the banquet!”
Lucian replied in a deep voice, “Sure, I will spare some time to attend it.”
Alfred had treated Lucian well. Furthermore, Lucian worked hard to find a way to cure Alfred.
Therefore, he planned to attend Alfred’s seventieth birthday banquet.
Meanwhile, Roxanne went home with the three children. Archie and Benny could not wait to unbox the
figurines the instant they got home. They played with the figurines until midnight.
Since they did not have to go to school the next day, Roxanne did not stop them but coaxed Estella to
sleep.
The following morning, Roxanne let Catalina take care of the children while she went to the Queen
residence to treat Alfred’s illness.
Jonathan was present during the treatment and discussed the details of the birthday banquet with
Alfred.
Suddenly, Jonathan turned to Roxanne and asked, “Dr. Jarvis, will you be free to attend Grandpa’s
birthday banquet in a couple of days? I can include you on the invitation list.”
Roxanne had just finished with Alfred’s medical treatment and was surprised to receive an invitation to
the birthday banquet.
She had listened to Jonathan and Alfred’s conversation and knew it would be quite the affair. They had
invited many prominent people in Horington and prestigious families that were closely acquainted with
the Queen family.
On the other hand, Roxanne was only a newcomer and a little-known doctor in Horington. She believed
she had no place at this birthday banquet.
Therefore, Roxanne hesitated and decided to refuse in the end. “I think I’d better not. I’m not good with
such opulent social gatherings.”
Hearing her, Alfred responded immediately, “Dr. Jarvis, it is all thanks to you that I can have a birthday
banquet this time. If not for your efforts, I would still be bedridden! Therefore, I hope you can attend this
birthday banquet. It would make me happy to have you there. Also, don’t worry. If you dislike
socializing, I will make sure that no one disturbs you.”
Roxanne did not know how to refuse in the face of Alfred’s enthusiastic invitation.
Then, Jonathan smiled and added, “Even if you are not good at socializing, you will still have to learn it
eventually. You are now in charge of a research institute, so you will have to interact with these people.
Furthermore, you can use this opportunity to get to know some of them. Who knows? You might bring
good business opportunities to the research institute.”
Those words struck a chord with Roxanne.
Therefore, Roxanne nodded and said, “Thank you for having such good regard for me, Old Mr. Queen.
In that case, I shall accept the invitation and will show up on time.”
Before leaving, Roxanne briefly explained the subsequent treatment to Alfred, “You have one session
of treatment left. After this, you only have to rest and recuperate. I will prescribe some medicine for
you, so you must remember to take them on time. If you do, you will gradually recover.”
###Chapter 154
Chapter 154 Give Up On Him
It was the afternoon.
Aubree and Frieda sat opposite each other in Thousand Degrees Cafe, drinking coffee and chatting. N?velD(ram)a.?rg owns this content.
They suddenly talked about Alfred’s seventieth birthday banquet.
“Aubree, will you be attending my grandpa’s seventieth birthday banquet?” Frieda asked cryptically.
Aubree had heard about the birthday banquet. Since the Queen family was closely acquainted with the
Farwell family, Aubree believed she would have to attend. Thus, she nodded and said, “I’m going.
Why?”
Frieda asked, “Erm… Would Lucian be attending with you? Everyone knows you are a couple!”
Aubree hesitated upon hearing this.
She knew Lucian would attend. However, she did not expect him to ask her to go with him.
Although Lucian did not cancel their engagement all these years, he behaved indifferently toward her.
However, Frieda was unaware of Aubree’s concerns and continued, “Both of you must attend together.
Then, you can show that woman who you are!”
Frieda hated Roxanne for her cold attitude toward her. That was why Frieda invited Aubree to meet and
discuss the birthday banquet.
Roxanne is nothing without Lucian’s protection. I want to show her who Lucian truly loves!
Aubree naturally knew who Frieda meant.
Her heart sank as she remembered how Lucian treated Roxanne, prompting her to reply immediately,
“Of course. Lucian and I are in a relationship. We will attend the birthday banquet together.”
Frieda was delighted to hear that. “That’s wonderful! You have no idea how arrogant that woman was
lately. She doesn’t know her place, so I can’t wait to see her face when you show up at the birthday
banquet with Lucian!”
Aubree was looking forward to it too.
Things had not been going well for Aubree ever since Roxanne returned to the country.
Good. I can use this chance to make her give up on Lucian completely!
Then, Aubree and Frieda finished their coffee and went shopping before they parted ways.
Aubree became anxious about the coming birthday banquet once she returned home.
Although she promised Frieda to attend the birthday banquet with Lucian, she did not know how she
could convince Lucian to do that.
After considering for some time, Aubree decided to summon the courage and called Sonya on the
phone.
“What is the matter?” Sonya’s voice sounded the second the call connected.
Aubree calmed her emotions and said apologetically, “Mrs. Farwell, I heard Old Mr. Queen is having a
birthday banquet soon. Will Lucian be attending?”
“He will,” Sonya replied matter-of-factly.
After saying that, Sonya remembered Aubree and Lucian had quarreled about Estella. Thus, she
persuaded Aubree. “When the time comes, you should apologize to him. I will put in a good word for
you. Both of you shouldn’t continue to quarrel like this.”
Aubree agreed, “I think so too. However… Lucian keeps avoiding me. I fear he would not want to meet
me during the birthday banquet…”
She made herself sound aggrieved.
Sonya had not thought about this. Hearing Aubree, she considered for a few seconds before replying,
“That won’t happen. You only have to get ready. I will tell Lucian to pick you up for the birthday banquet
and attend it with you.”
Aubree was delighted to hear this, but she pretended to sound nervous, “Sure, I will get ready.”
After that, Sonya reminded Aubree about a few other matters before hanging up.
Aubree could not conceal her glee.
She did not expect such an easy solution to her worries.
I want to see Roxanne’s face when I show up at the birthday banquet with Lucian!
###Chapter 155
Chapter 155 On Purpose
Prior to the birthday banquet, Roxanne had given the last round of treatment to Alfred. Although he
couldn’t stay on his feet for too long, he was in better spirits, and he could even get out of bed and
move around.
Roxanne had also given him medications and told him to take them on time. After that, the treatment
was complete.
On the day of the birthday banquet, Roxanne went home to dress up after she finished her work at the
research institute. After putting on a dress and tying up her hair, she put on simple yet elegant makeup
before going to the banquet.
When she arrived at the Queen residence, the banquet was just about to start. There were plenty of
luxury cars parked outside, and the residence was packed with guests, all of whom were prominent
figures in Horington.
Since Roxanne had stayed in Horington before that, she knew most of the people there. However, very
few of them knew who she was.
Yet, she was the center of attention when she showed up at the venue.
When the crowd saw her, they were all in awe.
With her long hair tied up behind, she was flaunting her fair and slender neck. Besides, the crowd could
clearly see her exquisite facial features, although she was just wearing a thin layer of makeup. When
she smiled, her eyes were shining as bright as the stars in the sky. At the same time, her long and
slender legs also charmed the crowd.
Instantly, everyone was making guesses about which family was she from.
Roxanne glanced around and pretended like she didn’t notice the attention was on her. Since no one
has come forward to greet me, it would be rude of me to engage someone in small talk on my own.
After mulling over it for a while, she decided to just go to a corner and chill on her own.
However, Jonathan called out to her when she had only taken a couple of steps, “Dr. Jarvis, you look
amazing today.”
Indeed, whenever she was giving treatment to Alfred, she would always dress in a shirt and a pair of All rights ? N?velDrama.Org.
long pants. Besides, she never put on any makeup. Although one could still see her beautiful facial
features, she had never looked as stunning as that day.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne halted in her tracks and nodded politely to express her gratitude.
“Since you’re already here, don’t hide! My grandpa is waiting for you!” Jonathan could tell she was
trying to shy away from the crowd, so he invited her to see Alfred.
Since the invitation was to see Alfred, Roxanne had no choice but to accept it. While enduring the
weird stares from the crowd, she approached Alfred and greeted him.
Alfred greeted her with an affectionate smile and exchanged pleasantries with her.
The crowd was intrigued when they saw the warm interaction between Roxanne and the Queen family.
Meanwhile, Lucian had just left the office, and he was about to attend the banquet at the Queen
residence. Suddenly, he received a call from Sonya.
Sonya asked, “Have you finished work? Could you come and fetch me? I’m getting my look done at
Neon Boutique.”
Lucian agreed after checking the time.
Neon Boutique was a business owned by the Lane family, a family that was close to the Farwell family.
They specialized in making evening gowns and suits. It was a business that was passed down through
generations. Although their products were pricey, they were very popular among the high society in
Horington.
Everyone in the Lane family was involved in the fashion designing industry. Besides, they were all
pioneers in their respective fields, even the younger generations.
Before every event, the Farwell family would always get their outfits done at Neon Boutique.
Hence, Lucian was unfazed when Sonya told him she was at Neon Boutique.
When Lucian arrived, the person in charge of Neon Boutique immediately went out to greet him.
By then, Sonya was ready. However, she remained seated when she saw Lucian walking in. “Have a
seat.”
Lucian was confused. “Are you not done? It’s getting late.”
In response, Sonya raised her chin toward a fitting room. “Wait for Aubree.”
Upon hearing that, Lucian immediately frowned. She’s doing this on purpose, isn’t she?
###Chapter 156
Chapter 156 Asserting Dominance Over Roxanne
Aubree only came out of the fitting room after quite a while. This is property ? of N?velDrama.Org.
“Not bad. This is the one.” Sonya nodded in satisfaction when she saw her outfit.
After flashing a smile, Aubree turned around to look at Lucian. “You’re here, Lucian!”
Lucian merely nodded expressionlessly.
Aubree pretended like she didn’t mind his aloofness. With a smile, she said, “Mrs. Farwell invited me
along to get my outfit done. What do you think of my outfit? Isn’t it nice?”
With that, she twirled to show her outfit.
Lucian wasn’t pleased with the fact that Sonya had set him up. When he heard that, he responded with
a cursory nod and answered, “Yes.”
Aubree was slightly embarrassed when she saw how cold Lucian’s attitude was. However, she
maintained a smile on her face.
Sonya finally stood up and said, “Since Aubree is also going to the Queen residence, she should just
ride with us.”
Aubree smiled. “Thank you, Mrs. Farwell!”
After thanking Sonya, Aubree glanced at Lucian sheepishly.
Lucian furrowed his brows and uttered, “Let’s go.” Since Sonya had already said so, he couldn’t have
said no even if he wanted to.
With that, he turned around and left without sparing Aubree a glance.
Seeing that, Aubree lowered her gaze aggrievedly.
Sonya comforted her by patting her arm, signaling her to not mind him.
Aubree nodded obediently and wrapped her arm around Sonya’s arm affectionately before walking out
with her.
In the car, Lucian kept silent throughout the entire journey and didn’t bother to conceal his cold attitude.
In fact, he would only respond whenever Sonya asked him something.
Aubree could only clench her fists under her dress to vent her frustration. I must assert my dominance
over Roxanne later.
In the Queen residence, Alfred could only stay on his feet to exchange pleasantries with the guests for
a while before his body gave in. Jonathan then brought him a wheelchair so that he could continue
meeting the other guests.
Roxanne thought she could excuse herself after greeting Alfred. Alfred, however, had a different idea.
He told her to stay by his side.
“Since you’re also going to interact with the guests, let me make it easier by introducing you to them.”
Jonathan wanted her to stick around as well.
Roxanne had no choice but to stay by Alfred’s side. She then followed him around to greet all the
guests one by one.
Soon, Jonathan’s parents showed up.
“Are you Dr. Jarvis? Finally, we’ve met! Jonathan and Frieda had told me about how you’ve cured Old
Mr. Queen. Not only do you have superb medical skills, but you’re stunningly beautiful as well, Dr.
Jarvis,” praised Henrietta Chance, Jonathan’s mother, with a smile.
Roxanne smiled and thanked her politely.
Jonathan’s father, Zachary Queen, also thanked Roxanne. “All these years, we’ve looked for countless
doctors to treat my father’s illness. Unlike you, none of them could treat him. Thank you. From now on,
don’t hesitate to ask the Queen family for help whenever you need us.”
Hearing that, Roxanne wanted to deny the gesture courteously, but Alfred chimed in, “Of course! Dr.
Jarvis would still need to keep my health in check in the future.”
Roxanne fell silent and smiled with her pursed lips.
Frieda wasn’t happy when she heard how her parents were complimenting Roxanne. She then
scanned the surroundings to look for Lucian and Aubree. When she realized neither of them was there
yet, she glanced at the entrance in anticipation. Let’s see if that woman could still smile when she sees
Lucian showing up alongside Aubree!
Frieda didn’t need to wait long, though. A few minutes later, Lucian showed up at the entrance of the
mansion.
“Lucian is here!” Frieda exclaimed to get everyone’s attention.
###Chapter 157
As soon as those words fell, everyone in the Qucen residence turned toward the mansion’s entrance.
Roxanne also did the same instinctively.
Lucian was dressed in a tailored black suit. The suit was so well-lined that it was showcasing the man’s
toned figure. With most of his hair combed to the back, his perfect lacial features were for everyone to
see. At the same time, those few stray strands of hair hanging down from his forehead prompted his
gaze to appear even more icy-cold than they were. All in all, he looked cold and distant.
Everyone’s gazes fell on him at once.
Aubree appeared behind him wearing a black dress. Her curly hair was hanging down on her chesi,
and her red lips were exceptionally eye-catching. Al that moment, her arm was seen wrapping around
Sonya’s affectionately as they followed Lucian from bchind.
With their matching outfits and the affectionate interaction between Aubree and Sonya, it was as if they
were telling the world that Aubree was bound to be the future daughter-in-law of the Farwell family.
Upon seeing that scene, Frieda glanced at Roxanne from the corners of her eyes. Sull, she was
dissatisfied when she saw Roxanne’s unperturbed facial expression. Right then, she deliberately held
her mother’s hand and exclaimed, “Wow! Lucian and Aubree look so great together!”
Henrietta didn’t know what they were up to, but she was aware of the close relationship between the
Pearson family and the Farwell family. Besides, Aubree was always seen together with Lucian. She
nodded in agreement and ultered, “It seems like they might get married soon.”
Roxanne’s expression changed slightly when she heard that. However, she quickly composed herself
and lifted her head once again.
Jonathan was standing next to Roxanne when he remembered the conflict between her and
ed at her. He was surprised when he saw how calm she looked.
Lucian wasn’t happy with the attention he had gotten from the crowd. His gaze turned cold, and he
walked straight toward the center of the birthday banquet. He wanted to just greet Alfred before coming Owned by N?velDrama.Org.
up with an excuse to separate from Aubree.
Henrietta and Zachary were closely acquainted with the Farwell family. Hence, they went up to
welcome the guests with a smile. “Hi! Welcome. This is…”
As they spoke, both of them glanced at Sonya.
Sonya merely smiled in response.
Next to her, Aubree seemed slightly shy when she greeted the elders politely. After that, she just
listened as they chatted.
As they were chatting, they were walking toward Alfred.
Roxanne panicked when she saw them approaching. She averted her gaze and wanted to just bid
Alfred goodbye before leaving.
Just when she wanted to do that, some guests came up to her and greeted her. Roxanne had no
choice but to exchange greetings with them. I’ve missed the perfect opportunity to get out of here.
Seconds later, Lucian and the others had arrived in front of her.
Roxanne kept her head hung low to make herself look as inconspicuous as possible.
First, she heard the man greet Alfred in a deep voice before hearing the latter respond joyfully.
Right after that, she felt the man’s gaze fixate on her.
Roxanne clenched her fists and raised her gaze to look at the man. When Alfred mentioned her to
them, she politely nodded at them.
The whole time, Lucian couldn’t take his eyes off of her.
When Henrietta and Zachary went up to greet him earlier on, Lucian had already noticed Roxanne’s
presence.
When he saw her standing next to Alfred, she looked elegant but slightly disinterested. With the long
white dress on, she looked as graceful as a swan. Although she didn’t put in much effort to dress up,
she was still rather captivating.
On the other hand, she had been avoiding eye contact with him from the moment he showed up.
The more she avoided him, the more Lucian wanted to take a closer look at her facial expression.
Sonya noticed her son was distracted, so she followed his line of sight. Her expression turned grim
when her gaze landed on Roxanne.
###Chapter 158
Roxanne kept silent after she greeted them. Since Alfred didn’t give her a chance to leave, she had no
choice but to stay and listen to their conversation.
Sonya retracted her gaze from Roxanne and looked at Alfred carnestly. “What a blessing it is for the
Queen family now that you’re fine!”
Alfred smiled and nodded before turning toward Roxanne. “It’s all thanks to Dr. Jarvis. Without her, I
would still be bedridden!”
As soon as those words fell, everyone turned to look at Roxanne.
Soon a
Henrietta chimed in, “Indeed, Dr. Jarvis is the Queen family’s savior.”
With those few words, she had directed Sonya and the others’ attention toward Roxanne.
Roxanne furrowed her brows slightly and smiled. “I wouldn’t call myself a savior, though. As a doctor, I
was just doing my job. I’m very glad to have cured Old Mr. Queen.”
Alfred’s admiration toward her grew when he saw how humble she was.
Sonya’s face fell when she noticed Alfred’s attitude toward Roxanne. However, she maintained her
smile and said sarcastically, “Not too shabby for a young doctor like her. We’ve looked for so many
renowned doctors, and none of them succeeded. How surprising.”
Although it seemed like Sonya was praising her, Roxanne could sense the hostility in those words.
Roxanne’s heart sank, and she ignored Sonya.
Aubree wasn’t pleased with how everyone was putting the spotlight on Roxanne. As soon as silence
ensued, she let go of Sonya’s arm and went up to Alfred. In a coquettish tone, she said, “Old. Mr. This text is ? N?velDrama/.Org.
Queen, you’re going to live a long and stress-free life now that you’ve survived the illness!”
Alfred shifted his attention toward her and smiled when he heard that. “Why do you say so?”
“Well, that’s what people say! I know you’re going to live a long life with great prosperity, Old Mr.
Queen!” Aubree smiled.
Alfred was elated when he heard those sweet words. “Thank you! Let’s hope you’re right!”
as
was
With that, he shifted his gaze back toward Roxanne. It was as if he was trying to say that Roxanne
deserved all the credits.
Aubree noticed it, so she purposely pouted and blamed herself when she said, “It’s such a shame I
couldn’t find a doctor as impressive as Dr. Jarvis. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have to suffer for such a
long time, Old Mr. Queen!”
Alfred hurriedly waved his hands in dismissal, and he uttered delightfully, “Why would you say that?
Although I’ve been bedridden all these years, I’m well aware of what was happening around me. All
these years, you’ve gone through hoops to find me so many talented doctors, haven’t you?
I’ll forever remember your kind gestures!”
With her reddened eyes, Aubree answered, “Yet, all the doctors I’ve found were useless..”
Alfred was moved when he saw how caring she was. With a smile on his face, he said, “I know you’re a
good person. You deserve the credit for finding me those doctors for the past years. Otherwise, I
would’ve suffered more.”
Henrietta quickly comforted her as well. “You’ve been very thoughtful, Aubree. In fact, you’ve even
been treating Old Mr. Queen like your own grandpa! We’re very grateful.”
After saying that, she remembered how Lucian had also contributed to curing Alfred over the years.
“Lucian, you too. Thank you,” she added.
In response, Lucian slightly nodded. “We were just doing our duties as the younger generation.”
Hearing that, Henrietta immediately glanced at their outfits and couldn’t help but say, “Good things
come in pairs, right? Since you’ve already been together with Aubree for so many years, I guess we’ll
meet each other again at your engagement party!”
###Chapter 159
Jonathan glanced at Roxanne again when he heard Henrietta mentioning Lucian and Aubree’s
marriage.
At that moment, Roxanne’s eyes were slightly lowered while wearing a faint smile.
Hence, he had no idea what was going through Roxanne’s mind.
was
Throughout the whole time, Frieda’s attention was entirely on Roxanne. Needless to say, she noticed
the slight change of expression on Roxanne’s face when Henrietta mentioned the marriage.
Frieda’s excitement grew when she noticed that. “Indeed! Lucian and Aubree are like a match made in
heaven. Although they aren’t married yet, I bet everyone has long regarded you guys as a
family,” she chimed in.
With that, she threw a hubristic glance at Roxanne.
Since Sonya had been planning for it as well, she smiled and said, “We’ve undoubtedly been delaying
it for way too long. Recently, both sides of the family have been planning to hasten their engagement.
We’ll surely be having a discussion soon.”
Frieda wanted to fan the flames, but Lucian suddenly said, “Old Mr. Queen, since it’s your birthday
banquet, perhaps we shouldn’t talk about my affairs.”
Upon hearing that, Alfred was stunned momentarily before glancing at Lucian and Aubree. These two
must be embarrassed. He then nodded with a smile and changed the topic. Copyright N?v/el/Dra/ma.Org.
After that, the others dared not to mention the matter anymore.
Right then, Roxanne’s anxiousness lessened, and she breathed a sigh of relief inwardly.
However, she was starting to feel out of place when the topics that followed had nothing to do with her.
She was getting annoyed after listening to their conversation for a while more. Hence, she wanted to
find a place to hide and relax.
In between the conversation, Roxanne uttered softly, “Old Mr. Queen, I’m drained. If there’s nothing
else, I would like to get some rest.”
Upon hearing that, Alfred turned toward her worriedly. “What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?”
Roxanne smiled shyly and answered, “Oh, no. It’s just that I’ve been standing in my pair of heels for a
while now. I would like to sit down for a bit.”
Since she wasn’t feeling unwell, Alfred allowed her to leave by nodding at her.
Roxanne politely excused herself from the crowd and turned around to walk toward the corner.
When she was turning away, she could still feel the man’s gaze fixated on her.
Subconsciously, she picked up the pace.
“Old Mr. Queen, please excuse me.” Lucian’s gaze darkened when he saw how many pairs of eyes
lingered on Roxanne when she was walking toward a couch to take a seat.
Alfred was puzzled. “Where are you going?”
Considering the Farwell family’s status in society, it was safe to assume that the prominent figures at
the birthday banquet would approach Lucian to greet him, instead of the other way around.
Hence, Lucian was supposed to wait for the others to take the initiative and greet him.
However, Lucian frowned and struggled to find an excuse for himself.
Sonya read his mind and knew he was eager to look for Roxanne. Displeased, she grabbed his arm
and smiled at him. “There are a few elders over there who are collaborating with our family. Logically
speaking, since you’re here, you should go and greet them.”
Lucian followed her line of sight and saw a few elders who were indeed the Farwell family’s
acquaintances. After some hesitation, he agreed to her request.
Sonya then shot Aubree a glance.
Seeing that, Aubree uttered, “Since I know those elders as well, I was just thinking about greeting
them!”
With that, she followed Lucian from behind with a smile.
Lucian furrowed his brows. Without a reason to chase her away, he had no choice but to let her follow
him.
In the eyes of the public, they looked a lot like a perfect couple.
###Chapter 160
Frieda glanced at the supposedly perfect couple before looking at Roxanne, who was sitting in a
corner. Satisfied, she found an excuse to get away from the other elders.
“Hey! Why are you sitting here all by yourself, Dr. Jarvis?” Material ? N?velDrama.Org.
Roxanne finally managed to find a quiet corner to regain her composure. However, just as her mind
was in a complete mess, she heard the sarcastic question.
When she raised her gaze, she saw Frieda standing in front of her haughtily.
Roxanne knitted her brows and got annoyed when she saw her. Frieda couldn’t stop talking about how
Lucian and Aubree were meant for each other in front of the elders just now. Obviously, she wanted me
to hear all about it.
Never had Roxanne thought that Frieda would look for her, even after she had left the crowd.
Frieda didn’t notice how annoyed she was. Instead, she stared at Roxanne mockingly and gestured for
her to glance at Lucian and Aubree, who were in the crowd. “Do you see that? Lucian and Aubree are
meant to be together, and that’s what everyone thinks. Who do you think you are? Are you jealous
now? Know your place, okay? You’re not worthy of Lucian. Unlike you, Aubree is!”
Roxanne couldn’t help but chuckle coldly when she heard that.
xanne
Frieda frowned and asked, “What’s so funny?”
Roxanne shrugged nonchalantly in response. “It’s nothing. I just find it weird to see such a dedicated
minion!”
Minion? Frieda was stumped. When she came back to her senses, her expression grew vicious. While
pointing at Roxanne, she gritted her teeth and asked, “Who are you calling a minion?”
Roxanne stood up and answered calmly, “Who else was I talking to, if not you? Please stop bragging in
front of me, Ms. Queen. No matter who Lucian is with or meant to be with, it’s none of my business.
Besides, I don’t give a hoot about it. You’ve mentioned them to me so many times, but have you ever
seen me flinch once?’
Perhaps it was because Roxanne had stood up, but Frieda could sense that the person before her
eyes had become more domineering. Flustered, Frieda opened her mouth, but not a single word came
out.
Roxanne smirked and walked up to her. “Hence, stop appearing in front of me and talk about things
that don’t concern me. Do you have any idea how much of an annoyance you are?”
With that, Roxanne walked past her without sparing her another glance.
It took a long while for Frieda to regain her composure. When she did, she was so angry at what
Roxanne said to her. She wanted to throw a tantrum, but Roxanne was already out of her sight.
Roxanne fled pretty quickly because she didn’t want to hear any more of Frieda’s nonsense. In
fact, she didn’t even know how she would react if she were to hear them again.
Since Frieda found her at the spot furthest away from the crowd, Roxanne had no choice but to find a
new quiet spot to have a seat. This time around, she was a lot nearer to the crowd at the banquet
Coincidentally, that spot was just opposite where Lucian was at.
Lucian noticed her presence the moment she appeared in his line of sight. After that, his attention was
on her again.
When Roxanne was just about to enjoy the silence, a figure suddenly appeared in front of her.
“Hi, there. Nice to meet you. May I know which prominent family you’re from?” A rich gentleman
approached her politely.
Roxanne froze momentarily before putting on a faint smile and answered, “I’m sorry, but I’m just a
doctor. I’m not from a prominent family.”
The rich gentleman also froze for a second after hearing that. After that, he quickly smiled and uttered,
“Judging from your demeanor, I thought you’re from a prominent family. Would I be lucky enough to be
your acquaintance? We could be friends.”
###Chapter 161
Roxanne smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry, but I’m not in the mood for that recently.”
Although she rejected him pleasantly, the rich gentleman was slightly disappointed. However, he turned
around and left without forcing his way through.
Finally, she had once again gotten the peace and quiet she longed for.
Just as she was about to gather her emotions, she suddenly heard a familiar voice calling out to her.
“Roxanne? Is that you?”
Hearing that, Roxanne raised her gaze in the direction of the voice. She then saw a charming man in a
grey tuxedo staring at her in bewilderment.
As soon as their eyes met, Roxanne’s eyes lit up. In a surprised tone, she uttered, “Larry? What a
coincidence!”
Larry Morrison was a senior she met abroad. Internationally speaking, he was one of the elites of the
younger generation.
Back then, Larry had helped Roxanne a lot when she had just gone abroad. Therefore, they shared a
pretty good relationship.
When she returned to the country, she was too busy with matters concerning the research institute, so
she never had a chance to reach out to him.
Upon seeing that he had not mistaken someone else for her, Larry put on a bright smile and went up to
Roxanne. “It’s been a long time.”
Roxanne smiled and nodded. “Indeed. When did you come back to the country? Why didn’t you contact N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.
me?”
Larry sized her up and said, “I’ve been back for a fortnight now. I did think of reaching out to you, but I
was afraid that I might disturb you. After not seeing you for so long, you seem to have lost weight. Have
you been busy with work in Chanaea?”
Roxanne simply smiled and answered, “You can say so.”
Although she was busy with the research institute, her workload was nothing compared to when she
was abroad. I’m sure I’ve lost weight because of those three little ones at home. Sull, I shouldn’t reveal
my personal matters to Larry.
Larry looked at her worriedly and said, “I know you’re a workaholic, but you ought to look after yourself.
Don’t tire yourself out.”
Roxanne merely nodded in response.
“By the way, why are you here? Are you already working with Queen Group despite only returning to
the country recently?” Larry asked with a smile.
Roxanne was stunned for a moment upon hearing that. When she remembered who those guests at
the banquet were, she smiled and shook her head. “I’ve only returned to the country recently, so how
could I’ve done that? I was invited because I just happened to have cured Old Mr. Queen’s illness.
However, I guess it’s also right to say that I’m working with the Queen family. They’re our research
institute’s medicine supplier.”
Larry was astonished. “I’ve heard about how bad Old Mr. Queen’s condition was, and a lot of renowned
doctors had failed to cure him. When I heard he was cured, I wondered who the amazing doctor was!
Who would’ve thought it was you?”
Roxanne pressed her lips into a smile. “I was just lucky. It just happens to fall into my area of specialty.”
Larry arched a brow and said, “Stop being so humble, will you? I don’t know about the others, but I
know your capabilities like the back of my hand. However, knowing that you’re the one who cured Old
Mr. Queen, I’m still very impressed.”
“You flatter me too much, Larry.” Roxanne laughed.,
The two of them chatted happily about Alfred’s illness and each other’s medical fields.
Nearby, Lucian saw a man approach Roxanne and left just moments earlier. His gaze darkened when
he saw her talking happily with another man. He was so displeased that everyone nearby could feel the
icy aura he was exuding.
Naturally, Jonathan noticed what was going on, and he could tell why Lucian was displeased. “Lucian,
would you like to go over there and see what’s going on?” he asked.
###Chapter 162
Chapter 162 Their Relationship
After seeing them interacting with each other a few times, Jonathan seemed to have figured something out. At the very least, he had noticed that Lucian's attitude toward Roxanne was far from what he expected.
Jonathan watched as Lucian's gaze followed Roxanne and Larry, his eyes narrowing slightly whenever Larry made Roxanne laugh. It was clear that Lucian was not pleased with the situation, and his discomfort was palpable.
Deciding to probe further, Jonathan casually approached Lucian. "Lucian, it seems like you know Dr. Jarvis quite well. How long have you two known each other?"
Lucian's expression tightened momentarily before he composed himself. "We've known each other for a while. Our paths have crossed professionally on several occasions."
Jonathan nodded thoughtfully. "I see. She seems very accomplished and well-regarded in her field. It's no wonder she's made such an impression on you."
Lucian's jaw clenched slightly at Jonathan's observation, but he merely nodded in response. "Yes, she's very talented."
Jonathan decided to push a little further. "And what about Dr. Morrison? They seem to have a close relationship. Do you know much about him?"
Lucian's eyes darkened at the mention of Larry. "Dr. Morrison is a well-respected colleague of Roxanne's from her time abroad. They worked together on several projects."
Jonathan couldn't help but notice the tension in Lucian's voice. "It must be nice for her to have someone familiar to work with now that she's back."
Lucian's expression remained stoic, but there was a flicker of something in his eyes. "Yes, it's good for her to have support."
Seeing that he had hit a nerve, Jonathan decided to ease off. "Well, it's great to see such talented individuals coming together for the benefit of the medical community. I'm sure their collaboration will yield excellent results."
Lucian nodded curtly, clearly not interested in continuing the conversation. "Indeed."
As the evening progressed, Lucian couldn't shake off the feeling of unease. He found himself watching Roxanne and Larry more closely, his mind racing with thoughts he couldn't quite control.
Roxanne, meanwhile, was oblivious to the tension building in Lucian. She was enjoying catching up with Larry, their conversation flowing easily as they reminisced about their time abroad and discussed their current projects.
At one point, Larry leaned in slightly, his tone more serious. "Roxanne, I wanted to ask you something. Have you thought about collaborating on a research project together? I believe our combined expertise could make a significant impact."
Roxanne's eyes lit up at the suggestion. "That sounds like a wonderful idea, Larry. I'd love to work on a project with you. What did you have in mind?"
Larry smiled, clearly pleased with her enthusiasm. "I have a few ideas, but let's sit down and discuss them in detail. I think we could come up with something truly groundbreaking."
As they continued to talk, Lucian's patience wore thin. He decided he couldn't stand by any longer. With a determined stride, he made his way over to where Roxanne and Larry were standing.
"Roxanne," he interrupted, his voice firm. "May I have a word with you?"
Roxanne looked up, surprised by the interruption. "Of course, Lucian. Excuse me, Larry."
Larry nodded, watching with mild curiosity as Roxanne followed Lucian a short distance away.
Lucian's expression was serious as he looked down at her. "I need to talk to you about something important."
Roxanne's brow furrowed in concern. "What is it, Lucian?"
He hesitated for a moment, searching for the right words. "I've noticed the way you and Dr. Morrison interact. It's clear that you have a close relationship."
Roxanne's eyes widened slightly. "Yes, we do. We've been friends and colleagues for years. Why do you ask?"
Lucian took a deep breath. "I just want to make sure you're aware of how others might perceive it. It's important to maintain a professional image, especially in our field."
Roxanne frowned, sensing that there was more to his concern. "Are you worried about my reputation, Lucian? Or is there something else you're not telling me?"
Lucian's gaze softened slightly, but he remained firm. "I care about your reputation, Roxanne. But more than that, I care about you. I don't want to see you get hurt or misunderstood."
Roxanne's expression softened as she realized the depth of his concern. "I appreciate that, Lucian. But you don't have to worry about Larry and me. We're just friends, and our professional relationship is strictly that."
Lucian nodded, though he still felt a lingering unease. "I trust you, Roxanne. I just want you to be careful."
She smiled gently, reaching out to squeeze his hand reassuringly. "I will, Lucian. Thank you for looking out for me."
As they returned to the group, Lucian couldn't help but feel a sense of relief. He knew that his feelings for Roxanne were growing stronger, and he hoped that one day she would understand just how much she meant to him.
###Chapter 163
Chapter 163
In an instant, the atmosphere between the four stillenied as the eyes of the entire crowd fell on her. 
Roxanne frowned with discomfort. She did not want to interact with Lucian more than was necessary. 
Instead, she turned to Jonathan. “What brings you here, Mr. Queen?” 
Jonathan chuckled after a startled pause. “Il docsn‘t seem very polite to have invited you and then not 
pay attention to you, so I thought I‘d come and have a chat.” 
In the ensuing silence of his proclamation, he shot Lucian a meaningful look. 
The latter appeared indifferent. It was evident that he had no intention of clarifying the matter. 
Jonathan had no choice but to take the blame. 
Roxanne smiled faintly. “I don‘t mind. In fact, I happened to have run into Larry here. As we rarely see 
each other, we have our own catching up to do. Though I appreciate your kindness, there‘s no need for 
you to entertain me.” 
Jonathan choked at her subtle dismissal. He was trying to find another excuse to stay for a chat when 
the sound of a pair of approaching heels drew his attention to it. 
“There you are, Lucian.” Aubree‘s voice rang out. “Your mother has been looking for you. You should 
go see what she wants.” 
Jonathan had no choice but to hold back the excuse he had conceived. 
Lucian frowned but did not leave immediately. The woman behind him had already arrived by his side, 
staring daggers at Roxanne as she approached.
Roxanne felt nauseated at the sight of the couple standing together. “It appears that you have 
something to do. Don‘t let me bother you.” 
With that, she whispered something to Larry, and the pair of them turned to leave. 
Standing beside Lucian, Aubree constantly reminded him that Sonya wanted him, preventing him from 
dissuading Roxanne from leaving. 
“Mrs. Farwell seems to be in a hurry. I‘d better come with you.” Aubree felt her heart turning cold upon 
noticing his gaze lingering on the woman in the distance. In a panic, her reminders increased both in 
urgency and in pitch. 
Already irritable, Lucian turned to give her such a cold glare that Aubree‘s voice sputtered to a halt. 
The next second, the man stalked past her indifferently without even designing to give her another 
glance. 
Aubree was stunned for a few seconds before she regained her composure and marched quickly in his 
wake with gritted teeth. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne and Larry found a quiet corner to sit at. 
Larry could not stop himself from asking, “What‘s going on between you and Mr. Farwell, Roxanne?” 
Roxanne smiled. “There‘s nothing going on. We met by chance.” 
WO 
However, Larry‘s gaze appeared doubtful. “Really? I thought you two were planning to get back 
together.” 
The hostility emanating from Lucian earlier was fresh in his mind.
Roxanne did not expect him to have such a misleading sense of intuition. “How could that be?” she 
exclaimed sarcastically. “Weren‘t you paying attention? His fiancée was next to him.” 
Larry was about to ask another question, but Roxanne made her refusal to discuss the subject plain by 
changing it bluntly. “Let‘s talk about something else. Where were we?” 
She was referring to their topic of conversation before Jonathan‘s arrival. 
Obliging her wishes, Larry did not ask any further. He resumed their conversation about medicine from 
where they left off. 
As both were leaders in the field, they soon left private matters behind and were engaged in an exciting 
discourse. 
Roxanne was initially resigned to a dreary evening spent at the birthday banquet, but Larry‘s 
appearance made her attendance worthwhile after all. 
However, she was beginning to grow anxious when the banquet did not show any signs of ending 
despite it being already ten at night. 
The three children at home, especially Essie, were waiting up for her. The little girl had only been able 
to fall asleep for the past few nights under coaxing. She might have difficulty falling asleep if Roxanne 
was not there with her. 
Al that alarming thought, Roxanne hurriedly ended the conversation with Larry before rising to say 
goodbye to Alfred.
###Chapter 164
Chapter 164
Jonathan’s parents and Sonya were with Alfred. After Lucian learned that he had been summoned for 
no apparent reason, he was just about to leave when Roxanne and Larry appeared in single file. 
“If there’s nothing else, Mr. Queen, I’d like to return as the children are waiting for me.” Roxanne 
politely bid him farewell. 
Henrietta was a little surprised. “Leaving so soon? It’s only halfway through the dinner party. Stay a 
little longer!” 
Roxanne smiled apologetically, “Maybe another time. I’m worried about the children at home.” 
Everyone present knew that she had two children. Thus, they decided to oblige her insistence. 
Alfred beckoned Jonathan over. “I’m worried about Dr. Jarvis returning home alone this time of night. 
Give her a ride.” 
The next moment, Jonathan turned to examine Lucian’s expression. 
Taking his lack of displeasure as a sign of consent, Jonathan was about to obey his grandfather when 
Larry’s voice rang out. “Don’t bother yourself. I have to get home early to attend an online seminar 
that’s starting soon. I can drop Roxanne off on my way home.” 
Jonathan felt a tangible drop in the air pressure around him when Larry spoke. Clearing his throat, he 
was about to reclaim his errand when another cold voice cut across him. 
“I don’t mind sending Ms. Jarvis home on your behalf, Mr. Morrison, seeing as you are so busy with 
work.” As if addressing the crowd was not enough, Lucian then slowed down his speech to ensure that 
every word of his was caught. “Just as well, too. I can drop by Ms. Jarvis’ to see my daughter.”
Everybody present was stunned in an instant, with Sonya and Aubree appearing crestfallen. 
They had made arrangements for Lucian to attend the banquet with Aubree in an endeavor to spend 
romantic time together. 
Moreover, their public appearance would imply that their wedding was imminent to the guests present. 
Lucian’s declaration of sending Roxanne home, and the mention of his daughter, felt like a slap to their 
faces. 
Aubree turned pale. Clenching her fists to restrain herself, she was dangerously close to losing her 
temper. 
“Your daughter?” Larry was puzzled. What does Lucian’s daughter have to do with Roxanne? 
Lucian was indifferent to the reaction he had caused. “My daughter has been staying at Ms. Jarvis for 
the past two days. Is there a problem with me stopping by to see her?” 
He did not lower his voice, and his words reached the ears of the surrounding guests. 
A chorus of discussion and gossip erupted after a short silence. 
Aubree did not expect Lucian to be that blatant. Her face turned ashen as she listened to the 
discussion around her. Clenching her jaw, she lowered her head to avoid the guests’ curious eyes. 
The elders of the Queen family were also very surprised. 
They were aware of what Estella meant to Lucian. Therefore, they were surprised to learn how Lucian 
and Roxanne were close to the extent of having Estella entrusted in her care. 
It sounds as if Estella has been living with Roxanne for a while.
That was news to Jonathan, too. As shocked as he was, he felt he should have seen it coming. Upon 
second thought, he decided to remain silent. 
In an instant, the atmosphere among the crowd became very strange. 
Equally shocked, Roxanne bit her lip in secret anxiety as she tried to calm herself down. 
While the crowd was more surprised that Estella was living with her, Roxanne was more concerned 
about the fact that Lucian had announced it so outrightly. 
What’s going on here? 
Racking her brains for something to say, she intended to defuse the palpable tension in the air. 
Before she could, somebody grabbed her wrist. 
“Weren’t you in a hurry? Let’s get going!” 
Lucian’s cold voice sounded in her ears before the grip on her wrist tightened. 
Roxanne regained her senses abruptly and was forced to abandon her notion. She only had time to 
utter a hasty goodbye to Alfred before being dragged away by Lucian.
###Chapter 165
Chapter 165
Grabbed by the wrist, Roxanne was almost forcibly pulled out of the banquet in plain sight of the crowd. 
She tried to break free several times, but the man’s grip was tight enough to dissuade such an attempt. 
It was not until they arrived outside that the grip on her wrist slackened. 
Roxanne pulled away with a grimace and took several steps back to distance herself from him. “Thank 
you for your kindness, but I can drive home on my own. There’s no need to bother you, Mr. Farwell, to 
see me personally home. Your mother and fiancée are still inside. You should get back in there and 
accompany them.” 
At that, she started toward the manor’s gate while avoiding him. 
Initially planning to slip out and return on her own, Roxanne did not expect the situation to escalate to 
such a degree. She still could not believe that Lucian was capable of such a feat 
Roxanne’s mind was a mess. All she wanted was some quiet to herself. 
WAS 
II 
Wd 
As soon as she strode past Lucian, he caught her wrist again in a grip even tighter than before. 
Roxanne stopped in her tracks. Suppressing the turmoil in her heart, she looked at the figure beside 
her with as much calm as she could muster. “Is there anything else, Mr. Farwell?” 
Frowning, Lucian found only apathy in her eyes. A trace of displeasure crossed his heart at the thought 
of her smile when she was conversing with Larry. “As I said, I want to see my daughter. Dropping you 
off happens to be en route for me. I want my daughter to sleep early, so please stop wasting time and 
get in the car.” 
“I drove here,” Roxanne insisted. “And Catalina is watching them at home. You can go ahead, Mr. 
Farwell.” 
His stern face darkened further at her repeated rejections while his eyes filled with anger at her 
defiance. “You had a couple of drinks earlier tonight, if I recall correctly. Are you planning to be charged 
with driving under the influence?” 
Roxanne frowned instead of answering immediately. 
Before she could respond, Lucian grabbed her wrist and took her to the side of the car. 
Roxanne could not break free nor refute his reason, 
He wants to see his daughter, so he’s not going out of his way to send me home. I would look like a 
churlish, self-indulgent idiot if I refused him again. Besides, he is right. I did have two drinks at the 
banquet. 
Cayden was already holding the car door for them when the couple arrived, though Roxanne was still 
somewhat reluctant. 
“Weren’t you in a hurry to go home?” Lucian demanded. “Or was that an excuse for not wanting to stay 
at the banquet?” 
Roxanne had no choice but to get in without further delay. 
Lucian followed closely behind and sat beside her. She silently moved to the window to distance herself 
from him, wearing an uncomfortable glower as she did’so. 
The journey back was spent in complete silence as neither of them spoke a word. Cayden tried his best 
to diminish his presence by making his movements as noiseless as possible. 
The car was dead silent, 
Lucian’s eyes darkened at the sight of the woman’s profile through the reflection on the car window. 
She was wearing a smile when she spoke to the man at the dinner party earlier. In my presence, she’s 
wearing such an expression instead. 
The more he pondered the matter, the more it stung. Unable to bear the silence any longer, he cleared 
his throat. “Who is that Mr. Morrison to you? He mentioned that you know each other well.” 
Roxanne froze for a moment at the sudden question before glancing at him coldly. “I don’t think it’s any 
of your business.” 
She withdrew her gaze indifferently before turning to look out the window, with obvious intent not to
speak again. 
The car lapsed once more into silence. 
The chill emanating from Lucian was almost tangible. 
Cayden wished he was anywhere else but in that car. He even breathed carefully for fear of attracting 
the attention of his two passengers.
###Chapter 166
Chapter 166
At long last, the car arrived at the gate of Roxanne’s house. 
Almost eagerly. Cayden stepped on the brakes before stumbling out of the car to open the door for the 
couple seated at the back. Only upon seeing their figures enter the villa did he finally breathe a long 
sigh of relief. 
For some reason, the atmosphere is never pleasant whenever Mr. Farwell spends time with Ms. Jarvis. 
“Mommy! You’re back!” 
As soon as Roxanne walked through the door, the three children greeted her with lovely smiles. 
It was the first time they saw Roxanne’s outfit. “You look so pretty tonight, Mommy,” Benny said 
sweetly. 
Roxanne’s mood improved when she saw the three children, and she beamed at his compliment. 
“Thank you, my dear.” 
Archie was about to add something when he saw another figure entering through the door. 
Though the corners of his mouth turned downward after he recognized the figure, he still politely 
greeted his guest, albeit somewhat distantly. “Hello, Mr. Farwell.” 
The sound of his brother’s voice drew Benny’s attention to the person behind his mother. A look of 
anticipation flashed in his eyes as he greeted the man obediently. 
Lucian nodded curtly to the two boys. 
Despite his claims of coming for Estella, Lucian’s gaze merely swept over the girl before landing on 
Roxanne again. 
Archie and Benny smelled the alcohol by that point and looked at their mother with concern. “Have you 
been drinking, Mommy? Does your head hurt?” 
Roxanne smiled warmly. “Not at all. I’ve only had a little.” 
Despite her assurance, the two boys remained uneasy. 
Archie ran to the medical kit for the hangover pills while Benny thoughtfully poured a glass of water and 
placed it on the coffee table. Estella quickly joined in and helped Roxanne to the couch, 
With the meticulous care provided by the three children, Roxanne forgot all about the negativity she 
had encountered earlier that evening. 
As he watched his mother gulp down the hangover pills, Archie hesitated for a moment before turning 
to the man who was still standing at the door. “Did you drink as well?” 
Lucian raised his brow slightly. “A little.” 
Archie looked at the tablets in his hand and then at the man at the door. He walked over hesitantly. 
“Would you like one?” 
Lucian’s deep gaze warmed slightly as he leaned over to accept the boy’s offer. “Thank you.” 
Archie merely pursed his lips without responding. 
He then returned to Roxanne’s side after putting the hangover pills back. Roxanne was busy fretting 
over the children, caressing the heads of each one in turn. “What have you three been up to tonight?” 
Excited to answer the question, Benny grabbed Roxanne’s arm to help her up. The latter rose to her 
feet curiously and followed him to the carpet. 
In its center stood a fairytale castle nearly one meter tall, made of Lego. 
Benny ran over proudly. “We finished building the castle!” 
Archie and Estella shared in his excitement. 
Roxanne examined it for several minutes, her eyes full of surprise. 
When Estella arrived under her care, it occurred to Roxanne that the little girl may not enjoy her sons’ 
toys. That was why she decided to get them something they could work on together. The Lego set was 
only purchased a week ago. 
Despite the project containing a total of over twenty thousand pieces of Lego bricks, the children 
finished it remarkably quickly. 
“You kids are amazing!” Roxanne exclaimed, grinning, 
The children glowed at her praise. 
Estella ran to the side of the model as fast as her short legs could carry her and pointed to a small 
room on the left side of the castle with a stubby finger. She then turned to look at Roxanne with bright 
eyes that were full of anticipation.
###Chapter 167
Chapter 167
Mission To Remarry 
Roxanne was a little confused by the little girl’s actions. 
The boys had been intcracung with Estella long enough that they knew what she meant by observing 
her expressions and gestures. On the other hand, it remained an elusive task for Roxanne 
Estella was becoming anxious at Roxanne’s prolonged confusion. Once more, she pointed to the room 
and then to herself while pouting. 
Roxanne was more bewildered than ever. 
“Essie means to tell you that she assembled that part, Mommy,” Archie explained. 
Comprehension dawned on Roxanne’s face au last. Smiling so broadly that her eyes were crinkled, 
she gushed, “That’s a lot of bricks, Estella! Great job!” 
Estella’s eyes sparkled at the compliment from the beautiful woman she held in such high regard. As 
she turned to look at her father, her little face shone with similar excitement. 
The four of them got along well together. Lucian knew what it meant when he suddenly met the 
expectant look of his daughter, though he could not think of any words of praise of his own except to 
give her an approving nod. “Well done, Essie.” 
Estella smiled so broadly that her dimples deepened. 
Lucian’s eyes darkened a little at his daughter’s delight. He could feel a confused torrent of emotions 
welling up within him.
It is obvious that Essie is happier with Roxanne. I’ve never seen her smile this much. 
Despite spending all night completing a Lego palace, Benny was not satisfied. He grabbed his mother’s 
hand coyly. “This castle was too simple, Mommy. Could you get us something more difficult?” 
Roxanne glanced at Estella hesitantly. She was just about to suggest that the two boys accommodate 
Estella when Benny added, “Essie is also very good at Lego. She’s going to catch up to Archie and 
me!” 
Roxanne stared at Archie in disbelief, who nodded vigorously in allestation. 
Meanwhile, Estella patted her chest confidently, her face full of anticipation. 
Roxanne did not need any more convincing. “All righi. I’ll get you a new set tomorrow.” 
Exhilaration shone on the faces of the three children. Archie and Benny delved at once into detailed 
and long-winded specifics of the model they wanted. 
Standing by the door, Lucian watched the four of them enjoying themselves. He remained silent for a 
long time. 
It was close to midnight when he spoke again. After suggesting that the children be tucked in, Lucian 
bid them farewell. 
Roxanne was only too glad about his departure; she only put up with his presence for Estella’s sake. 
After the door shut behind him, she took Estella to the door to watch him leave. 
Lucian seethed throughout his journey home. 
Upon arriving, he furrowed his brows at the sight of a figure seated on his couch. 
“So you still remembered to come home, huh?” Sonya reprimanded in displeasure.
Intending to take the opportunity to have Lucian come to terms with his marriage with Aubree, Sonya 
was scandalized to witness her son offer Roxanne a ride home in plain sight. Their intimacy also 
irritated her. 
Though Sonya could not conceal her displeasure after her son’s abrupt departure, she managed to 
hold on until the banquet ended before rushing over immediately. 
Initially, she thought that Lucian would have been back at so late an hour. She did not expect to wait for 
over another hour before seeing him. 
What did the two of them do at Roxanne’s house for over an hour? 
Sonya’s face contorted with rage at that thought. 
Lucian felt a similar dislike for his mother’s behavior that night. “What can I do for you this late at night, 
Mom?” he asked coldly. 
Sonya’s scowl deepened. “Can’t your mother drop by in her free time? Are you aware of how 
embarrassed Aubree was after you left? Outrageous behavior!” 
Aubree again. 
Lucian’s coldness bordered on hosulity by that point. “I’ve told you before. Stay out of my business. I 
can handle them myself. If there is nothing else, you can see yourself out.” 
Without another word, he went upstairs.
###Chapter 168
Chapter 168
Meanwhile, Aubrce had returned to the Pearson residence with her parents, 
The three retained a grim expression all along their way back. 
Upon stepping foot into the house, Aubrce kicked off the heels on her feet. 
Gina had wanted to comfort lier, but before she could, the latter already strode upstairs with a sullen 
look on her face. 
What followed next was an ear-shattering door slam. 
Looks like she’s really mad. 
Upstairs, Aubree clenched her fists tightly after slamming the door shut. She was trembling in rage as 
the voices of the crowd at the dinner party rang in her ears. 
You’d think that her marriage with Mr. Farwell is finally happening given how arrogant she is, but who 
knew… 
Didn’t the Pearson family rely on the Farwell family to get to where they are today? Just look at Mr. 
Farwell; I’m sure the Pearsons will have a hard time in the future! 
Alas, it was all for nothing after waiting for that long. Hah! What a joke! 
Ever since Lucian took Roxanne with him and left in front of everybody, those guests started treating 
Aubree in a different way- from politeness at the beginning to mockery and disdain. They could not be 
bothered with her feelings and would even gossip about her while she was present at the scene.
Within a few minutes, she had turned from the future Mrs. Farwell, whom everybody was envious of in 
Horington, to the crowd’s laughing stock! 
Displeasure built up within her at the thought of her initial motive of attending the dinner party. 
She had wanted to make Roxanne acknowledge her own status. Little did she expect that Lucian would 
actually embarrass her in front of so many people. 
I’m sure after tonight, Horington’s high society will definitely spread rumors about how the engagement 
between Lucian and me has fallen through! My efforts have all become futile because of that woman! 
With that thought in mind, her expression turned downright vicious, and she swept across the table in 
rage, sending everything Ilying to the ground. 
It’s all that b*tch’s fault! If not for her, things wouldn’t have come to where it is today! I won’t let her off 
that easily! 
Downstairs, Gina and Samuel could clearly hear the commotion coming from Aubree’s room. 
“It’s too much!” Gina could not help but grumbie, “What did Lucian mean by that? He left Aubree 
behind while so many people were watching. How are the others going to think of us?” 
Samuel’s face turned red with rage. “He obviously doesn’t give a d*mn about us!” 
While the couple was fuming and the racket in the room continued, Roxanne was clueless about the 
incident between the two families. 
As she had consumed some alcohol at the dinner party, coupled with her interaction with Lucian along 
the way back, she was feeling worn out and thus headed to bed early after playing with the kids for a 
short while.
In the early morning, Estella’s motions jolted Roxanne awake. She groggily got up to carry her and lay 
for a while longer before she felt much more awake. 
By the time she headed downstairs after helping Estella wash up, Catalina had already finished 
preparing breakfast. Archie And Benny were already seated downstairs as well. 
At the sight of Roxanne coming down while holding hands with Estella, the two kids stared at her as 
they asked earnestly, “Mommy, do you have a headache?” 
Along with Estella, Roxanne sat beside the two boys and shook her head, smiling: “Thanks to you boys 
for bringing me the pills last night, my head doesn’t hurt at all.” 
Archie and Benny heaved a sigh of relief when they heard those words. 
Following that, Roxanne had breakfast with the three children. 
Right then, the doorbell rang. 
Roxanne got up to open the door, and a frown crept up her face as the door. “It’s so early. Is anything 
the matter?”. 
A tall and slender Lucian stood in front of the door and tilted his body slightly to reveal a line of 
bodyguards behind him. Every one of them was carrying a large box.
###Chapter 169
Chapter 169
Mission To Remarry 
Seeing thosc bodyguards grasping onto the boxcs lightly without any expression, Roxanne was 
overwhemed with puzzleinent. “This is…” 
Lucian responded, “Lego. I heard the kids saying they wanted to play with it yesterday, so I got my 
assistant to buy some for them in the middle of the night. There are also some challenging puzzles 
inside. I tunk they will like it.” 
Roxanne was promptly at a loss. 
She then shifted her gaze back to those cold-looking, muscular bodyguards. Somehow, she thought 
the vibe they gave off did not match what they were holding in their hands. 
“Let them send the boxes in first.” Lucian gestured for the bodyguards to head inside the house. 
Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds before she moved aside for those men to put the boxes down. 
Concurrently, when the three children in the dining area heard the noises, they immediately ran out. 
Archie and Benny’s eyes lit up as they stood next to the boxes, staring at them intently. 
On the other hand, Estella twirled around Lucian once before she went up to her brothers and followed 
what they were doing. 
Wonderstruck by what was before him, Benny pestered Roxanne to open the boxes for them. 
He had never expected that there would be Lego right in the house that morning when he had only 
asked for it the night before.
Moreover, there were also limited edition puzzles that he had wanted but dared not ask Roxanne to buy 
as they were too expensive. And to his surprise, they were inside those boxes too! 
Even Archie could no longer contain his excitement. 
“Are these for us?” Benny looked at the man at the door, his eyes gleaming with joy. 
Lucian nodded quietly in response. 
As soon as Benny received the man’s atlirmation, he cheered in a sweet voice and smiled brightly. 
“Thank you, Mr. Farwell!” 
Archie, in contrast, was slightly more reserved. He curled the comers of his lips upward as he thanked 
the man. 
“I’m happy to know that you guys love it,” Lucian said with a nod. 
Their interaction caused Roxanne’s forehead to crease as worry began to surge inside her. 
Lucian thought she did not like him giving presents to the kids without informing her 
beforchand, so he casually mentioned, “Estclla loves these toys too. The three of you can play together.” 
In other words, he was implying that those gifts were for her daughter, and Archie and Benny were 
merely basking in her glory. 
Hearing him say that, Roxanne had no choice but to acquiesce to leaving those toys behind. 
Having completed his mission, Lucian did not stay for longer and hurried to the office.
Roxanne briefly put away the boxes and headed for the research institute after leaving the kids in 
Pippa’s care at the school. 
As soon as she entered the office, her phone rang. 
When Roxanne saw the caller ID on the screen, her eyes lit up, and she immediately answered the call 
with a smile. 
On the other end of the call, Harvey’s casual voice sounded. “Are you busy?” 
Roxanne shook her head. “No. I just arrived at work. Is anything the matter? It’s been a long time since 
you called me.” 
Since her return to the country, the two had barely contacted each other. Most of the time, Roxanne 
would be the one calling him to report to him on the progress at the research institute. And because 
Harvey was usually busy with research, his replies were normally curt. 
This was the first time Harvey actually called her. 
“Indeed, there’s something I need your help with.” Harvey went straight to the point. “There’s a project 
that I need you to follow up with its research and development. I’ll forward you the details in a while. 
Take a look at it.” 
Having learned that it was about work matters, Roxanne agreed readily. 
The two had a brief chat about that project before she concernedly tried to find out about Harvey’s 
return. “When are you coming back? Let me pick you up.” 
Harvey looked at his schedule and replied, “Probably not that soon. I’ll let you know before I return. 
Roxanne acknowledged with a curt reply.
###Chapter 170
Chapter 170
Mission To Remarry 
Sunce Alfred‘s treatment had come to an end, all that was required next was to prescribe him 
medicauon regularly and remind him to take the pills on ume. 
As such, there was no need for Roxanne to bicad over to the Qucon residence now and then. And non 
that she had plenty of unc, she spent almost the whole day at the research institute, either handling 
miscellaneous work or heading to the rescarch facility and joining the other researchers in the 
research. 
As Colby had been working as her assistant while she was overseas previously, he continued helping 
her. Needless to say, the two had a great rapport. 
That particular day, the two walked out of the research facility earlier than usual as they had finally 
achieved a breakthrough in their research. 
Colby suggested, “Since we‘ve been so busy for the past few days, why don‘t we have a meal together 
to celebrate?” 
Roxanne glanced at the time and apologized, “Let‘s do it another day. I still have to pick my kids 
up.” 
It did not seem proper for Colby to insist since Roxanne had given that reason. And so, the two left the 
research institute and went in separate ways. 
Upon getung into the car, Roxanne‘s phone rang again. This time, it was a call from Larry.
“What is it, Larry?” 
Lary‘s gentle voice rang out from the other end of the line. “Do you have time later? We haven‘t had 
time to meet up after coming back here. I wonder if I have the honor of having you join me 
for a meal, Dr. Jarvis?” 
Just as Roxanne wanted to use the same excuse she had given Colby earlier, Larry interrupted, “I‘ve 
booked a restaurant and am only waiting for you to come over.” 
Hearing that, she swallowed her words back. 
It was true that she was in a rush to pick up the three children, but since Larry was so adamant about 
having a meal with her, she reckoned it would be inappropriate if she refused any further. 
Besides, Larry had offered her a lot of help when she was abroad. No matter what, it did not seem right 
for her to leave the man all by himself. 
“All right. Where are you? I‘ll head over now.” Eventually, she accepted his invitation. 
At once, Larry gave her the restaurant‘s name and location, almost as though he knew her answer beforehand. 
Roxanne promptly agreed. 
After concluding the call, she made another call to Catalina, asking the latter to help pick the 
Tour 
children up trom the kindergarten. With that, she changed her route and headed toward the address 
Larry provided her.
By the ume she arrived, Larry had already waited for her for quite some time. 
At the sight of Roxanne, he waved and beckoned her over. Hurrying over and siling down in the seat 
opposite his, she said apologetically, “Sorry for the wait.” 
Larry smiled. “No worries. Did I disturb you while you were at work earlier?” 
Back when they were overseas, Roxanne would often forget about the time because of work. At times, 
she would even stay up the entire night for work. 
Roxanne giggled while shaking her head. “No. I just happened to have ended work earlier today.” 
Having said that, she beckoned the waiter and turned to Larry. “Let me treat you to a meal today since 
I‘m late. Besides, I returned earlier than you, so we‘ll treat this as a welcoming feast for you.” 
Larry readily agreed, “Well then, don‘t mind if I do.” 
Afier ordering some food, the two began chating about work and gradually became engrossed in the conversation. 
Al that moment, the restaurant manager marched in, leading a group of people behind him. 
Surrounded by men, Lucian had to uli his head every so often to listen to them talk. 
As he happened to turn in a direction, he spotted a familiar silhouelle siling at a table by the window. 
His face instantly darkened when he took a second look at the two figures chauing happily. 
“Mr. Farwell?” Baffled, someone in the group called him afier noucing that he suddenly stopped in his 
tracks.
Lucian‘s brows scrunched up as he slowly withdrew his gaze and followed the crowd into a private 
room.
###Chapter 171
Chapter 171
As if she sensed a pair of frosty eyes staring in her direction, Roxanne turned to observe her 
surroundings in puzzlement. Nonetheless, she did not spot anything strange. 
“What’s wrong?” Larry asked in a concerned tone as he noticed the change in her expression. 
Roxanne merely retracted her gaze and shook her head, though appearing a little apprehensive. “It’s 
nothing.” 
As much as she had said that, she seemed to be in her own world throughout the rest of the meal. 
She knew that the burning gaze she felt carlier was not only her imagination. Yet, she could not find its 
source. 
Only after finishing the meal did she reluctantly put her suspicions aside, 
Like a gentleman, Larry proposed, “It’s late. Let me send you back home.” 
However, Roxanne turned him down politely, “There’s no need. I drove here myself, so I better not 
trouble you.” 
Hence, Larry had no choice but to respect her decision. 
The two made their way out while chatting happily, and only after watching her get into her car did he 
head to his and drive out of the parking lot slowly. 
Conversely, Roxanne had just fastened her seat belt and was about to start the car when someone 
abruptly pulled open the door on the passenger side. 
Then in came a man exuding a chilly aura from head to toe.
Roxanne jolted in alarm and froze in her movement but still instinctively looked in the direction of the 
passenger scat. 
After getting a good look at the person’s face, the scowl on her face deepened. “What are you doing. 
Mr. Farwell?” 
Devoid of expression, Lucian shut the car door. “Nothing. My car has broken down. And coincidentally, 
I happened to see you here. Please drive me back, Ms. Jarvis.” 
The chilling aura surrounding his body was almost palpable. 
Well aware how the atmosphere would only become tenser if she continued probing, Roxanne 
ultimately staried the engine without uttering another word. 
Throughout the ride, the car was dead silent. 
Lucian locked his deep gaze on the woman next to him, his brows tightly knitted together. She’s 
o close with that dude… And they even met up just now. The way they interacted carlier inade it sem 
like they are a couple… 
At this point, Lucian could no longer hold his curiosity back and broke the silence. “That guy… Is he 
Archie and Benny’s father?” 
Roxanne was instantly stumped, unable to believe what she had heard. I wonder how did he get to that 
conclusion? 
Her reaction made Lucian’s frown deepen as he asked again, “It’s him?” 
When she finally recovered from her trance, Roxanne replied in annoyance, “You’re overthinking 
things.”
However, the man’s tone remained displeased. “Then are you intending to let him become Archie and 
Benny’s father?” 
Roxanne was even more dumbfounded. “I’m not. It’s true that I’m close to Larry, but please don’t make 
such baseless assumptions, Mr. Farwell. That will cause unnecessary trouble for others.” 
Lucian stared at her with a scrutinizing gaze, and his grave expression lightened up a little. “If that’s the 
case, you might want to be considerate of your children and perhaps keep your distance from other 
men, Ms. Jarvis.” 
In truth, Roxanne had found the man a little weird since he got into the car earlier. At this point, even 
the words he said made her feel slightly uncomfortable. 
Hmm… why does he sound like he’s being sarcastic and trying to imply something? 
Their brief conversation had already left Roxanne feeling annoyed, and her patience ran out after she 
heard his last sentence. “Mr. Farwell, what rights do you have to say that? Do you think you’re doing 
fine in that aspect?” 
Lucian cognized the irony in her statement and furrowed his brows slightly. 
Roxanne gradually stopped her car and turned her gaze toward the man beside her. “Before you poke 
your nose into someone else’s business, please mind yourself first, Mr. Farwell!” 
“What did I do wrongly?” Lucian’s face turned even grimmer
###Chapter 172
Chapter 172
The cars in the front started moving again, so Roxanne lifted her leg from the brakes and set her eyes on the road.
Everything felt even more ironic when she recalled Lucian's expression. "Aren't you engaged to Ms. Pearson? Don't you feel that it's inappropriate to be so close to me because of Essie?"
Besides, he doesn't even know who Essie's biological mother is.
The more she dwelled on the matter, the more outrageous she thought he was.
How dare he nag me?
Lucian didn't expect her to bring Estella up, so he looked a little conflicted and replied ambiguously, "That's not the same thing."
After all, Estella was her daughter.
She sneered, "What's different? Besides, we have no other connection other than Essie, and we're not even friends. It's my right to decide who I wish to be friends with. It has nothing to do with you. Don't you think you're being a little too controlling?"
As soon as she said that, the temperature in the car dropped.
Lucian's expression darkened as he stared into the distance. After that, he didn't say anything else during the entire trip.
Similarly, Roxanne pursed her lips tightly, and her mind was all over the place while she had the same expression on her face as Lucian.
Both of them stayed silent for the rest of their journey.
Lucian didn't tell her where he wanted to go, so she drove back to her home.
Without waiting for him to say anything, she opened the car door and got out of the car.
Seconds later, Lucian got out of the passenger seat too.
"Since Essie's condition is basically stabilized now, it's not very appropriate for her to keep staying here. Mr. Farwell, if it's convenient for you, you should bring her back." Roxanne had considered it throughout the journey. Despite her reluctance to be separated from Estella, Roxanne made that decision in the end.
She was a little tired of the fact that Lucian would go to her house once every few days because Estella was staying with her.
I've told him clearly from the beginning when we first met that we're already strangers, but lately, he kept showing up in front of me and even did that during Old Mr. Queen's birthday banquet. I'm really confused. What's our relationship right now, anyway? Besides, it's obvious that Archie and Benny, especially Benny, have gotten closer to him.
Benny had already taken a liking to him at the beginning. Moreover, the last two times Lucian gave Benny and Archie gifts made them even more fond of him. As such, Roxanne was afraid that Benny would tell Lucian everything about her one day.
With Lucian's intelligence, he would definitely find out that Archie and Benny were his when the time came.
Roxanne didn't even dare to think about what would happen after that.
There was still no response from Luclan after some time, so she added, "Besides, it seems that Mrs. Farwell doesn't want Essie to stay with me..."
She didn't know why, but she felt that Lucian was staring at her with a strange look in his eyes.
Unbidden, she stopped talking.
Lucian gave Roxanne one last glance before he walked away without saying anything.
Seeing his disappearing silhouette, she opened her mouth. Instead of saying anything, she let out a quiet sigh before turning around and walking into the mansion.
Once she got into the mansion, Archie, Benny, and Estella pounced on her happily.
Roxanne squatted down out of habit, spread her arms, and the three of them jumped in for a hug.
As Roxanne felt the warmth in her arms and took in the sweet scent of the three children, her heart melted instantly. She tightened her hug and pulled them closer to her as her worries disappeared.
###Chapter 173
Chapter 173
Mission To Remarry 
“I‘m sorry. Something came up at night, so I couldn‘t fetch you, Ilave you calon yet?” Roxanne asked 
gently in concern as she released the three children. 
Archie, Benny, and Estella nodded obediently. “Yeah! We‘ve eaten! We have been playing for a long 
time!” 
She secretly sighed with relief when she heard that. After that, she stood up. “What were you playing? 
Show me.” 
Benny dashed toward the living room excitedly. “We were playing with the Lego bricks that Mr. Farwell 
gave us! It‘s really fun!” 
On the other hand, Archie and Estella stayed by Roxanne‘s side. She was holding hands with the 
children, with one at each side as she watched Benny with a smile on her face. 
Obviously, the Lego bricks that Lucian had given them met their expectations in terms of the design 
and level of difficulty, and they loved the gift. 
In just one night, the three children had already made a base. 
However, no matter how Roxanne looked at it, that Lego set seemed boyish to her. 
She looked at Estella with concern in her eyes. “Essie, do you like this toy?” 
Estella‘s eyes lit up as she nodded fervently. 
As long as I can play with Archie and Benny, I‘m fine with playing anything!
Seeing that, Roxanne felt relieved. After taking a look at the time, she played with them for a while 
more since it was still early. 
Archie and Benny were used to playing Lego with her, so each of them started to build their models 
seriously. Roxanne also decided to make something after she selected a model. 
When she was looking for a piece, she felt someone lug the hem of her sunt twice. 
Roxanne turned around in confusion and saw Estella looking at her with a pitful and helpless look. The 
little girl was holding a picture with the building instructions as she pointed at one of the pieces in it. 
It was obvious that she couldn‘t find the piece she wanted 
Roxanne smiled in adoration. Just as she was about to help Estella look for the piece together, she 
remembered how the latter had spoken last time. 
If Roxanne had guessed it correctly, Estella would only occasionally utter one or two words when she 
was emotional. 
Thinking of that, Roxanne pretended to look confusedly at Estella. “What‘s wrong?” 
Estella pointed at the piece in the picture again and again, but Roxanne continued to stare at her in 
confusion. 
After some time, Estella got anxious and pouted. 
Roxanne‘s heart softened at that, and she caressed Estella‘s head. “If you want me to do something, 
you should say it out loud and tell me.” 
Estella blinked innocently as she opened her mouth. 
Roxanne thought that she was about to say something, so she looked at the latter expectantly.
Estella seemed to be trying hard, but after a few attempts, not a single word came out of her mouth. 
Feeling discouraged, she poked Archie and Benny, who were concentrating on building their models. 
Since Archie and Benny had spent some time building the models together with Estella, they could tell 
what she meant based on her movements. When they wanted to help her out, they saw that Roxanne 
was shaking her head at them behind Estella. 
Seeing that, Archie and Benny obediently sat back down again despite not knowing what Roxanne was 
trying to do. 
Roxanne said again patiently, “Essie can speak, right? Come on. Tell us. What do you want us to do?” 
Archie and Benny understood her intentions and nodded in response. “Essie, what‘s the matter?” 
All three of them looked at Estella expectantly. 
Estella sensed their anticipation, so she tried hard to speak until her face flushed red, but still, no words 
came out of her mouth. 
After some time, she began to panic and felt aggrieved. Soon, her eyes reddened. 
Roxanne had been observing Estella‘s expression the entire time. Seeing that, she quickly caressed 
Estella‘s cheeks and apologized, “I‘m sorry, Essie. I was rushing things. Let‘s take it slow, Essie. 
Shhh… Don‘t cry. Don‘t cry.” 
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny had already found the piece that Estella wanted from the pile of Lego 
pieces, and they happily showed it to her with their outstretched hands. “Essie, look! Is this what you 
wanted? We found it for you!” 
She took it from them with a sniffle before she smiled again gradually.
###Chapter 174
Chapter 174
Mission To Remarry 
The next morning, Roxanne and the three kids had breakfast together 
Estella sat beside her quictly and allowed the boys to feed her. Fler cheeks pulled up adorably as 
though she were a chipmunk. 
Roxanne felt her heart sofien at the sight of the obedient little girl. She also felt bad for her. 
I believe Essie wanted to talk last night. 
With that thought in mind, she gazed at Estella affectionately. “Essie, do you want some buns?” 
Estella nodded eagerly. 
Roxanne picked up a bun but didn‘t place it on Estella‘s plate. She said, “If you want, tell me in words.” 
Estella blinked, seemingly stumped by her request. 
Roxanne‘s brows furrowed in disappointment. “If you don‘t talk, I might not understand what you want. 
That way, I’ll worry that I can‘t take care of 
you. Essie, can you get used to talking? Don‘t worry, I‘ll help you. We can do it slowly.” 
Hearing her words, Archie and Benny placed their forks down. “Let‘s do it together! We want to hear 
Essie talk, too!“. 
As their expectant gazes fell on Estella, she glanced at each and every one of them. Her fists balled up 
as she forced herself to grunt, “Mm!”
Roxanne and the boys were pleasantly delighted by her soft and adorable voice. Their eyes lit up in 
surprise. 
I was just trying my luck and didn‘t expect Estella to talk for real! 
Despite wanting more, Roxanne knew she shouldn‘t be impatient. She stroked Estella‘s hair adoringly 
before placing the bun on her plate. 
Estellatio n to learn that she could tak, 100. She was still bearing joviully when Ruxanne opedihemi olla 
llie kindergarten 
“Essie, youre in a jovial mood today, huh?” l‘ippa romarked when she saw Explla‘s precious grin. 
Estella beamed at her and nodded happily, 
Benny chimed in, “We‘re helping her to learn how to talk!” 
Pippa assumed they were joking around. After all, she had taught Estella for some ume but never 
heard Estolla talk. 
However, Archie and Benny took the matter seriously. They were even discussing how to push Estella 
to talk during class. 
In between classes, Estella went to them as usual so they could play together. 
Nevertheless, Archie wasn‘t his usual self. He frowned and demanded, “What do you want from us?” 
Puzzled, Estella whipped her head around to look at Benny. 
I want to play with Archie and Benny! We play together every day, right? 
Benny added sternly, “Hurry up and tell us what you want. Archie and I are busy!”
Both of them were obviously treating her coldly. Estella recalled how she followed them everywhere 
back when they first came and how they ignored her. She really enjoyed playing with them recently, so 
she grew flustered and grabbed the pencil and paper on Benny‘s table so she could write her thoughts 
out. 
To her surprise, Archie pocketed the pencil. “Talk to us. Otherwise, we won‘t know what you mean.” 
Estella gripped the corner of the desk sadly. 
“Didn‘t you promise Mommy this morning that you‘ll learn how to talk slowly?” Benny gazed at her. “If 
you can‘t talk, you can call our names. 
We‘ve been calling your name, Essie, but you‘ve never said our names!” 
Estella parted her lips but nothing came out of her mouth. She grew anxious and was about to burst 
into tears. 
Seeing that, Archie and Benny gave her the pencil instead of forcing her to talk. 
However, for the next few days, the two boys grew distant from her at home and at the kindergarten. 
Every time Estella came to them, Benny would huff angrily, “We treated you well, but you wouldn‘t even 
call our names! We‘re going to ignore you!” 
Estella was devastated.
###Chapter 175
Chapter 175
Mission To Remarry 
For the next few days, Esiella played with Roxanne at home but had no playmates at the kindergarten. 
She could only watch as Archie and Benny played with the other children and ignored her entirely. 
Finally, she plucked up her courage to run to them. 
The boys shared a look and put on stern expressions. “What do you want?” 
Estella clutched the corners of her skirt until it was all crumpled up. Her brows snapped together as she 
stared at them solemnly. Parting her lips, she tried to make a sound. 
Archie and Benny were both worried and anxious. 
If they had no idea she could actually talk, they wouldn‘t be forcing her to talk now. 
A while later, they were about to give up when they heard a tiny whisper, “Arch… Ben…” 
Estella‘s cheeks were flushed, but she only managed to utter a syllable from each of their names. She 
hung her head low despondently. 
Both Archie and Benny were elated. They gave her a hug and exclaimed, “Good job, Essie!” 
Estella was taken aback by their sudden hug. Hearing their praises, she snapped back to reality and 
broke into a smile. 
After the first try, it was easier for her to pronounce their names.
As she seemed to have overcome an obstacle, Archie said solemnly, “Mommy treats you well, and you 
adore her, too. Am I right? But you‘ve never called her name. I believe she‘s way more upset than 
Benny and me.” 
Estella grew flustered once again. She grabbed Archie‘s shirt and said, “Arch… ie!” 
She wanted him to teach her how to comfort Roxanne 
A cunning look flashed across Archie‘s eyes as he explained slowly, “You called our names, so we‘ve 
forgiven you. If you can call Mommy Ms. Jarvis, she‘ll be delighted!” 
Estella nodded vigorously. 
She then spent the entire day at kindergarten practicing the word “Ms. Jarvis.” 
Roxanne was really busy these few days. 
The project Harvey handed her was urgent and challenging. He might‘ve informed her about the 
details, but there was still stuff he missed. 
Thus, Roxanne and her team had to figure out those by themselves. 
This was the first time she got to work with most of the researchers in the research institute. They 
weren‘t familiar with each other, and thus their project was behind schedule. 
Fortunately, Colby was around to help her catch up. 
By the time the first phase was completed, Roxanne was depleted of energy. 
She glanced at her watch and realized Catalina should‘ve picked the kids up from kindergarten already. 
Thus, Roxanne drove back home to prepare dinner for them.
Shortly after, the door to the mansion was pushed open. A series of footsteps sounded followed by 
Archie and Benny‘s chatter. 
“Mrs. Farwell?” Catalina was about to head into the kitchen when she saw Roxanne inside. “Why are 
you back early today?” 
Roxanne shot her a smile. “I got off work earlier than usual today. Dinner‘s almost ready. Please help 
them wash their hands, and we can eat soon!” 
The kids ran into the kitchen and surrounded her. 
Benny began telling her stories about his day in kindergarten. 
Roxanne‘s exhaustion faded into thin air as she took in their smiling faces. 
“Miss!” An adorable voice rang out after Benny was done talking. 
Stunned, Roxanne lowered her head to look at Estella, who was standing beside her. 
Estella was hugging her leg and staring at her intently. The little girl‘s lips were still parted. 
Once their gazes met, she repeated slowly, “Miss!” 
It took Roxanne a while before she regained her composure. Squatting down, she flung her arms 
around the little girl and replied happily, “Yes, I‘m here! That sounds amazing, Essie!” 
Tears threatened to escape her eyes. 
After taking care of Estella for a while, she was already treating the little girl as her own daughter. 
When she heard Estella doing her best to address her as “Ms. Jarvis,” she was transported back to the 
day when Archie and Benny learned how to call her “Mommy.”
###Chapter 176
Chapter 176
Mission To Remarry 
Despite being busy at work, Lucian would show up at Roxanne‘s door every day. 
His mind kept replaying the scene where Roxanne met Larry and how she questioned him harshly. 
After their argument, Roxanne even suggested he bring Estella back with him. Thus, Lucian only dared 
to observe the four of them from afar instead of showing up before Roxanne. 
Estella was becoming livelier day by day. Lucian assumed it was because she adored Roxanne. He 
had no idea she was starting to talk now. 
Meanwhile, Aubree appeared at the Farwell Group‘s building when it was time to get off work. 
“I‘m sorry, Ms. Pearson. Mr. Farwell just left.” Cayden reminded her when he saw her pressing the 
elevator button to head to the CEO‘s office. He had just got off work. 
Hearing that, Aubree knitted her brows. “Where is he?” 
Cayden shot her a professional smile. “I don‘t know his schedule after work. If you‘re curious, you‘re 
welcome to call him and ask him where he is.” 
He gave her a polite bow and turned to leave. 
When the elevator doors slid shut before her, Aubree bit her lip. A wave of fury crashed through her. 
Even though Lucian humiliated her in public and made her the laughingstock of the upper–class 
society, she refused to give up just yet.
These few days, she didn‘t stop contacting Lucian in hopes that he would change his mind. 
If Lucian were to change his mind and confirm their wedding date, the rumors would be scotched. 
That was the only way. There was nothing else she could do to turn the tables for now., 
Aubree was bitterly disappointed after her constant tries to contact bim were met with cold rebukes. 
After the incident at the birthday party, Lucian didn‘t bother comforting the Pearson family. Instead, he 
got all wrapped up in Roxanne. 
There was no need to call Lucian, for Aubree knew he was obviously with that wicked woman. 
With that thought in mind, Aubree pushed the elevator button and marched out. 
Back at the Pearson residence, she saw Samuel and Gina in the living room. 
When she came in, they were about to ask whether she got to meet Lucian when they noticed her 
expression. Comprehension dawned on them. “Lucian isn‘t around again?” 
For the past few days, Aubree and her parents tried to meet Lucian but to no avail. The man refused to 
spare them any time. 
Aubree went to him a few times, but he refused her entry. 
Infuriated, Aubree tossed her bag to the floor. “It‘s all that b*tch‘s fault! What exactly is so great about 
her?” 
Gina frowned. “Did Lucian go to her again?” 
Aubree plopped into the seat next to them furiously. “Duh! Everyone‘s saying that he‘s going to marry 
Roxanne. I‘m just a gold–digger who clings to him shamelessly. He doesn‘t even want me even if I offer
him everything!” 
Gina and Samuel shared a look, 
They had heard this rumor, too. However, just like Aubree, they assumed the rumor would be scotched 
once Lucian agreed to the wedding. 
Alas, things weren‘t going their way. 
Gina patted Aubree‘s back in a comforting manner. “No matter what, we‘ll get his explanation soon. 
Calm down.” | 
“You‘re asking me to calm down? If we wait any longer, that b*tch will marry him soon!” Aubree 
declared as a crazed look appeared on her face. 
Despite her fury, Gina remained calm. “What Lucian wants may not be what the Farwells want. Didn‘t 
you see how his mother held a prejudice toward that woman previously?” she reminded Aubree. 
Aubree calmed down slightly. “Are you saying that…” 
“Let‘s pay the Farwell residence a visit,” Gina stated coolly.
###Chapter 177
Chapter 177
The three of them discussed briefly before agreeing to invite Sonya and her husband to dinner at The 
Waterfront that night. 
When Sonya and Elias arrived, Aubree’s family was already waiting in the private room. Aubree hung 
her head low, seemingly despondent, while her parents wore grim expressions. 
When they walked into the room, Aubree lifted her head and forced out a smile. “Hello, Mr. and Mrs. 
Farwell.” 
Her smile slipped soon after as though she was nursing a grievance. 
Sonya was puzzled. “Aubree, what’s the matter? Did someone bully you? Tell me about it.” 
Gina’s voice rang out. “She’s upset because of the rumors circulating outside. People are accusing 
Aubree of being a gold-digger, so she’s been crying for the past few days.” 
Aubree immediately refuted, “No, I know Lucian doesn’t mean it. I’ve heard of the rumors, but I didn’t 
take them to heart…” 
She trailed off as her eyes turned red. 
Gina shot her a resigned and worried look. “You’ve remained by Lucian’s side these few years, so we 
know your feelings. But the outsiders have no idea. If Lucian…” 
She paused and lowered her voice, “If Lucian loves you, he won’t allow you to suffer. He can ignore 
your plight, but I can’t! Listen to me. It’s time to break up with him.” 
Sonya and Elias heard their exchange clearly.
Sonya’s brows snapped together as she demanded, “What’s going on? Is it about the rumor? I’ll deal 
with the rumor right away!” 
Gina let out a bitter chuckle and raised her head. “How are you going to handle the matter? Everyone 
in Horinglon knows about it. They claim that Aubree and Lucian’s engagement is only Aubree’s wishful 
thinking. Lucian doesn’t have any intention of marrying her. They also claim that our family depended 
on your family to climb up the ranks. Now that Lucian has a new lover, and their engagemeni hasn’t 
been announced, they are saying that Aubree is holding Lucian back.” 
“That’s utter nonsense!” Sonya’s face darkened. 
Gina’s lips twitched. “They’re right. For the past few years, it was Aubree who remained by Lucian’s 
side. We’re the only ones who know about the engagement. We’ve received a lot from Lucian. As he 
isn’t interested in Aubree, we shouldn’t hold him back.” 
She shot her daughter a distressed look. “Aubree still… Well, I’ve advised her for a couple of days, but 
she couldn’t bring herself to break up with him. As her mother, it breaks my heart to see people 
gossiping about her. It’s better to just get the pain over with, rather than prolong the agony. I’ll decide 
on behalf of her today to break cif their engagement.” 
Aubree hung her head low and trembled slightly. 
No one could see her expression, but it was pretty obvious that she was devastated. 
Sonya had no idea they would suddenly ask to break off the engagement. Her expression changed 
drastically as she declared, “Impossible! Lucian and Aubree have been engaged for years. How could 
we call off the engagement just like that?” 
“This is the only way to quell the rumors,” Gina explained bitterly. “Don’t worry. I’ll tell Aubree to forget 
him so she could find her own happiness.”
Silence ensued. A moment later, Sonya said icily, “There’s another solution.” 
Before Gina could say anything, Sonya took her bag and rose to her feet. “Aubree is the only daughter- 
in-law I’ll acknowledge. Don’t worry. I’ll handle the matter personally!” 
With that said, she spun on her heels and strode away without looking back.
###Chapter 178
Chapter 178
Inside the private room, Aubrre raiseu her locad slowly. There were no signs of cars on her face. 
“Just you wait!” Gina announced smugly 
Besides calling off the engagement, the only other way to quell the rumors was to arrange for the 
wedding! 
She was contident that Sonya shares her sentiments, 
The next morning, Lucian arrived at his office and noticed Cavaden was acting strangely 
“What’s wrong” Lucian was batlle, 
Cavdien hesitated for a momenu before blurring out. “Mi Barwell, you and Ms. Pearson…” 
“What about me and her:” Lucian’s brows turtowe 
Sensing his contusion, Cavien added circully: “Are you really going to get engaged to her?” 
Atier saying that, Cavden lowered luis gaze hastily 
Early this morning, he heard about the rumors saving his employer was finally going to get engaged 
with lubroc. 
The public was kept out of the loop, bui Cayden had been working for Lucian for some time. Ilc saw 
firsthand how close Lucian and Roxanne Worc lle also know that Lucian didn’t harbor any fcclings for 
Aubrec. Even 10 m outsider like him, it was obvious that Aubree’s feelings were one sided.
For the past six years, Lucian refused to get engaged to Aubree but suddenly grecato il without 
warning: 
Naturally, that struck Cayden as strange. 
Lucian’s expression turned dark instantly. “Where did you hear it from?” 
Hearing his employer’s fury, Cayden promptly knew what was going on. He replied solemnly, 
“Everyone’s talking about it. It was also published in a few morning papers.” 
He pulled his phone out and showed Lucian the news that was published online. 
Farwell Group and Pearson Group: A Marriage of Convenience! The Farwells and Pearsons’ Marriage 
Alliance Finally Coming Through Six Years Later! 
Lucian’s gaze swept over the various news captions online. There were also comments praising that he 
and Aubree were the perfect couple. 
At once, the surrounding temperature dropped. Find out who was the one who released the news!” 
The discussion went wild just after one night. 
I must find out who the h*ll dares to make an issue over my matter! 
Clearly, the culprit didn’t bother concealing his or her identity. 
Less than an hour later, Cayden went to Lucian’s office to report his findings. 
Lucian’s heart sank when he noticed Cayden’s expression. 
“Mr. Farwell, it was the chairman who gave the orders,” Cayden reported cautiously.
He was shocked to learn that it was Lucian’s father behind the matter. In fact, it was the chairman’s 
assistant who contacted various media outlets and ordered them to release the news by dawn. 
Hence, a few media outlets had to hold back the news that was supposed to be published today so 
they could report about the marriage of convenience. 
It only took one morning for the news to be splashed all over the headlines. 
Almost everyone in Horington was gossiping about the matter. 
Lucian stiffened momentarily before regaining his composure to nod. His face was devoid of 
expression as he said, “Got it. You may leave now.” 
Cayden nodded. Realizing that Lucian was in a foul mood, he walked out of the office and shut the 
door quietly. 
Inside his office, Lucian strode over to the window and stared out, feeling conflicted. 
For the past six years, his parents kept reminding him to get married to Aubree, but he would always 
brush them off. 
Thus, he assumed they understood his intentions. 
Alas, they ended up going against his wishes and announced the engagement to the outside world 
after urging him for six whole years.
###Chapter 179
Chapter 179
A long while later, he took out his phone to call his father. 
The call connected quickly. 
“What is it, Lucian?” Elias didn’t head to work today and was currently enjoying breakfast. After 
answering his son’s call, he cast Sonya, who was sitting across from him, a look. 
Sonya knew why her son had called. She took the phone from Elias. 
Elias allowed her to take his phone from him without complaining. 
Not knowing anything, Lucian asked sternly, “Were you the one who released the news about the 
engagement?” 
Cayden had investigated the matter, but Lucian still wanted to hear Elias admit to it in person. 
To his surprise, his mother’s voice sounded on the other end of the line instead. 
“It was my idea. What’s wrong about it?” Sonya responded nonchalantly. 
CTT 
Lucian stiffened as his brows snapped together. “Why didn’t you ask for my opinion? This is my 
business. Besides, I’ve told you not to interfere. I have my own plans.” 
Recalling what the Pearsons told her last night, Sonya scowled unhappily. “What other plans can you 
have? Are you going to ignore Aubree forever? Aubree has been the talk of the town no thanks to what 
you did. Did you handle the matter? Is that part of your plan?” 
Lucian felt an incoming headache. “How can you be sure that I didn’t take action?” 
He had learned of the rumors that spread like wildfire after leaving with Roxanne under the crowd’s 
watchful eyes. 
Even though he disliked Aubree, he owed her grandfather a favor. Thus, he 
wasn’t about to ignore the matter. 
Before he could take action, things took a twist. He was dragged into the mess, too. 
Lucian was caught off guard. 
“That doesn’t matter. This is the only way we can quell the rumors!” Sonya declared, her tone allowing
no room for negotiation. “You’re the reason the rumors started, so you’ll be the one to end them. 
Aubree has been with you for years, so you should bear responsibility by making her your wife. I 
announced your engagement on behalf of you. There’s nothing wrong with that.” 
Massaging his temples, Lucian tried hard to tamp down his irritation. “You know I have no intention of 
marrying her! I’m pretty sure you know Essie’s condition well. She never liked Aubree. A few days later, 
Aubree even struck Essie. You’re now asking Essie to accept the fact that Aubree’s going to be her 
mother. Have you ever considered Essie’s feelings?” 
Sonya was unfazed. “Essie didn’t like Aubree as they didn’t get to spend time together. Anyway, 
Aubree knew she was too harsh in punishing Essie. She knows her mistake now. You’re going to get 
married soon, so Essie will need to accept Aubree no matter what. They get to spend more time 
together if she accepts Aubree earlier.” 
She didn’t wait for Lucian to respond and added, “If you’re not planning on marrying Aubree, are you 
going to marry Roxanne instead? No matter what, I won’t agree to let her enter our family yet again! I 
wouldn’t have allowed Essie to stay with her for the time being if you hadn’t told me that she could help 
Essie’s condition. That was my biggest compromise!” 
Lucian said naught a word. 
“Essie should’ve recovered by now. You should bring her back so she can spend more time with 
Aubree,” Sonya ordered. “Also, remind Roxanne to not harbor any notions. I will never allow her to 
marry into the Farwell family for the second time!” 
With that said, she ended the call. 
Lucian’s expression scrunched up at once.
###Chapter 180
Chapter 180
Roxanne would always switch on the TV in the morning so she could listen to the news during 
breakfast with the kids. 
“The news of the marriage of convenience between Farwell Group and Pearson Group has lasted six 
years. Recently, they’ve finally agreed to set a date for the engagement,” the male newscaster 
reported. 
Roxanne’s hand paused midair. She fell silent for a few moments before resuming her action 
nonchalantly. 
Archie and Benny promptly lost their appetite as their smiles crumbled. 
When they were overseas, they were curious and excited to find out who their daddy was. 
After coming back to Chanaea, they were upset to learn that he had a daughter. They despised him for 
abandoning Roxanne. 
However, after spending some time with him, they realized he wasn’t as bad as they assumed. On the 
contrary, he was a caring man. 
Despite not knowing they were his sons, he treated them patiently and would give them gifts. 
They were about to accept him when the news of his marriage was announced. 
Thus, their impression of him hit rock bottom once again. 
Daddy’s a bad guy! He treats us nicely but is planning on marrying another woman. He should’ve 
stayed away from us! 
Estella’s gaze dimmed when she heard the news. 
I don’t like Ms. Pearson. She’s an evil woman. I want Ms. Jarvis to be my mommy. Daddy promised 
that he won’t allow Ms. Pearson to be my mommy. Why did he break his promise? Does he not love 
me anymore? 
Estella was crestfallen. 
Sensing the change in her emotions, Roxanne frowned and asked, “What’s wrong, Essie?” 
Estella pouted unhappily. “Sad.” 
For the past few days, Estella learned how to utter simple words to express her feelings following 
Roxanne and the boys’ efforts. 
Roxanne’s confusion heightened. “Why are you sad? Can you tell me about 
it?” 
Estella hung her head low and toyed with her fingers ruefully. 
I want Ms. Jarvis to be my mommy, but I don’t think she likes Daddy. Daddy’s a bad guy. How could he 
marry the bad lady? 
The three kids sulked unhappily throughout breakfast. Roxanne was exasperated when she realized 
they were sulking. 
After breakfast, instead of playing Legos together on the carpet, the kids trudged upstairs together. 
Roxanne knew they were upset after learning the news, but she couldn’t figure out why. 
Besides, her thoughts were also a tangled mess. She wasn’t in the mood to guess their thoughts. 
Six years later, Lucian is getting engaged to Aubree. His wish is finally coming true. 
She was lost in her thoughts when the doorbell rang. 
Roxanne snapped out of her reverie and went to open the door. 
The sight of the visitor gave her a huge shock. It took her a few seconds to regain her composure. 
“Why are you here?” 
The person mentioned in the news was standing at her door. He was dressed in a thin shirt, and his 
hair was slightly messy. 
After their previous fight, she knew Lucian would often come to visit. 
However, he was tactful enough to not show himself before her. 
This was the first time they met in person after the fight. 
After hearing the news earlier, Roxanne had no idea how she should face him.
###Chapter 181
Chapter 181
As the newscaster’s sound could be heard faintly, Lucian knew Roxanne should’ve heard about his 
engagement. He studied her carefully but realized she seemed calm. 
Shortly after, he broke the silence. “I’m here to pay Essie a visit. How is she doing?” 
Roxanne stepped aside to allow him entry. “She’s upstairs. I need to talk to you about her.” 
They entered the living room one after another. Roxanne gestured for him to take a seat on the couch 
while she occupied a single couch aside. 
Catalina served them coffee and left after realizing they had something to discuss. 
“What is it?” Lucian’s heart sank when he noticed her expression. 
Roxanne revealed calmly, “I agreed to let Essie stay here temporarily because of her condition. She is 
doing better these few days. She is also starting to talk. Compared to her past self, she has improved a 
lot. There is no need for her to remain here.” 
She was telling him to bring Estella back home. 
Lucian’s expression turned grim. “Since she’s improving a lot here, she might recover completely if she 
stays here. If it doesn’t trouble you—” 
Roxanne interjected swiftly, “I’m sorry. Essie’s your daughter, so I believe she’ll recover faster if she 
stays with you. I’m just a stranger to her, after all.” 
Lucian’s brows puckered when he realized she was determined. “Why the sudden decision? I thought 
you were taking care of her well?” 
Roxanne met his gaze and flashed a sarcastic grin. “I’m not obliged to take care of someone else’s 
daughter. Previously, I agreed to take care of her as she was sick. I’ve done what I could. Mr. Farwell, 
you should know when to stop. We’re not even related, so you shouldn’t force me to take care of your 
daughter.” 
Glancing at the TV, which was still playing the news, she added icily. “Besides, I don’t want to get 
involved with a married man and risk getting accused of being a homewrecker one day.” 
Lucian gazed at the TV silently. He couldn’t utter a single word in rebuttal. 
Since he did not deny it, Roxanne assumed she was right. Her voice grew frosty. “I’ve been busy with 
work recently, and taking care of your daughter will merely add to my burden. I don’t want to force 
myself, so please don’t make things difficult for me and bring her back as soon as possible.” 
Roxanne’s face was devoid of expression as she said that out loud. Averting her gaze, she said 
nothing else as her nails dug into her palms 
She only made up her mind hastily after Lucian arrived. 
Lucian is about to marry Aubree. If Essie remains here, he’ll often show up. That is not right. It’s best to 
keep a distance from him rather than cause a misunderstanding in the future. 
Sensing her intention, Lucian frowned. “Didn’t you say that the kids are innocent?” 
Without flinching, Roxanne replied, “I won’t stop Archie and Benny from being friends with Essie. Essie 
is welcome to play with them anytime.” 
Still, I’ll do my best to avoid Lucian.
###Chapter 182
Chapter 182
The silence lasted for a while, but eventually, Lucian broke it. “As you wish.” 
Roxanne nodded and walked up the stairs to get Estella. 
All three kids were hanging out in Archie and Benny’s room at the time. Everyone was upset, and the 
atmosphere in the room was grim. 
Archie and Benny were playing with their respective robot toys, whereas Estella had buried her head 
into her plush toy’s tummy. All three were immersed in their own worlds. 
When they heard the door opening, all three of them unanimously shifted their attention toward the 
door. 
Roxanne softened her stance when she looked into their eyes. However, she later thought about the 
man waiting downstairs and became resolute again. She said calmly, “Essie, your dad is here to pick 
you up.” 
All three kids were stunned to hear that. 
Estella, in particular, bulged her eyes that were shining with confusion while she hugged her plush toy, 
not moving a muscle. 
Roxanne looked down as she repeated stiftly, “Your dad is waiting downstairs, so hurry along now.” 
After saying all that, she moved to the side and waited quietly by the door. 
“Ms. Jarvis…” murmured Estella. Her voice suggested that she was a little scared and extremely 
reluctant to leave. 
Roxanne forced herself to look away from the kid’s face. She did not dare to say a word because she 
worried that she would ask the kid to stay the second her lips parted. 
It took some time before the kid finally made her way to the door. 
Roxanne couldn’t help stroking her hair, then held her hand as they walked down the stairs together. 
Lucian had already gotten up from the couch by then, and he had one hand in his pocket as he stood in 
the middle of the living room. It seemed like he was ready to take Estella away as soon as she showed 
up. 
Roxanne held Estella’s hand until they were off the last step. After that, she spoke in a sweet voice, 
“Go on, then.” 
Having said that, she let go of Estella’s hand. 
Estella stared at her father, then at the beautiful lady beside her. The kid’s eyes shone with 
dissatisfaction and reluctance. She only took two steps forward before she suddenly turned back 
around and hugged Roxanne’s leg tightly, refusing to let go. 
Roxanne’s heart melted and turned into a messy mush as she reached out her hand. At first, she 
wanted to stroke Estella’s head to offer her some comfort, but her hand stopped midair before it 
reached for Estella’s hands and gently pried them away from her leg. “Be good and go home with your 
dad. I will be very busy in the coming days, and you know that.” 
As if she sensed something amiss about the situation, Estella used her tiny hands to grab Roxanne’s 
skirt and shook her head fervently. “No! No going home!” 
Lucian frowned a little when he heard what the kid said. At the same time, his eyes gleamed with 
surprise and a hint of bitterness. 
She needs her mother so badly, but that woman has no intention of taking care of her… 
Roxanne shifted her gaze to the man standing right there and prayed that he would say something. 
However, Lucian merely stood there with a stoic expression. He stared at the two of them but seemed 
to have no intention of helping at all. 
Roxanne retracted her gaze when she saw that, following which, she crouched down to look at 
Estella’s cute face. 
Tears filled up Estella’s eyes as she pouted aggrievedly and looked at Roxanne longingly. “I want to 
stay with you!” 
Roxanne’s gaze softened upon hearing that. At the end of the day, she couldn’t bear to see the kid 
crying, so she patiently cooed, “Be good, Essie. I know you like me. I enjoy spending time with you too, 
but I have been really busy and tired lately. If you wish to help me, then be good and go home with your 
dad, okay?” 
“I want to stay with Ms. Jarvis…” murmured Estella stubbornly as she bit her 
lip. 
There’s no saying if I can see Ms. Jarvis again if I go home with Daddy now… 
When Roxanne looked into Estella’s eyes, she realized what the kid was thinking, and for a minute 
there, Roxanne didn’t know what to say. 
She remained quiet for a few minutes before she smiled and said sweetly, “I will always be here, and 
you can drop by anytime you want, okay?” 
However, Estella didn’t quite buy those words. 
Meanwhile, Lucian misread the situation and thought that Roxanne only said those words to chase 
Estella away. Hence, he sternly reminded, “Estella Farwell, have you forgotten that this is not your 
home?” 
Estella slowly lowered her head before turning around and walking to her father right away.
###Chapter 183
Chapter 183
With that, the door to the mansion slowly closed, and Estella‘s tiny figure was gone from Roxanne‘s 
sight. 
Missing the little girl dearly, Roxanne took a deep breath and forced her tears back in. 
They had spent quite some time together, and the kid had obviously grown fond of her and the boys. 
On top of that, her illness showed evident signs of improvement 
If at all possible, Roxanne wished that she could continue to stay with Estella and take care of the latter 
until she had completely recovered. How I wish I could hear her say a full sentence… 
Unfortunately, it seemed that was no longer possible. 
As Archie and Benny walked down the stairs after Roxanne and Estella, the boys could tell that their 
mother was sad to send Estella away. Although they, too, felt the same, they kept their words to 
themselves. 
When they saw how saddened their mother was, they snuggled up in her arms and promised, “Don‘t be 
sad, Mommy. We promise we will always be with you.” 
Roxanne hugged the cuddly kids in her embrace, and her heart slowly became filled with warmth once 
more. 
Although she was reluctant to part with Estella, her challenging job made it impossible for her to deal 
with other matters as she was preoccupied with her work every day. 
On that fateful day, Roxanne followed her routine and left the research facility when it was time to pick 
up her kids from kindergarten.
When she was on her way, she received a call from Larry. 
Roxanne picked up the call. “Hi Larry, what‘s up?” 
Larry sounded a little troubled when he spoke on the other end of the line, 
“Are you free to talk? I‘d like to ask for a favor.” 
Roxanne could tell that something was off, so she agreed to help him without hesitation, “Ask away.” 
Larry replied, “It‘s easier if we talk in person. I‘ll send you a location later. Let‘s meet there.” 
Roxanne agreed to meet up and hung up the call. After that, she sped up and drove quickly to the 
kindergarten to pick up her kids. Upon dropping them off at her home, she asked her friend to babysit 
them, then hurried off to meet Larry at the restaurant he picked. 
Larry was already there when she arrived, and he had a grim expression on his face. 
“Sorry for asking you to come here out of the blue,” said Larry when he saw her sitting down. 
Roxanne didn‘t mind, so she grinned. “It‘s fine. I‘m free tonight anyway. So, what do you need my help 
for?” 
While they were talking, a server showed up to serve their dishes so that they could eat while they 
chatted. 
“Initially, I planned to only stay here for a short while, but an elderly member of my extended family 
suddenly developed an illness in his brain. I‘m the only medical practitioner in the family, so I stayed 
behind to help out,” said Larry. “I‘ve read his medical file, and he needs a craniotomy. Unfortunately, he 
is getting too old, and the risk involved is rather high. 
The success rate is only 20%”
They both worked in the healthcare industry, so Larry could explain the patient‘s situation in a few short 
sentences. 
Those few words also allowed Roxanne to understand what Larry wanted her help with. 
“We worked together on several occasions when we were living overseas, and of all the doctors I know, 
you are the most skilled one in this field. That is why I was hoping.” Larry trailed off as he became 
hesitant. 
After all, craniotomy was a difficult and risky procedure, so the surgeon performing the task would have 
to endure tremendous stress. 
Roxanne had no obligation and didn‘t need to take a risk like that. 
Nevertheless, she understood that Larry was worried about her being burdened by the risk involved. 
Hence, she didn‘t bother waiting for him to finish his sentence and immediately said, “Where is the 
patient now? If possible, I think I should go check his condition in person. It‘s as you said. I specialize in 
this field, so I might be able to come up with another solution. Who knows? Maybe we can avoid 
surgery entirely.” 
Larry was still pondering how to finish his sentence when her words prompted a bewildered glint to 
flash past his eyes. 
D–Did she agree to help out just like that?
###Chapter 184
Chapter 184
“If it’s fine with you, I can free up some time tomorrow and drop by the hospital to examine the patient,” 
suggested Roxanne after she thought about her work schedule for the next few days. 
Larry came back around and quickly nodded. “Okay, then I’ll be counting on you. If you ever need 
anything in the future, please feel free to let me know.” 
Roxanne grinned. “It’s fine. You’ve helped me a lot while we were living overseas. Besides, it is our 
duty as doctors to help the sick. Since you believe that I can do this, there’s no reason for me to back 
down.” 
The two of them chatted a little longer before they settled on a time for Roxanne to visit her patient. 
On the following afternoon, Roxanne finished up her work at the research institute and went to meet up 
with Larry right away at the entrance of the hospital. 
“I spoke to the rest of my family, so I will be the only one staying overnight here. You don’t need to feel 
pressured at all,” said Larry. He then led her to the hospital room. 
Lying on the sickbed was an elderly man whose hair had been shaved. He was still unconscious at the 
time. 
He had gotten ill suddenly, so the color on his face hadn’t faded yet. That was why he looked as though 
he was an ordinary elderly man who was simply sleeping. 
“Are you Janet?” asked the medical experts in the room, who were in charge of treating the elderly 
man. 
Larry had shared Roxanne’s alias with the others before he even dropped by. Those medical experts 
had long heard about the renowned Janet, and they were surprised to see such a young woman 
standing behind Larry. Most of them even wondered if there was something wrong with their eyes. 
Roxanne nodded slightly, then turned her attention to the patient. “Sorry, 
but now’s not the time to exchange pleasantries. Please tell me more about the patient’s condition. 
Also, please allow me to perform a few examinations.” 
The medical experts turned to Larry to get his approval when they saw how professionally she acted. 
Larry nodded in response. 
With his approval, the medical experts quickly helped Roxanne. They showed her the patient’s medical 
report and helped her perform some examinations. 
They worked for hours before Roxanne finally had the full picture of her patient’s condition. She 
couldn’t help feeling disheartened by what she had learned 
Unfortunately, she had to admit that the patient’s case was tough, even for someone as skilled as 
herself. 
“What do you think? Can you help him?” asked Larry in a concerned tone. 
Roxanne’s expression turned grim. “I need some time to figure this out. He can hold out for two more 
days, and I will use that time to hold a conference to discuss his condition.” 
Larry trusted her, so he nodded and agreed to let her work her magic. 
Roxanne ended up spending most of her time at the hospital over the next two days. 
She discussed the matter with a few domestic experts who were renowned in that field. After that, she 
came up with a new medical proposal, but even then, the chances of success were only forty percent. 
On the day of the surgery, Roxanne dropped her kids off at the kindergarten early in the morning. She 
hurried to the hospital immediately after to confirm the surgical procedure with the other experts. The 
preparation for the surgery was done following that. 
The surgery would begin at one o’clock in the afternoon, and if everything went smoothly, the entire 
process would take about five or six hours. That 
would give her just enough time to go pick up her kids. 
Roxanne’s confidence caused her to dismiss the idea of asking Lysa to pick up the kids. 
Soon, it was one o’clock, and the surgery began officially. 
Roxanne and the other medical experts worked diligently as they operated on the patient. 
Everyone was going all out to make this case one of the forty percent of cases that ended in success. 
Unfortunately, their patient truly was too old, and an unexpected complication arose during the surgery. 
The medical experts had never dealt with anything like that before, so they panicked for a minute there. 
Roxanne was worried as well, but she forced herself to calm down and continued operating on her 
patient.
###Chapter 185
Chapter 185
Before she even knew it, the surgery had already gone on for over seven hours. 
By then, all the other kids in the kindergarten had already left, and only three kids remained. 
Estella had moved out of their house, but Archie and Benny still treated her the same way they did 
when she was staying with them. 
The boys noticed that no one was there to pick Estella up, so they took her to the sandbox. All three of 
them then built a sandcastle together and were having so much fun. 
When Lucian showed up, he saw the three kids crouching in the sandbox. Their laughter filled the small 
playground in the kindergarten. 
“Essie,” said Lucian, who waited until all three had finished playing before he called out to his daughter. 
However, Estella was reluctant to leave as she stared at her two friends, even though her dad had 
already called out to her. 
Lucian frowned and turned his attention to Archie and Benny. “Where‘s your mom?” 
The boys didn‘t like him, but they still stood up politely. 
Reluctant to answer Lucian‘s questions, Archie pouted and turned his head to the side to stare at the 
tiny sandcastle they had built earlier. 
Benny, on the other hand, had an innocent look on his face. He answered, “Mommy has an important 
surgery to perform today. She is probably dealing with something troublesome, and that is why she‘s 
not here yet.”
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and saw the look on Archie‘s face. That prompted 
Benny to quickly add, “But, uh, she should be here soon. Bye, Mr. Farwell. Bye, Essie.” 
Nodding, Lucian reached out to hold Estella‘s hand and leave but to no 
avail, 
Estella had tilted her head down and backed away a few steps. At that moment, she was standing 
behind Archie and Benny, shaking her head at her father. 
The boys realized that Estella refused to leave, so they turned around to coo her. 
But no matter how hard they tried to convince her to go home, Estella stubbornly shook her head. She 
even clutched onto their bags and insisted, “Stay together.” 
Estella had been rather harsh to Lucian ever since he took her away from Roxanne‘s place. The kid 
would cry endlessly at every trivial matter, and that made Lucian raise his white flag. At that point, he 
no longer dared to force her to do things she didn‘t want to. Hence, he had no choice but to give in by 
nodding and saying, “I‘ll wait here with you boys.” 
With Lucian around, the kids couldn‘t play as freely as they did before. All they did was sit quietly on 
the bench. 
After they waited for about an hour, the sky was turning dark. Yet, Roxanne was nowhere to be seen. 
Lucian frowned a little as he fished his phone out of his pocket to call Roxanne. 
He made several consecutive calls, but no one picked up. 
I guess she is still in the operating room.
Lucian checked the time before shifting his attention to the kids. “Are you hungry? I‘ll get everyone 
some food.” 
Hearing that, Estella turned to look at both Archie and Benny with anticipation gleaming in her eyes. 
Archie, however, grabbed the strap of his backpack and shook his head with a scowl on his face. 
“We‘re going to wait for Mommy. Mr. Farwell, please go ahead and take Essie home.” 
When Benny heard what Archie said, he forced himself to ignore his hunger and nodded in agreement. 
“I‘m sure Essie is hungry, so please take her home quickly, Mr. Farwell.” 
The glint in Estella‘s eyes dimmed instantly. She stubbornly shook her head at her father and said, “Not 
hungry.” 
I will stay with Archie and Benny if they‘re not leaving. I want to keep them company. 
Lucian couldn‘t help feeling a headache coming. 
Even after he tried to talk some sense into the kids, all three of them remained adamant about staying 
put. 
.. 
Left with no choice, Lucian ordered Cayden, who was waiting right outside, to buy them some food and 
deliver it over. 
“Thank you, Mr. Farwell, but we‘re not hungry,” lied Archie as he stubbornly turned Lucian‘s offer down. 
Meanwhile, Benny caressed his tummy pitifully and echoed his elder brother‘s words. 
At that point, Lucian could more or less guess the reason behind that hostility. The incident from before 
must‘ve left a bad impression on the kids and made them hate me. Ah, they are so frustrating.
“I specially bought these for the two of you. If neither of you will eat it, then I have no choice but to 
throw it away,” said Lucian, pretending to look for a trash can after that. 
The boys hesitated for a moment, but at the end of the day, they didn‘t want the food to go to waste, so 
they accepted it.
###Chapter 186
Chapter 186
The sky had already turned dark when Roxanne left the operating room. 
She saw the night sky and suddenly realized that she was late to pick her kids up, so she quickly 
changed her clothes and rushed to the kindergarten. 
At the entrance of the kindergarten, she saw from a distance that a guy with a hand in his pocket was 
standing beside a bench. The kids were sitting together and eating their burgers with their heads down. 
Roxanne couldn‘t help stopping short when she saw that. 
It seemed like Lucian could sense her gaze because he looked up and took a glance at her. After that, 
he shifted his attention to the kids and told them something 
All three of them then simultaneously turned to her. Each of them had a half–eaten burger in their 
hands when they ran to her. 
Feeling apologetic, Roxanne crouched down and stroked the kids‘ heads. “I am so sorry for being late.” 
Archie and Benny were used to her being late, so they didn’t mind and shook their heads when they 
heard what she said. They were actually worried about her. “Mommy, have you been working all this 
time? Are you tired?” 
“Not at all,” replied Roxanne while grinning. 
Despite her words, her body was actually exhausted. 
If it weren‘t for her kids, she wouldn‘t even have the strength to lift her arm.
Years ago, a complication occurred when she gave birth to her kids, and she lost a lot of blood. As a 
result, she had been frail and weak. 
It was also why she would be exhausted every time she operated for an extended period and would 
need to rest a lot to recuperate. 
“Why is Essie…?” asked Roxanne as she stared at Estella in confusion. 
Lucian is already here to pick her up, so why hasn‘t she gone home yet? Or… did he stay out of the 
courtesy to take care of Archie and Benny? 
Conflicting emotions welled up in Roxanne when she came to that conclusion 
No one knew when Lucian had made his way to them, but when he heard that question, he answered 
in an even tone, “Essie refused to leave them behind.” 
Roxanne couldn‘t help being taken aback when she heard that. A self mocking thought ran past her 
mind immediately after. 
“I tried calling you earlier, but you didn‘t pick up,” said Lucian. 
Right then, Roxanne came back around. She stood up to look right into his eyes and forced a smile. “I 
turned my phone off and didn’t see your calls until I was out of the operating room. Thank you for taking 
care of Archie and Benny.” 
Lucian frowned a little when he realized that Roxanne was slightly pale. “It‘s only right for me to do that. 
After all, you took care of Essie for such a long time.” 
The two of them didn‘t have much to say to each other, and Roxanne was truly exhausted, so she 
exchanged some pleasantries with him before putting some distance between them and nodding. 
“Okay, I‘ll take Archie and Benny home now.”
The two boys then politely bid goodbye to Lucian. 
Estella, however, kept staring at Roxanne with her big, round eyes. The little girl didn‘t want to part with 
her just like that. 
When she saw the look on Estella‘s face, Roxanne‘s heart melted, and she crouched down to stroke 
Estella‘s head. “Be good, Essie, and go home with your daddy. Archie and Benny will play with you 
again tomorrow, okay?” 
Only then did Estella nod obediently and reply in her baby voice, “Bye–bye, Ms. Jarvis.” 
“See you tomorrow,” replied Roxanne, whose heart softened even more 
when she heard Estella‘s adorable voice. 
After saying that, Roxanne held her boys‘ hands and left. 
Lucian‘s gaze was indecipherable when he watched all three of them leave. 
That was the first time they interacted again after he took Estella home. 
That woman is treating me the way she did when we first met. If I hadn‘t helped take care of the two 
boys, she likely wouldn‘t have bothered to talk to me at all. 
Estella waited for a while, but her father just stood there without budging, so she swung his arm in 
confusion. 
Only then did Lucian return to his senses. He picked his daughter up and walked toward the exit.
###Chapter 187
Chapter 187
Back at the mansion, Lysa had been waiting for them to return and have dinner for quite some time. 
When she saw everyone entering the house, she hurried to them and asked, “What happened? Why is 
everyone home so late?” 
Roxanne forced a smile and answered, “It’s nothing. I had to work overtime. Please babysit the kids. 
I’m a little tired, so I think I’ll go to bed now.” 
When Lysa saw how pale and tired Roxanne looked, she agreed to babysit right away. 
Roxanne cooed her kids a little, then retired to her own room. 
When Lysa finished making breakfast the next morning, she realized that Roxanne was still nowhere to 
be seen. 
The kids, on the other hand, had already made their way downstairs. They even dressed themselves 
up. 
“You boys eat away. I’ll go check on your mother,” said Lysa. She was a little worried when she recalled 
how tired Roxanne looked the previous night. 
However, the kids stopped her in her tracks when they heard what she said. “There is no need for that. 
Mommy is always tired after she has performed surgery. Let her sleep in. Wake her up only if she is still 
asleep in the afternoon.” 
Lysa hesitated for a moment, but she eventually agreed to do as they said. 
She made sure the boys had their breakfast, then took them to the kindergarten. 
It was rather late by the time she got home, but Roxanne was still sleeping. 
Nevertheless, Lysa decided that she wouldn’t disturb Roxanne. She simply made some oatmeal so that 
the latter had something to eat when she woke 
up. 
Roxanne sprung up from her bed immediately after she woke up and saw the time. 
It’s eleven o’clock, and the kids are late! 
She was about to kick her blanket off when she recalled that she had already hired a housekeeper. The
kids are probably at school already. 
Strangely, Roxanne felt drained after she relaxed. 
She rested on her bed for a while before someone knocked on her door. 
“Ms. Jarvis, are you up?” asked Lysa. She had waited for an entire morning and was quick to check on 
Roxanne when afternoon came around. 
Roxanne replied, “Yeah, I’m up. I’ll be right out.” 
She didn’t realize that her voice had become hoarse until she finished speaking. 
Do I have a fever? 
Nevertheless, Roxanne didn’t pay much attention to it. She got out of bed and freshened up before 
going downstairs to have some food. However, her fatigue became more apparent when she walked. 
“Ms. Jarvis, why is your face all red?” asked Lysa in a surprised tone as she served Roxanne the bowl 
of oatmeal she had prepared. 
Roxanne frowned and spoke a beat later, “I think I might have a fever. Please find some medicine for 
me.” 
In a panic, Lysa quickly searched the medical kit and gave Roxanne some pills. 
Although she didn’t have any appetite, she forced herself to have some food before she returned to her 
room to rest. 
Roxanne hadn’t expected herself to fall sick so easily. I only performed one surgery. I can’t believe that 
is all it takes to wear me out so much that I’ve fallen ill. When did I become so weak? 
Maybe because she had a fever, her mind became fuzzy soon after. 
A flurry of thoughts flashed past her mind, and she fell asleep. 
That night, Lysa noticed that Roxanne was still resting and guessed that the latter hadn’t recovered. 
Hence, she went to the kindergarten to pick the boys up. 
When she reached the place, she saw Estella hanging out around the boys. Disappointment flashed 
past Estella’s eyes when she saw Lysa there. 
Archie and Benny knew that Estella missed their mommy and worried that she would refuse to go 
home like she did the day before. Hence, one of them took the initiative to ask, “Where is Mommy?” 
Lysa was worried about Roxanne, who was all alone at home at the time. Hearing that question 
brought a worried frown to Lysa’s brows. “Ms. Jarvis is sick and is resting at home. Let’s hurry back.” 
Both boys became anxious when they heard that. 
They had assumed their mommy would recover soon after resting for a bit, just like usual. They didn’t 
expect her to be so tired that she fell ill.
###Chapter 188
Chapter 188
Estella refused to go home with him because she wanted to see Roxanne. That was why Lucian had 
no choice but to wait at a corner. 
Never had he expected to hear such news. 
Estella gave Lucian an anxious look and grabbed his sleeve. “Ms. Jarvis-” 
Lucian knew what his daughter wanted to ask, so he helped her finish her question. “What happened to 
Ms. Jarvis?” 
Lysa, who knew nothing about their story, told them what happened to Roxanne, “Ms. Jarvis hadn’t 
been feeling well when she got home last night. I thought she was exhausted, but when I checked on 
her at noon, she had already come down with a fever. I have to get back to take care of her now.” 
She then held the boys’ hands and left. 
Archie and Benny left in haste and did not even bid Estella goodbye. 
Estella’s eyes started turning red. She could not help but mumble in a soft voice, “Ms. Jarvis-” 
Lucian looked at the little girl and hesitated for a moment. He then asked his driver to follow Lysa’s car 
so that they could visit Roxanne. 
The boys were so worried about their mother that they ran straight into her room. They did not even 
say anything when Lucian came into the house. 
Lysa did not stop Lucian and Estella from going upstairs either. 
Roxanne was woken up by the boys when they opened the door. She opened her eyes and saw two 
pairs of doe eyes staring at her. 
“Mommy, how are you? You must be feeling very uncomfortable.” Archie touched her forehead and was 
taken aback by the heat. 
Roxanne responded with a comforting smile. “It’s just fever. It’ll go away once I have enough sleep.” 
Suddenly, she heard a little girl’s voice. “Ms. Jarvis-” 
Roxanne froze for a bit. She tilted her head aside and saw Estella fussing with the edge of the 
bedsheet and gave Roxanne a worried look. 
Essie? Why is she here? Instinctively, Roxanne looked in the door’s direction and saw a slender figure 
standing by the entrance. 
After meeting her gaze, the man frowned and entered the room. “High fever?” 
With mixed emotions surging in her heart, Roxanne looked away and said calmly, “It’s not a big 
problem. I’m a doctor, so I know my body well. I’ll get better once I get enough sleep.” 
Lysa could not help but refute, “You’ve been sleeping for almost twenty four hours, but you still didn’t 
get better. Why don’t you go to the hospital?” 
The man narrowed his eyes suspiciously. 
Roxanne clenched her fists for a second, but she was so dizzy that she could not think of a way to say 
no to the suggestion. 
She knew she had a high fever. In fact, she waited for Lysa to come home so they could go to the 
hospital together. Never did she expect Lucian to be there. 
Archie and Benny, too, were worried about their mother. “Mommy, we’ll go to the hospital with you. 
You’ll feel better once the doctor gives you a jab. You’d always give us a jab whenever we have a 
fever.” 
The boys then grabbed her hands and helped her sit up. 
Estella was so exasperated that her eyes turned red. 
Seeing how anxious the kids were, Roxanne had no choice but to listen to them. She nodded and 
looked at Lysa. “Could you come with me to the hospital?” 
The two boys insisted on accompanying her, but Roxanne turned them down with a frown. “You boys 
just stay home and rest, okay? I’ll be back very soon.” 
She did not want her children to go out at this hour. 
Before Lysa could say yes, Lucian’s deep voice emerged from the back. “I’ll take you. Lysa can stay 
home and take care of the kids.”
###Chapter 189
Chapter 189
Upon hearing his suggestion, Roxanne was a little apprehensive. 
She wanted to stay away from Lucian, but she had to admit that was the best solution. . 
A few seconds later, Roxanne nodded. “Thanks.” 
Lucian nodded. 
After asking Archie and Benny to move aside, she got up from her bed. 
But before she could stand still, her head started spinning. She staggered and pressed her hand on the 
bed to steady herself. 
“Let me help you.” Lysa immediately walked toward her to grab her arm. 
Roxanne‘s vision darkened for a few seconds. When her vision recovered a few seconds later, she 
responded with a weak nod. 
The three little children, too, got up to her and walked by her side. 
Roxanne was so frail that she had to lean on Lysa when she walked. Even Lysa had difficulty 
supporting her. 
Upon noticing that, the three children wanted to help. Before they could extend their hands, a towering 
figure stood in their way. 
Lucian stood in front of Lysa and frowned. “Let me. You take care of the kids.” 
Before Roxanne could react, Lucian wrapped his hands around her waist and carried her in his arms.
At that time, Roxanne was still in a daze as she had brain fog. By the time she came to her senses, she 
put up a struggle but to no avail. The man was clearly in control of the situation. 
Roxanne had no choice but to stop struggling. She knitted her brows and expressed her dismay, “Put 
me down. I can walk.” 
Her request fell on deaf ears. Lucian turned to Lysa and said, “Please whip up something for the kids. 
They haven‘t eaten anything so far. Put them to bed first if we come back late.” 
Lysa agreed 
But the three children were not pleased with the arrangement. They followed the adults to the car and 
tried to crawl into the passenger‘s seats. 
After putting Roxanne into the car, Lucian turned around, grabbed the little ones, and removed them 
from the car. 
Archie, Benny, and Estella sulked while looking at the woman in the car. 
“She‘ll be worried if you insist on following, and that‘s not good for her recovery. She‘ll be relieved to 
know that all of you stayed home, ate your dinner, and turned in early,” Lucian explained patiently. 
The three little ones cast a doubtful look at Roxanne. 
Roxanne put on a faint smile and said, “Yes. Sleep early, and don‘t wait for us.” 
The children had no choice but to nod. 
Lucian got into the car, sat beside Roxanne, and closed the door, blocking the children‘s view of the 
car‘s interior. He then instructed the driver to rush to the hospital. 
After sending them off, the children reluctantly returned to the mansion with Lysa.
Roxanne kept looking at the children from the rear–view mirror and was relieved when they all headed 
back to the house. 
The warm and cozy atmosphere in the car made Roxanne want to fall asleep, but when she thought of 
the man sitting next to her, she forced herself to stay awake. 
Due to her fever, despite trying her best to stay awake by digging her nails into her palms, she soon fell 
into a deep slumber. 
“How do you feel?” Lucian expressed his concern as they were caught in a traffic snarl. 
When he did not get a reply, he looked to the side and noticed the woman was sound asleep. 
Overwhelmed by complicated emotions, Lucian looked away and ordered the driver, “Drive slower.” 
Soon, he felt a weight on his shoulder. 
Lucian turned around and looked at the side of the woman‘s sleeping face with a subtle gentleness in 
his eyes.
###Chapter 190
Chapter 190
Chapter 190 Roxanne slept throughout the journey. 
She did not wake up even when they arrived at the hospital. 
Lucian hesitated for a moment and decided not to wake Roxanne up. After instructing the driver to 
open the door, he covered the woman with his coat and carried her out of the car. 
The emergency department was the only place with people on duty since they arrived late at night. 
After registering at the counter, he carried Roxanne and headed to the department. 
Roxanne woke up when they entered the department. It took her a few seconds to realize she was in 
Lucian‘s arms. The doctor was looking at them from the opposite side. 
Roxanne‘s face immediately turned brick–red, but no one could tell she was blushing because the fever 
had already caused her face to look flushed. 
“Put me down!” She nudged the man in embarrassment. 
Lucian, who was listening to the doctor explain Roxanne‘s health condition, realized she had woken up 
when he heard her voice. He glanced at the woman but did not release her. 
Roxanne, who also heard the doctor‘s voice, fell silent and buried herself in his coat to avoid further 
embarrassment. 
The man‘s chest was so warm that Roxanne conked out again. 
She could vaguely hear the doctor‘s voice and Lucian‘s questions. He doesn‘t need to ask those 
questions in detail. I‘m aware of the things the doctor said. 
After the consultation, the man woke her up.
Lucian placed her on the bed and said, “You need to be on a drip, so you‘ll 
need to stay in the hospital for a night.” 
Roxanne, who was still in a daze, nodded. She waited for the nurse to put her on a drip before sleeping 
like a log again. 
Lucian sat by the bed, looked at the woman‘s palm–sized face, and his expression dimmed slightly. I 
haven‘t seen her for six years, and she seems to have lost quite some weight. She looks even frailer 
now that she‘s ill. 
Despite carrying Roxanne in his arms and walking quite a bit, Lucian did not feel exhausted as she was 
as light as a feather. Did she even take good care of herself in the last six years? She even had to raise 
two kids all by herself 
Roxanne woke up in the middle of the night and opened her eyes. She still felt a little dizzy and was a 
little lost. Everything that had happened before this was like a dream to her. Why is he treating me so 
well when he‘s about to marry another woman? 
While she was still in a groggy state, she heard someone breathing in the ward. 
Roxanne looked to the side and saw Lucian leaning on a chair. The chair was too tiny for his tall and 
muscular physique. Despite not being in a comfortable position, he could still sleep without a stir. 
She looked up at the IV drip bag and noticed it was replaced with a new one. 
Roxanne could not help but freeze for a moment. So it wasn‘t a dream. Lucian must be exhausted after 
taking care of me for the whole night. 
At that point, Roxanne was inundated by mixed feelings.
She took a glance at the clock and realized it was midnight. Can‘t believe I‘ve slept for so many hours. I 
wonder if the kids have slept well too. 
Roxanne took out her phone but hesitated when she was to text Lysa. I might disturb her sleep if I were 
to text her at this hour. 
She thought about it for a moment and put aside her phone. 
After spending a few hours resting in the hospital, Roxanne felt a lot better. 
She touched her forehead and felt her fever had also subsided.
###Chapter 191
Chapter 191
Lucian was a light sleeper. When he heard the series of soft rustling sounds, he opened his eyes and 
saw that the patient on the bed had already woken up. 
She placed her palm on her forehead, seemingly checking her own temperature. 
“How are you feeling? Do you still have a high fever?” Lucian got up and walked toward the bed. 
Roxanne froze in her movements before slowly propping herself up. In a courteous tone, she said, “I 
feel much better now. Thank you, and sorry for the trouble caused tonight.” 
Seeing how she was acting distant from him, Lucian’s face fell. However, he quickly hid his displeasure 
upon recalling that she was unwell. “You didn’t have dinner just now. Are you hungry?” he asked in a 
caring tone. 
As soon as he brought that up, Roxanne realized that she was starving. 
Apart from the few bites she had at lunch, she practically ate nothing the entire day due to a low 
appetite caused by her fever. 
Then again, she was reluctant to owe him any more favors. 
Just when she was about to say no to him, her empty stomach growled. 
In an instant, Roxanne’s cheeks flushed. She kept a calm composure and replied, “I don’t feel like 
eating anything this late.” 
Lucian furrowed his brows and left the ward at once. 
Upon hearing the door shut behind her, Roxanne turned, only to realize that the man had disappeared.
Ten minutes later, he returned with a piping hot bowl of oatmeal. 
“There isn’t much option at this hour. I can only make you this using the microwave at the hospital. 
Hope you don’t mind it.” 
Roxanne was taken aback by his action. 
By the time she snapped back to her senses, he had already adjusted her bed and placed the oatineal 
in front of her. 
“Thank you.” She got up and took a mouthful of it. 
Considering all that he has done for me, it would be very impolite of me to decline him once more 
Lucian waited till she started eating before returning to his seat. “The doctor advised you to be 
hospitalized for further observation, just in case your condition worsens. You should go for another 
check-up tomorrow morning. If all is well, then you can be discharged,” he uttered in a low voice 
Roxanne glanced at him and nodded. “I feel okay now. Thank you for taking care of me tonight. It’s 
getting pretty late, so you’d better go home and take a rest since you have to work tomorrow.” 
He was chagrined to hear that she was not so subtly chasing him away. “I’m not so irresponsible to 
leave you here alone overnight,” he snapped coldly. 
Frowning, Roxanne insisted, “I’m fine, and I don’t need special care anymore. It’s unnecessary for you 
to stay back. You can’t get a good rest here, anyway.” 
She did not want to owe him anything more than she already did. 
Her voice sounded awkwardly loud in the quiet hospital ward at midnight. 
Dead silence filled the room upon her words.
However, the man did not seem to have any intention of leaving. 
She dug her fingernails into her palms as she explained in a slightly friendlier tone of voice, “We aren’t 
in any relationship. Hence, there’s no reason for you to take special care of me, Mr. Farwell. I actually 
feel burdened when you do that.” 
Upon saying so, she gave the man sitting opposite her a solemn look. 
Never in a million years would Lucian have thought that caring for her would create a rift between them. 
He was utterly displeased. 
Yet, there was no way he could just leave the woman alone. 
After moments of pin-drop silence, he managed to suppress his anger. “Don’t you misunderstand. I just 
think that Essie will be mad at me if she finds out that I left you here and went back on my own,” he 
said indifferently. 
In other words, he was implying that she was not the reason why he insisted on staying. 
Though Roxanne was a little apprehensive, she could not refute him. Left with no choice, she 
acquiesced to his decision. 
However, none of them had anything to say to each other, resulting in a very awkward situation in the 
ward.
###Chapter 192
Chapter 192
When Roxanne finished eating her oatmeal, Lucian automatically adjusted her bed for her and put the 
bowl away. 
away. 
For a long time, both of them just stared at each other without exchanging a word. The silence between 
them spoke volumes. 
Roxanne had rested for the whole day, so it was difficult for her to fall asleep again. Even so, she shut 
her eyes, not wanting to interact with Lucian. 
He, on the other hand, was exhausted after a long day. Sleepiness gradually descended upon him, and 
in the blink of an eye, he dozed off. 
Minutes later, soft rhythmic breathing was the only sound that could be heard in the ward. 
Roxanne slowly opened her eyes and cast a look in his direction. 
His jacket had been placed over her blanket, leaving him with only a thin shirt on. He folded his arms 
across his chest, seemingly having a rough time resting. 
Roxanne hesitated for a bit before she decided to get up and approach him quietly. Grabbing his jacket 
from the bed, she gently draped it over him. 
A turmoil of emotions crept up on her when she saw his handsome face close up. 
It’s still the same gorgeous face from six years ago, but I’m no longer the infatuated girl I was back 
then. I don’t know how he sees me now, and neither do I want to find out about it. I just want to lead a
peaceful life with my two little munchkins, 
Suddenly. Roxanne felt a sense of relief rise within her. She strode across the room to switch off the 
lights, then went back to bed. 
As soon as she closed her eyes, a million thoughts ran past her head, giving her a hard time falling 
asleep. 
Ironically, the soft sounds from the bed earlier had awakened Lucian, who was a light sleeper. When he 
heard her footsteps coming toward him, he chose to keep his eyes shut and pretended to be asleep. 
A moment later, she stopped in front of him, and he was able to pick up the faint fragrance that lingered 
upon her body. 
Owing to his proximity, the scent made his heart skip a beat, and his breathing became uneven. 
Somehow, he had a feeling that her gaze was fixated on him. Hence, he could only continue with his 
act until he heard noises coming from the bed.’ 
He slowly opened his bleary cyes to look at her, and his gaze never left the bed for the rest of the night. 
“That nighi, none of them had a good rest. 
The next morning, Roxanne was woken up by a ruckus outside of the ward. 
“The little ones were so worried about Ms. Jarvis. They have been asking to come see her since the 
break of dawn,” Lysa said helplessly. 
Archie’s anxious voice rang out. “How is Mommy? Is she still sleeping?” 
“Yes. You should go in later.” Lucian’s voice sounded hoarse.
He had not gotten much rest. By the time he dozed off, the children had already barged into the ward, 
asking to see Roxanne. Seeing that she was sleeping soundly, he brought them all outside and shut 
the door behind him. 
Archie noticed how haggard Lucian was, so even though he was frowning, he obliged obediently. 
Meanwhile, Benny was peering through the small crack left by the closed door in hopes that he could 
get a glimpse of Roxanne, but to no avail. With that, he sulked. 
Lysa was holding Estella, who was equally worried about the beautiful Roxanne. Her big eyes kept 
staring at the door as if it would open for her if she continued doing so. 
Anyhow, the children stood outside and waited in the hallway quietly when their father reminded them 
again that Roxanne was still sleeping. 
As a result, peace was restored in the hospital. 
A warm and fuzzy feeling crept up on Roxanne when she realized how worried the children were. She 
was utterly touched by their concern and wanted to open the door to welcome them. 
As soon as she sat herself up on the bed, she locked gazes with the man through the small window on 
the door. 
Her heart thumped uncontrollably when their eyes met. 
Right when she was still debating how to respond to him, the man averted his gaze. Turning to the 
kids, he announced, “You may enter now.” 
Afterward, he opened the door for them.
The little ones all had a twinkle in their eyes when they saw Roxanne sitting on the bed. Without a 
second thought, all of them dashed toward her.
###Chapter 193
Chapter 193
“How are you feeling, Mommy? Are you still down with a fever?” Archie and Benny ran to the bed at 
once, unable to hide their worry from their faces. 
Roxanne chuckled as she shook her head. “No. I feel much better now.” 
The two boys were not convinced. They stretched out their hands, wanting to check her forehead for 
themselves. 
Seeing so, Roxanne bent down and let them touch her forehead. 
Then, she caught sight of the small figure standing behind Archie and Benny. With tears in her eyes, 
the little girl was biting her lip, concern written all over her face. 
She was rather timid when compared to the two boys. 
Roxanne‘s heart melted when she saw that. She smiled at Estella and asked, “Essie, do you want to 
confirm if I‘m okay?” 
Estella stiffened for a second before nodding her head vigorously. The next moment, she let go of 
Lysa‘s hand and zoomed toward Roxanne. 
The woman had her body bent over as she grabbed Estella‘s outstretched hand and put it on her 
forehead. 
Shortly after, Estella retracted her hand before finally breaking out into a smile. 
“You were all scared, weren‘t you? I‘m sorry for making all of you worried about me.” Roxanne patted 
each of them lovingly as she recalled their panic–stricken faces upon seeing how she was rushed to
the hospital yesterday. 
Benny nodded his head vigorously. “Archie and I will be obedient boys from now on. Mommy, please 
don‘t overwork yourself, okay?” 
With a sullen expression, Archie said nothing. Yet, one could tell that he concurred with his brother on 
this matter. 
Roxanne chuckled before replying, “Sure, I‘ll take good care of myself.” 
Lysa placed a thermal lunch box on the bedside table and said, “Have you had breakfast? I brought 
some for you both. Hurry up and eat it while it‘s still hot.” 
Then, she proceeded to take out two bowls to serve them soup and some side dishes. 
In response, Roxanne nodded. “Thank you so much.” 
Seeing that Lysa had already prepared the food for him, Lucian could not bring himself to decline her 
kind gesture even though he had no appetite to eat. 
Simultaneously, the two of them reached for the bowls, which had been placed side by side. Their 
fingers then accidentally brushed against each other. 
Roxanne froze, and she subconsciously looked up at the man, who was coincidentally gazing in her 
direction too. 
Her heart thumped rapidly as they locked eyes with each other. Instantly, she snapped back to her 
senses and quickly repressed her feelings. She then picked up her bowl as though nothing had 
happened. 
“Mr. Farwell, thanks for spending a night here to take care of Ms. Jarvis.” Lysa broke the silence.
“I‘m happy to do that,” Lucian said with a nod. 
He took a quick glance at Roxanne before adding, “After all, Essie loves her so much, and she has 
been so wonderful to her. I should do what I can to return the favor to Ms. Jarvis.“ 
He tried to justify his actions again, stating that he only did it for Estella. 
Roxanne had heard similar words just last night, so she did not show any reaction when he spoke this 
time. 
Conversely, Lysa was taken aback. 
Their interaction with each other last night suggested positive progress. I thought that... 
Suspecting that she had interpreted the situation wrongly, Lysa responded wryly, “Oh, I see...” 
When Archie learned that Lucian had stayed by Roxanne‘s side the entire night, he pursed his lips, 
turned around to look at the man, and inclined his head. “Thank you, Mr. Farwell, for taking care of my 
mommy,” he uttered in a rather formal manner. 
He shared the same thoughts as his mother. Since this guy has disappointed Mommy, we should keep 
our distance from him. However, he did help Mommy a lot this time, so I must thank him in principle. 
Benny followed suit and gave the man a courteous bob of his head. 
Lucian‘s forehead creased in response to the boys‘ distant attitude. He simply nodded to acknowledge 
them.
###Chapter 194
Chapter 194
After breakfast. Roxanne thought that the time was still early, so she could possibly make it to the 
research institute in time. 
“My fever has subsided. Lysa, could you please arrange for my discharge? I need to get some work 
done.” 
Her work progress at the research institute had been impacted due to the surgery she did for Larry 
Therefore, Roxanne did not want to create a backlog of work and fall behind even further. 
Lysa hesitated. “Ms. Jarvis, I think you should stay and observe your condition for one more day. I 
know how swamped with work you‘ve been recently. You didn‘t fall sick yesterday for no apparent 
reason. It‘s because of fatigue! Now that your temperature is kept at bay, you can‘t wait to bury yourself 
in work again. I‘m really afraid that your body can‘t cope with it and will collapse for the second time.” 
Though Lysa had not been serving Roxanne for a long time, she had witnessed enough of how the 
latter overworked herself day in and day out. 
One would easily assume that Roxanne had superpowers if she had not fallen ill yesterday. She never 
once grumbled that she was tired nor complained about her hectic routine of juggling a career and 
raising her children. I 
The more time Lysa spent with the family, the more she felt sorry for the single mother of two. 
She treated Roxanne like her own daughter, and it broke her heart to see the younger woman fall sick. 
“It‘s okay. I‘m used to it already. Moreover, yesterday was just a little accident.” Roxanne removed the 
blanket and insisted on getting off the bed.
The expression of the man standing not too far away from her turned grim when he heard that. 
He recalled the contents of her amazing resume. How did she attain all those achievements within six 
short years? What kind of life did she lead when she was abroad? What has she gone through to get to 
where she is today? 
Lysa was still very concerned. She had not been present when the doctor gave his diagnosis, so she 
was clueless about Roxanne‘s actual condition. 
While Lysa was still debating what to do, Roxanne had already gotten up from the bed. Fretting, the 
former hurriedly turned to Lucian and gave him a pleading look, hoping that he would offer some help 
in persuading Roxanne to stay. 
Somehow, she just felt that Roxanne would listen to him. 
Lucian‘s frown became more pronounced as he strode toward the bed and stared at the stubborn 
woman. “The doctor said that you must go through a check–up before he will approve your discharge.” 
With that said, he glanced at Lysa and instructed, “Please get the doctor here.” 
Finally, Lysa heaved a sigh of relief and did as he had requested. 
Roxanne‘s brow snapped together disapprovingly. “This is really unnecessary. I know myself, and I 
know my body well.” 
As a doctor, she was well aware of her own body‘s condition. 
It was just a fever. I have recovered, and I can definitely be discharged. 
Lucian retorted, “If you did, why would you have collapsed at home and gotten so weak that you 
couldn‘t even get down from your bed?”
Roxanne was rendered speechless at his comeback. 
Upon hearing Lucian‘s words, Archie and Benny chimed in, “Mommy, let‘s get the doctor to perform a 
check–up thoroughly.” 
Roxanne could not bear to see her boys getting all anxious because of her. At last, she swallowed her 
rejection and obliged. 
Soon, Lysa returned to the ward with the doctor. 
After a series of examinations, the doctor scanned the group and located the man who had admitted 
Roxanne to the hospital. “There appears to be nothing wrong with her, so the patient can be 
discharged. However, she must pay attention to her health and get sufficient rest from now on. 
Remember, health is wealth.” 
Lucian nodded. Then, he cast a look at Roxanne. 
After meeting his gaze, Roxanne felt somewhat guilty and lowered her eyes. “Thanks, doctor. I‘ll take 
note of this,” she muttered. 
With that, the doctor listed a few other usual reminders and left the room. 
Upon confirming that all was well with Roxanne, Lysa was put at ease and went ahead to settle the 
discharge procedures.
###Chapter 195
Chapter 195
It was not even eight o‘clock when they came out of the hospital. 
Roxanne stretched her stiff body lazily. She was so glad to be breathing some fresh air again after 
being confined to bed for one day and two nights. 
Archie and Benny trailed closely behind her just in case anything else happened to their mother. 
“Ms. Jarvis, why don‘t you head home first to get some rest? Maybe just take the morning off?” Lysa 
tried her utmost to convince Roxanne not to dive into work right away. 
The latter grinned and assured her, “I‘m perfectly fine, so don‘t worry about me. After the surgery I did 
the day before yesterday, I rushed to the kindergarten in my sweaty clothes because I didn‘t have the 
time to get changed. Most likely, I caught a cold then, which developed into a fever. I promise to be 
more careful next time.” 
Subsequently, she bent down and tousled the children‘s hair. “I need to finish up my work at the 
research institute. Can Ms. Lane take you to your kindergarten today? I‘ll inform Ms. Ward that you‘ll be 
late.” 
The children looked at her with concern. 
If possible, they wished that Roxanne could take a break and rest. 
However, they were well aware that their mother was a workaholic who would not delay her work. 
They struggled with it a little before nodding reluctantly.
Roxanne turned to Lysa and said, “I‘ll leave you to bring the kids to the kindergarten, but I‘ll inform Ms. 
Ward accordingly.” 
Lysa agreed. 
Then, Roxanne approached Lucian, who was already waiting by the main entrance. “I just wanted to 
thank you for last night. I took care of Essie last time, and with you returning the favor now, we no 
longer owe each other anything,” she said in a calm manner. 
Despite the unfazed look on his face, his emotions were anything but that. 
Moments later, he broke the silence with a laconic reply. “Sure.” His thoughts were unfathomable. 
Right when Roxanne was about to turn and leave, a little hand grabbed her by the hem of her dress. 
“Ms. Jarvis!” Estella could not comprehend the words Roxanne said to Lucian. She was completely 
baffled about who owed what and to whom. It all sounded like a strange, foreign language to her, so 
she hurried over and grabbed Roxanne‘s dress. 
The woman halted her steps and turned to the little girl. “What‘s wrong, Essie?” 
“I like Ms. Jarvis.” Tears glistened in Estella‘s eyes as she pouted unhappily, feeling rather aggrieved 
Her sad face caused Roxanne‘s heart to soften. She quickly gave the little girl a tight hug and 
comforted her, “I like you too, Essie. Thanks for coming to visit me.” 
Her warm embrace magically made Estella feel slightly better. 
Despite that, she was still reluctant to part as she stared at Roxanne‘s retreating back. 
Roxanne walked Lysa and the boys to the junction to hail a cab.
Lysa had taken a cab to the hospital in the morning, whereas Roxanne had been driven there by 
Lucian last night. Hence, they were without their own transport. 
Unfortunately, they could not escape the madness of rush hour. Not one vacant cab came by even after 
they had waited for a while. 
While Roxanne was debating if she should trouble Colby to make a trip to the hospital and fetch her, 
Lucian‘s voice rang out beside her. 
“It‘s hard to get a cab at this hour. Let me drive all of you to where you need to be.” 
Roxanne was startled by his sudden appearance. I thought he has left already. Why is he still here? 
She turned around and was met by Estella‘s puppy dog eyes, seemingly waiting for her to accept the 
offer. It was then she understood. 
Although she had a soft spot for the little girl, she did not want to have anything to do with that man 
anymore. With a frown, she rejected him once more. “It‘s okay. I‘ve troubled you enough recently, Mr. 
Farwell. I‘m sure that you need to get to the office as soon as possible, so please go ahead, and don‘t 
worry about us. We will manage on our own.” 
The instant she ended her sentence, she saw Lucian knit his brows, looking annoyed. 
Did I say anything that upset him? Puzzled, Roxanne dared not speak further.
###Chapter 196
Chapter 196
While holding Estella‘s hand, Lucian stared at the woman, who had an indifferent expression on her 
face at a near distance away. In a slightly sarcastic voice, he retorted, “Even if we‘re strangers. vou 
don‘t need to avoid me like the plague, Ms. Jarvis. I‘m going to send Essie to the kindergarten anyway, 
and I‘ll drive past your research institute from the kindergarten to Farwell Group. That‘s the reason I 
offered to give you a ride. What‘s your concern, Ms. Jarvis?” 
In other words, he was implying that Roxanne was overthinking things. 
Estella wanted to be with Roxanne for a while longer, so she gazed at the latter pitifully upon hearing 
that, “Ms. Jarvis.” 
Unbidden, Roxanne‘s heart melted. 
Furthermore, she had no refutation to Lucian‘s words. 
They merely had nothing to do with each other, so her repeated demurral of such innocuous things 
made her appear rather petty. 
At that thought, she relented and said to Lysa, “You may go back first. I‘ll take them to kindergarten.” 
Lysa murmured in acknowledgment and handed Archie and Benny to Roxanne. 
Archie and Benny were still prejudiced against Lucian, so they were a touch hesitant, knowing that they 
were riding with the man again. 
Estella, on the other hand, had already dropped her father‘s hand and went over to clutch Roxanne‘s 
dress. It was clear that she wanted to sit with Roxanne.
Patting her head, Roxanne ordered Archie and Benny, “Get in.” 
Only after hearing that did they slowly climb into the car. 
Roxanne went in after them with Estella in her arms, sitting in the back seat with Archie and Benny. 
Lucian closed the car door for them and slipped into the passenger seat. 
Then, the car started slowly and drove toward the kindergarten. 
Silence reigned in the car. Roxanne had nothing to say to Lucian, and the children were inexplicably 
quiet as well. 
Throughout the entire drive, the atmosphere was exceedingly depressing. 
As the car gradually drove away, camera flashed relentlessly in the bushes in front of the hospital. 
It was almost nine o‘clock when they arrived at the kindergarten. 
Roxanne alighted from the car and led the three children to the kindergarten gates. 
As they were really late then, the kindergarten gates were already closed. 
Roxanne gave Pippa a call to explain the situation briefly. Pippa then came out and brought the three 
children into the compound. 
Watching as their figures disappeared from her line of sight, Roxanne turned back hesitantly. 
By the side of the road, Lucian‘s car was still parked in the same spot silently, waiting for her. 
According to Lucian‘s remarks earlier, he would drive her somewhere near the research institute on his 
way to the office.
However, without the children‘s presence, she really didn’t know how to remain in such a cramped 
space with the man alone. 
Anyhow, the research institute was very near to the kindergarten. Part of the reason she chose that 
particular kindergarten back then was because of its distance from the research institute, which made it 
convenient for her to drive her children to and fro. 
Even by foot, it would only take about half an hour. 
25 
While she was contemplating whether or not she should just walk, the car window slowly rolled down, 
revealing the man‘s impatient profile. 
Roxanne was promptly taken aback. 
“Aren‘t you in a hurry to go to the research institute? Why are you still dawdling?” Lucian could guess 
her intentions, so he was in a foul mood. Consequently, his tone wasn’t all that amicable. either. 
Upon hearing that, Roxanne pursed her lips. A moment later, she flashed him a polite smile and 
stepped forward, saying, “The research institute is just around the corner, so I‘ll walk there.” 
Suppressing the chagrin within him, Lucian replied coolly, “If Essie were to learn that I had you walk 
over, she‘d throw a fit at me when she returns.” 
At that, Roxanne was startled. 
As long as neither of us speaks of it, how would she learn about it? 
Nonetheless, seeing as the man seemingly wouldn‘t leave unless she got into the car, she still climbed 
into the back seat after a moment‘s hesitation.
###Chapter 197
Chapter 197
That afternoon, Aubree found her employees looking strangely at her when she was doing the rounds 
at the office. 
One of the female employees who are closer to her came over and teased, “Ms. Pearson. Mr. Farwell 
is so nice to you that we‘re all green with envy!” 
Aubree was inexorably stunned to hear that. In the next instant, she forced a casual smile and inquired 
airily, “Really? How could you tell?” 
Following that, the smile on the female employee‘s face grew all the more ingratiating. “Everyone 
knows that Mr. Farwell took care of you at the hospital for the entire night. Yet, you still came to work 
on time today. Verily, you‘re our role model!” 
Aubree‘s expression stiffened slightly. “What are you talking about?” 
Lucian took care of me at the hospital for the entire night? I‘ve been perfectly fine these two days, so I 
hadn‘t been to the hospital. 
The female employee presumed that she was embarrassed, so she took out her phone straight away 
and showed her a news report. “Don‘t be shy. It‘s already in the news, so the entire world knows about 
it now.‘ 
JU 
Only after saying that did she belatedly remember to show some concern for her employer‘s health. 
She sheepishly asked, “Oh yes, what happened to you last night? Weren‘t you just fine in the 
afternoon? Why did you suddenly go to the hospital at night?”
Aubree merely cast a swift glance at the content on the phone screen. When she glimpsed the 
headline that read: Mr. Farwell accompanied his fiancée to the hospital in the middle of the night and 
took care of her for the entire night, the puzzlement within her grew. At the employee‘s question, she 
fibbed, “Oh, perhaps I ate something bad last night. I‘m fine now. Go back to work.” 
The female employee uttered a few more platitudes in feigned concern before going back to her 
workstation. 
Aubree returned to her office with a grim expression on her face. She immediately logged on to Twitter 
and searched for news related to Lucian. 
As soon as she entered his name, a news report popped out. It read: Mr. Farwell accompanies his 
fiancée to the hospital, proving their relationship intimate. 
The other headlines that popped out underneath were pretty much similar. 
She proceeded to click on the first link, and the comments had already exceeded a million. 
The most popular one among the news report was one posted by a renowned entertainment page in 
the industry. 
The news report read: Last night, Mr. Farwell personally drove his fiancée to the hospital and carried 
her in a bridal carry the entire way. What an attentive boyfriend! At eight o‘clock in the morning today, 
the two of them got into Mr. Farwell‘s car, accompanied by Mr. Farwell‘s 
daughter. His fiancée has a close relationship with the little girl, so it seems that wedding bells are near. 
Two photos were attached beneath it. 
The first photo had a night backdrop, and it was of Lucian carrying a woman in, striding toward the 
hospital entrance.
Meanwhile, the second photo was taken at the hospital entrance, with Lucian standing in front of the 
car while the woman climbed into the car with a child in her arms. 
Judging from the clothes and figure, the woman in the two photos was obviously the same person. 
Merely looking at those two photos alone indeed gave off the impression that the people in the photo 
were very close. In fact, the second photo seemed like a family of three. 
However, as the fiancée in question, Aubree had no knowledge of the entire matter. 
Not only had Lucian been avoiding her because of the news report previously, but the woman in the 
photos was also someone else entirely. 
She zoomed in on the photos and scrutinized them multiple times before a familiar figure slowly 
emerged in her mind. 
Argh! It‘s that b*tch, Roxanne, again! 
After all, both the woman‘s profile and figure in the photos were a complete match with Roxanne. 
At that realization, Aubree‘s expression abruptly darkened. 
The so–called attentiveness shown by Lucian toward his fiancée was a misunderstanding from the 
beginning to the end! It wasn‘t me whom he took care of the entire night, but that batch, Roxanne!
###Chapter 198
Chapter 198
On the contrary the employees outside were convinced by that news report and gossiped about 
Aubree. 
“Previously, it was rumored that Mr. Farwell had been dragging his feet on fulfilling the marriage 
contract because he was unwilling to marry Ms. Pearson. Unexpectedly, he‘s such an attentive person 
in secret.” 
“Mr. Farwell is so handsome and attentive! I, too, want such a boyfriend!” 
And so, similar sentiments rang out, one after another. 
When Aubree heard all that, her expression changed time and again. Her fingernails almost punctured 
her palms before she managed to suppress the blazing wrath within her. “Don‘t talk about irrelevant 
things during working hours. Go about your work seriously!” 
After saying that, she swept a chilly gaze over the employees who were whispering among themselves 
earlier. Then, she spun on her heel and strode away without a backward glance. 
Truly, she couldn‘t bring herself to stay there anymore. The more they talked about it, the greater her 
fury. 
Having left the office, she sped home directly. 
In the Pearson residence, Gina and Samuel sat in the living room. Both of them were stunned when 
they suddenly caught sight of their daughter stalking in huffily. 
“What‘s wrong, Aubree? Who offended you at the office that,”
Samuel thought it was a work issue and was about to give his daughter some advice when Aubree cut 
him off coldly. “Work schmerk! All you talk about is work! If you‘re so eager to have the company do 
well, shouldn‘t you be enthusiastic about marrying me into the Farwell family? But why do you have no 
idea about Lucian‘s movements?” 
At her remark, Gina and Samuel‘s hearts sank. 
Frowning, Gina questioned, “It‘s about Lucian? Didn‘t Sonya already circulate the news of you both 
getting married? What more is there to worry about?” 
No sooner had she said that than Aubree stalked over to them on her high heels and tossed her phone 
onto the couch. “See for yourselves!” 
At that, the couple exchanged a look before picking up the phone in puzzlement. 
The instant they saw the content on the screen, both their faces darkened. 
They usually watched financial news reports and rarely paid attention to entertainment news. 
Therefore, it was the first time they saw the news of Lucian taking care of his fiancée last night. 
Naturally, they knew that their daughter was at home the whole of last night. Besides, they could also 
tell that the silhouette in the photo wasn‘t of her at all. 
“Who was the woman in the photo?” Gina asked with a frown. 
Auhree‘s chest heaved violently. She swept an icy gaze over the phone screen without saying a single 
word. 
Receiving no response after a long time, Gina pressed, “Who was that woman? Was it that won with 
the last name Jarvis?”
Other than Roxanne, she couldn‘t think of anyone else. 
At the mention of Roxanne, Aubree replied through gritted teeth, “It was that b*tch all right!” 
Never mind that she embarrassed me during the banquet back then, but my impending marriage with 
Lucian is already public knowledge now, yet she‘s still clinging on to him shamelessly! Fortunately, the 
photos taken by the media are blurry, and not many can tell that it wasn‘t me. Otherwise, I‘d be a 
laughingstock again! 
At that thought, her face flushed bright red with fury. Her hands hanging by her sides balled into fists, 
her nails embedding into her palms. 
Although Gina had long since harbored that guess, her expression still turned as dark as night when 
she heard that confirmation from her daughter. 
She thought that the marriage between the two families would be a guaranteed thing after news of 
Lucian and Aubree‘s impending marriage leaked out. 
Never had she thought that things would still be variable. 
I never knew that Lucian and that woman are so close! 
“Don‘t panic. Since everyone is saying that it was you, we‘ll just feign ignorance,” Gina ordered, lifting 
her eyes after a long moment. 
Aubree naturally wouldn‘t take the initiative to humiliate herself, so she agreed with a frosty expression.
###Chapter 199
Chapter 199
Aubree, Gina, and Samuel discussed for a long time before coming to a consensus to have Sonya 
resolve the matter. 
After all, Sonya was the most supportive of Aubree marrying into the Farwell family, and Lucian would 
still obey her to a certain degree. 
In consideration of that, Gina asked Sonya out right away. 
“You‘re here as well, Aubree? What would you like to eat? It‘s my treat today.” Sonya didn‘t notice 
anything amiss, taking her seat across from them with a smile. 
Aubree‘s smile was a tad forced. “Thank you, Mrs. Farwell, but I don‘t have much appetite today.” 
After saying that, she despondently lowered her head and placed both hands on her knees, twining her 
fingers together. 
Seeing that, Sonya queried in concern, “Are you not in a good mood? What happened?” 
However, Aubree merely pursed her lips and shook her head. 
At that, Sonya looked at Gina in bafflement. 
Gina‘s smile was likewise forced. She took out her phone and logged on to Twitter. This time, she didn‘t 
even have to search before she spotted the news report on the trending list. She tapped on it right 
away and handed the phone to Sonya. “Look at this headline.” 
Sonya‘s heart clenched at both their expressions, but still, she reached out and took it.
A smile bloomed on her face when she saw the contents of the news report. “I just knew that they 
make the perfect couple. Lucian will definitely treat Aubree all the better after getting married.” 
She vaguely found it strange when she again glimpsed the expressions of the two women across from 
her, but she couldn‘t fathom the reason. 
Sure enough, she didn‘t even realize that the woman in the photo wasn‘t Aubree. 
Suppressing the chagrin within her, Gina glanced at her daughter beside her before commenting with a 
conflicted expression, “But… Aubree wasn‘t sick at all last night. She was at home the whole night.” 
The moment Sonya heard that, the smile on her face gradually faded. 
Aubree was at home last night. In other words, the woman in the photo wasn‘t her. Then, who else 
could it be? 
She stared at the photo on the screen intently, a vague conjecture surfacing within her. 
Scree 
ES 
It was uncertain whether her presumption helped things along, but as she looked at the woman in the 
photo, the more she felt that it was Roxanne, 
Forcing a smile, Gina put on an understanding expression and ventured, “I was afraid that there‘s a 
misunderstanding, so I‘d like to ask whether Lucian has a cousin or something. Otherwise, this is really 
quite unacceptable.” 
At that, Aubree finally lifted her head and waited for Sonya‘s answer with an aggrieved yet hopeful 
expression.
At the sight of her prospective daughter–in–law suffering such a grievance, a wealth of guilt swamped 
Sonya when she glanced at the photo of her son carrying another woman once more. She couldn‘t 
bring herself to tell Aubree about the identity of the woman in the photo. 
A long while later, she enunciated, “No matter what, news of the wedding has been circulated. Now that 
such a scandal has broken out, our family is indeed at fault. Don‘t worry, Aubree. I‘ll definitely talk to 
Lucian. Such a thing will never happen again in the future!” 
Aubree‘s gaze darkened slightly, but she nodded docilely. 
Sonya hadn‘t the temerity to tarry there, so she got up and left with huge strides after taking her leave 
from them both. 
In the blink of an eye, Aubree‘s expression darkened entirely. 
After returning to the Pearson residence, she couldn‘t help looking at that news report again, especially 
the comments. 
One read: Wow, Mr. Farwell‘s bridal carry is perfect! His fiancée is so lucky! 
Another read: While the resolution of the photo is horrible, I can still see that his fiancée‘s aura and 
figure are incredible! As expected of Mr. Farwell‘s woman! 
And so it went. 
Without exception, they were all lauding Lucian‘s attentiveness toward the woman in the photo and 
how they make a perfect match. 
Seeing the comments increasingly steadily, Aubree pressed the lock screen hard. The screen went 
black at once.
A moment later, a muffled thud rang out in the room. 
The phone that was initially in Aubree‘s hand lay on the floor, the screen cracked.
###Chapter 200
Chapter 200
Roxanne had just gotten off work when she heard the employees in the research institute discussing 
Lucian and Aubree‘s marriage. 
“Mr. Farwell is so attentive! He actually took care of his fiancée for the entire night. If it were my 
boyfriend, he would never do so.” 
“Most importantly, he‘s handsome and rich. His fiancée is beautiful as well. She resembles Dr. Jarvis 
quite a bit, so she must be a beauty!” 
Similar sentiments drifted into the air. 
The group of researchers chatted as they walked. When they caught sight of Roxanne, they even bid 
her farewell. “See you tomorrow, Dr. Jarvis.” 
Smiling, Roxanne answered them one by one. 
However, she couldn‘t help feeling puzzled upon hearing their discussion. 
Lucian took care of his fiancée the whole of last night? But he had been with me the entire time last 
night. When did he meet up with Aubree? 
Just when she found it strange, Colby came up to her from behind. “Are you free tonight? How about 
having dinner together?” 
Abruptly snapping back to her senses, Roxanne flashed him an apologetic smile. “I still need to rush 
over to the kindergarten to pick my kids up, so I‘m afraid I‘ll have to take a rain check. Another day, 
perhaps. When the project concludes, I‘ll treat everyone to a meal.”
When Colby heard that, a glimmer of disappointment flashed across his eyes, but he said nothing in 
the end. Talking about the project, he exited the research institute with her. 
As Roxanne didn‘t drive to work, she could only hail a taxi by the roadside. 
A moment later, Colby‘s car slowly came to a stop in front of her. “Did you not drive?” 
In response, Roxanne shook her head. 
“Where are you going? I‘ll give you a ride. I don‘t have anything to do tonight anyway, and it isn‘t easy 
to get a taxi here.” Colby‘s smile was warm and gentle. 
was warm 
Roxanne hesitated for a second. She glanced at the time, only to see that it was indeed time Archie 
and Benny got off school. Thus, she didn‘t decline but opened the car door and got into the car. 
No sooner had she settled into the car than she received a call from Harvey again, inquiring about the 
project‘s progress. 
She explained things to him briefly and succinctly. 
After hanging up the phone, she was just about to put her phone away when a push notification 
popped out. 
The headline read: Mr. Farwell drove his fiancée to the hospital in the middle of the night and kept her 
company the entire night. 
Seeing that, she inexorably recalled the situation last night and the employees‘ discussion earlier. 
Unbidden, she tapped open the link.
Right after doing that, two blurry photos entered her line of sight. 
The instant she saw the photos, she froze. She didn‘t even have to tap into them to tell that the woman 
in there was her. 
The first photo was taken when she was delirious with a high fever, probably when Lucian carried her 
from the car to the hospital. 
Even when she woke up in the hospital, she was still in the man‘s arms. 
Wd 
rms 
However, she didn‘t expect them to look so close in the photo. 
That aside, the man seemed to exert particular care when carrying her. 
The second photo was taken when she got into the car with Estella in her arms, while Lucian stood at 
the side. 
She had no idea where the person who snapped the photo hid that neither of them perceived his 
presence. 
Besides, the paparazzo who published that news evidently couldn‘t distinguish between her and 
Aubree that such a misunderstanding transpired. 
Fortunately, the photos were exceedingly blurry, so much so that only those closest to her could tell 
that the woman in them was her. 
With her brows creased, Roxanne continued scrolling downward, only to see that the comments below 
were all envious of her because of Lucian‘s attentiveness toward her.
Little did they know that she didn‘t feel the least bit happy about it. 
After looking through them for a while and ascertaining that no one realized that the woman in the 
photos wasn‘t Aubree, she put away her phone with mixed emotions. 
Hoping to avoid unnecessary trouble, she didn‘t plan on clarifying things. 
Instead, she merely found the entire misunderstanding rather amusing.
###Chapter 201
Chapter 201
Colby noticed that Roxanne was scrolling through her Twitter feed for a while and asked out of 
curiosity, “Are there any hot topics that are worth keeping up with?” 
Hearing that, Roxanne gathered her thoughts and gave him a nonchalant smile. “Nothing much. I‘m 
just looking at some gossip.” 
Based on her current relationship with Lucian, his news could only be taken as gossip. 
Colby wanted to strike up a casual conversation with her and continued asking, “What is the gossip 
about? Did something happen to a celebrity recently?” 
Roxanne didn‘t expect that he would probe further. She was momentarily stunned and answered 
vaguely, “It‘s not a celebrity. I forgot their names and just clicked on it casually.” 
Once she finished speaking, she then changed the topic as if nothing had happened and didn‘t wait for 
Colby‘s reply. “The recent project is quite demanding, isn‘t it? I‘m already feeling tired from it.” 
Colby raised his brows subtly and went along with her change in topic. 
Roxanne got off work early that day, and as Colby sent her there, she reached the kindergarten just 
when they were done for the day. Archie and Benny scrambled out of the doors. 
At a glance, Roxanne immediately found Archie and Benny among the swarm of children and went 
over to bring them back. 
In the crowd, Estella looked at her pitifully. 
When Roxanne met her gaze, she felt a pang of inexplicable guilt in her heart.
However, when she recalled the news that she had just seen, she genuinely didn‘t want to face Lucian 
again. 
Thus, she could only harden her heart and bend down to touch Estella‘s head, saying, “Essie, can you 
wait for Daddy with Ms. Ward? I sull have some things to do, so I have to go back quickly.” 
Once she finished her words, she didn‘t dare to look into Estella‘s eyes again. She hurriedly got up as if 
she was running away and brought Archie and Benny into Colby‘s car. 
Archie and Benny sull had some impression of Colby, and they greeted him politely when they got into 
the car, “Hello, Mr. Galloway.” 
Colby gave them a warm smile. He started the car and slowly headed toward Roxanne‘s house. 
As Archie and Benny sat in the back row, they looked at Colby‘s face through the rearview mirror and 
fell into deep thought. 
Previously, they thought that Lucian wasn‘t bad and made Roxanne choose again. 
But now that Lucian was getting married to someone else, they thought that Colby wasn‘t bad 
too. 
On the other hand, when Cayden saw the news, he recognized the woman in the photo at first glance. 
After he saw the headlines, he immediately contacted Lucian. 
“Mr. Farwell, this news… Do you want us to make a clarification on it?” 
At that moment, Lucian was busy with his work. Hearing Cayden‘s words, he looked up at the phone 
that Cayden passed to him. 
When he saw the contents on the screen, his brows furrowed slightly.
He didn‘t even realize that they had been photographed. 
In the picture, the two of them indeed seemed like a loving couple. 
When he saw the comments below it, Lucian bit his lower lip. 
After not receiving a reply for some time, Cayden was puzzled and urged him, “Mr. Farwell?” 
Lucian retracted his gaze from the phone and returned Cayden his phone indifferently. “There‘s no need for that. Just leave it.” 
If he made a clarification, it would inevitably drag Roxanne into the mess. 
Recently, Roxanne had been wanting to cut all ties with him. Therefore, she certainly would not want to 
be involved in such a scandal. 
Hearing that, Cayden hesitated for a moment before agreeing to it. Seeing that Lucian had no other 
orders after waiting for a while, he quietly retreated from the otlice, 
When he heard the door to the oflice being gradually closed, Lucian paused his work, got up, and 
headed to the floor–to–ceiling window. 
By then, Roxanne should have seen the news as well. However, he didn‘t know how she would react to 
it.
###Chapter 202
Chapter 202
Seeing that it was almost the end of the day at the kindergarten, it was only then that Lucian gathered 
his thoughts and drove toward the kindergarten. 
Based on Estella‘s habit, he thought that he might even see Roxanne at the kindergarten, 
When he reached the kindergarten, he realized that he wasn‘t that late. However, Roxanne came 
earlier than him, and Archie and Benny had already left as well. 
Estella had the habit of waiting with Archie and Benny for Lucian to fetch her. But now, she was all 
alone, holding onto Pippa‘s hand timidly. 
“You‘re here, Mr. Farwell.” As Pippa knew Estella‘s situation, she was very cautious when dealing with 
Estella. 
Seeing that Lucian finally came, Pippa heaved a sigh of relief inwardly. 
Lucian nodded and took Estella over from Pippa. 
After they got into the car, Estella was still in low spirits. 
Lucian frowned and couldn‘t help but ask, “Why are you alone today?” 
Estella knew what he was trying to ask. She lowered her gaze, and there was a hint of grievance in her 
soft voice as she said, “Ms. Jarvis came to pick Archie and Benny up.” 
When he heard that, Lucian‘s gaze darkened slightly. 
Although Roxanne wanted to distance herself from him, he knew that she always had a soft spot for 
Estella.
When Estella saw Roxanne, there would be no way that she would let the latter leave so easily as well. 
Since the situation was out of the norm that day, the only reason for it would be that Roxanne saw the 
news. 
So is she avoiding me because she saw the news? 
Thinking of that, Lucian felt an inexplicable sense of displeasure deep down. 
Throughout the entire journey, the atmosphere in the car was depressing: 
Once they reached home, they saw that there was someone sitting in the living room. At that, Lucian 
couldn‘t help but furrow his brows slightly. “Mom, what are you doing here?” 
After Sonya left the café in the afternoon, she initially wanted to find Lucian for a chat at his office. But 
after giving it some thought, she decided not to interrupt him at work and headed to the manor to wait 
for him to come back. 
She waited for an entire afternoon but never had she expected that he would have such an 
attitude the moment he stepped in. 
Sonya, who was initially displeased, became even more upset. “What‘s wrong? Do you mean that I 
can‘t come over? Do you wish that I don‘t ever come here again so that you can hide things from us 
and marry Roxanne?” 
Upon hearing that, Lucian‘s expression turned dark, and he instructed Catalina, “Bring Essie upstairs.” 
Noticing the tension building up between the two, Catalina didn‘t dare to waste a single second and 
hurriedly brought Estella upstairs.
However, Estella slowly trudged up the stairs. Just now, I think I heard Grandma mention Ms. Jarvis. Is Daddy going to marry Ms. Jarvis? But the news clearly said that Daddy was getting married to Ms. Pearson… 
Estella was slightly puzzled, but she felt that if Lucian was going to marry Roxanne, it would be a 
dream come true. 
Meanwhile, Lucian remained expressionless as he sat down on the single couch opposite Sonya. 
“What‘s with the news today? Aren‘t you going to explain it to me?” Sonya questioned him coldly as 
she suppressed her anger. 
As soon as she said that, she saw Lucian looking up and meeting her gaze coldly. 
Their eyes met, and Sonya felt an oppressive aura surrounding her, causing her to restrain her rage. 
There was a hint of mockery in Lucian‘s voice as he refuted, “Did you not give me an explanation as to 
why the news of my marriage with Aubree got out as well? Besides, you didn‘t even ask for my 
opinion.” 
He had always known that Sonya wanted him to be with Aubree. However, never would he expect that 
she would resort to such harsh means. 
After the news of i got out, Lucian knew that he could no longer remain silent. 
Sonya felt a lump in her throat, and her expression changed. Although she felt rather guilty deep down, 
she sull replied stubbomly, “It has already been so many years since your marriage contract with 
Aubree. The two of you were going to be together sooner or later. I‘m just announcing it for you ahead 
of ume. Besides, you humiliated Aubree at Old Mr. Queen‘s birthday celebration previously, and we 
ought to make it up to her.”
###Chapter 203
Chapter 203
Hearing Sonya‘s words, Lucian pursed his lips mockingly. “If I don‘t intend on doing so, then how do 
you plan on settling Aubree?” 
A glint of shock flashed across Sonya‘s eyes before it soon turned into rage. “What are you saying? 
How many years has Aubree waited for you? How much has she sacrificed for you? Now you’re telling 
me that you don‘t have such intentions? The marriage contract between our two families has been 
circulating for so many years. Have you ever thought of how others would view us if we call it off?” 
Lucian coldly questioned her back, “Why do you think I haven‘t provided any response to this 
throughout the six years? I already told you that I don‘t need you to interfere in this. I will settle it 
myself!” 
In other words, he was certain that he never intended on fulfilling the marriage contract with Aubree. 
Having understood his intentions, Sonya‘s expression changed slightly. 
She had heard the Pearson family mention this before that Lucian personally told Aubree about his 
decision. 
Back then, she was full of doubts and thought that with Lucian‘s personality, he wouldn‘t let the 
marriage contract exist for so long if he didn‘t have the intentions of marrying Aubree. 
But now, she was personally hearing those words from Lucian. 
Sonya clenched the armrest of the couch tightly, her face turned dark. “If you don‘t plan on fulfilling the 
marriage contract with Aubree, then what are you planning to do? Are you going to marry Roxanne into 
our family again? I think you must have forgotten what she did back then!”
Ila 
At the mention of Roxanne, Lucian knitted his brows again but didn‘t respond. 
“Back then, you would have been with Aubree long ago if it weren‘t for her! Our family wouldn‘t have 
been treated as such a joke as well! She left without saying goodbye, but leaving behind a divorce 
agreement, and even abandoned Estella, causing such a young child to be sent back to the country. 
She even turned our family upside down. I will never allow a woman like her to ever step foot into our 
family again!” 
At the thought of Roxanne, Sonya felt her blood boil. She slammed the armrest on the couch forcefully. 
“I don‘t care about what you think now. If you want to marry Aubree, fine. If you don‘t, then so be it! 
Anyway, I‘ve already spread the news of your marriage with Aubree. The Farwell family will never go 
back on our word. Your marriage with Aubree is set!” 
With that, she didn‘t give Lucian the opportunity to refute and glanced at Estella‘s room upstairs, 
continuing in a softer tone, “After Aubree hit Essie last time, she hadn‘t had the chance to properly 
apologize to Essie. I’ll arrange for them to spend more time with each other during this period to 
improve their relationship. Essie has to accept Aubree as her mother eventually.” 
Seeing how obstinate his mother was, Lucian furrowed his brows. 
After all, it was his marriage, but they had already reached the stage of discussing the engagement 
ceremony before he could even give his opinions. 
Sonya was even willing to forgive Aubree after her beloved granddaughter was hit. 
He didn‘t know how much Aubrele was involved in the whole fiesta.
Seeing that he remained silent, Sonya took it that he was agreeing to it, and her anger dissipated. 
“Also, the woman in the picture on the news today is Roxanne, right?” 
Lucian remained silent. 
“I‘ll just take it that the news today was an accident. The news of your marriage with Aubree has 
already spread. I don‘t care what you think, but you‘d better keep a distance from Roxanne. Be more 
mindful of how your actions can impact the two families.” 
Seeming to remember something, Sonya frowned, adding, “And get that woman to keep to herself. I 
don‘t wish for there to be a repeat of the news today! The woman in the picture can only be Aubree!” 
Before Lucian had the chance to reply, Sonya got up and strode off. =
###Chapter 204
Chapter 204
After sitting in the living room for a while, Lucian instructed Catalina to get Estella down for dinner. 
Estella had been staying in her room obediently, thinking about what Sonya just said. She was full of 
anticipation as she fantasized about what it would be like if Roxanne became her mother. 
During dinner, she couldn‘t help but ask, “Daddy, are you going to marry Ms. Jarvis?” 
She then gazed at him expectantly. 
Ever since Estella came back, she only said a few words every time although she spoke quite a lot with 
him. That was the first time that she said such a long sentence to him. 
Lucian was taken aback before he realized what Estella was asking. As he thought about Estella‘s 
attitude toward Roxanne, he was curious and asked, “Do you like her?” 
As expected, Estella nodded. 
I like Ms. Jarvis the most! 
When he saw the joy on Estella‘s face the moment she mentioned Roxanne, Lucian frowned slightly. 
“What do you like about her?” 
After all, Estella had only spent a pitifully little amount of time with Roxanne, but she seemed to be very 
dependent on the latter. Besides, she seemed even closer to Roxanne than Lucian. 
Lucian couldn‘t seem to think of an explanation for that and could only take it that it was because of 
their mother–daughter bond.
Estella hadn‘t thought of that question before. Now that Lucian asked her, she tilted her head and 
thought about it seriously. 
After a pause, Estella counted on her fingers and answered seriously, “Ms. Jarvis is beautiful, gentle, 
cooks well and she is very nice to me…” 
Listening to her response, Lucian was filled with mixed emotions as he asked, “But Ms. Jarvis still has 
her two sons. Do you want them to stay with us too?” 
To that very day, Archie and Benny‘s existence still bothered Lucian. 
Although they were obedient, and Lucian was very fond of them, he felt bad for them every time he 
thought about how their father had heartlessly abandoned both the boys and their mother. 
On the other hand, Estella simply wore an innocent expression, and her eyes sparkled. “Archie and 
Benny are very nice to me, and I like them a lot too!” 
I like Ms. Jarvis, and I also like Archie and Benny! 
With that, she then remembered her initial question and looked at Lucian expectantly. “So, are you 
going to marry Ms. Jarvis, Daddy? I want Ms. Jarvis to be my mommy!” 
If not, why would Daddy ask me so many questions about Ms. Jarvis? 
As she thought about that, Estella became even more ‘hopeful and thought that Roxanne was definitely 
going to be her mom. 
But why is Daddy taking such a long time to answer me? 
Estella‘s eyes were filled with confusion, and the anticipation in her heart died down slightly. “Daddy?” 
she cautiously urged him.
Lucian snapped back to his senses, and his gaze darkened as he avoided Estella‘s eyes. “No.” 
At least not for the time being 
Refusing to give up, Estella frowned, and she recalled what Sonya previously said. “But Grandma said 
that–” That Daddy wanted to marry Ms. Jarvis. 
Before Estella could finish her words, Lucian interrupted her in a low voice, “It was just a 
misunderstanding.” 
Lucian didn‘t wish to continue with the conversation and filled Estella‘s plate with food. “Let‘s eat. Rest 
early after you‘re done eating.” 
Estella got excited and talked so much previously just because she thought that Lucian was going to 
make Roxanne her mom. 
But now that she heard his response, she lowered her gaze dejectedly and lost her appetite. She 
forced herself to finish the food on her plate before she jumped down from her chair and went back to 
her room without saying a word. 
Upon seeing how dejected Estella seemed, Lucian knitted his brows and fell silent.
###Chapter 205
Chapter 205
On the other side. Roxanne brought the kids home. She was hesitating whether to invite Colby inside 
for a while. 
Colby could see her hesitation. Being a gentleman, he smiled and said, “It‘s getting late and I should 
head back. See you tomorrow.” 
Roxanne sighed in relief. She didn‘t ask him to stay. Instead, she smiled and said her goodbyes. 
After watching his car drive off, she held the hands of the two children and led them through to the 
door. 
Lysa had already prepared dinner. Seeing that they had returned, she served the food. 
Roxanne treated Lysa like her family. During meals, she would eat at the table with them. 
During their meal, Lysa smiled and asked, “Ms. Jarvis, have you seen the news today? You and Mr. 
Farwell…” 
Lysa came across the news in the afternoon earlier, The media had accidentally mistaken Roxanne for 
Lucian‘s fiancée. While she found it hilarious, she also felt like the two of them looked good together. 
Just as she wanted to tease Roxanne, the latter interrupted her. 
“It‘s nothing but a misunderstanding, so just act like you saw nothing.” 
Roxanne looked down when she spoke. At the same time, she served food for the two children. 
Seeing that she didn‘t want to talk about it, Lysa took the hint and said no more. She changed the topic 
and started to tell stories about the children in kindergarten.
On the other hand, Archie and Benny were intrigued by her words. However, they did not show it. They 
ate the food that and answered Lysa‘s questions obediently. 
They struggled to make it through dinner. That night, the two of them were not in their usual mood to 
play Lego. Instead, they rushed back to their room. 
Roxanne‘s heart could not help but sink slightly. She knew that the children were aware of the 
news. 
Inside the room, Archie and Benny intuitively opened up their social media and searched for Lucian‘s 
name. 
Soon enough, they saw the trending articles. 
When they clicked on it, they saw two pictures that appeared in almost every article. 
The two children did not need to zoom in to see that the woman in the pictures was their mother. 
However, the titles of the articles stated that it was Lucian and his fiancée. 
The two children were confused for a moment. 
From what they knew, that man was supposed to marry someone else. Why would the news post pictures of Mommy and claim that she‘s his fiancée? 
Regardless, even from their points of view, the pictures showed that Lucian treated their mother very 
well. 
They thought back to the night that Roxanne had fallen sick, and how Lucian had cared for her. His 
attitude back then was even better than what was shown in the photos.
Beneath the articles, all the comments praised how well Lucian treated Roxanne. There were also a lot 
of comments saying they looked very compatible. 
The children were slowly wavering. 
After reading through the articles, Archie and Benny could not help but carry their laptops and run to 
their mother for answers. “Mommy, are you getting together with Mr. Farwell?” 
Roxanne took a look at the articles on the screen. She couldn‘t help but frown. 
Screei 
She was worried Archie and Benny would misunderstand. That was why she didn‘t want Lysa to say 
too much during dinner. Unexpectedly, the two children decided to investigate the matter themselves. 
Archie and Benny looked at Roxanne with their eyes wide. 
“No. His fiancée is Aubree Pearson. You guys have met her. The news reports are wrong.” After a 
moment of silence, Roxanne forced herself to suppress her discomfort and give the two children an 
explanation. 
Hearing that, Archie and Benny exchanged a glance with each other. Archie nodded his head 
obediently and said nothing more. 
Meanwhile, Benny felt a slight pang of disappointment in his heart. 
He thought that he was finally going to have a father.
###Chapter 206
Chapter 206
After Sonva had a talk with Lucian, she returned home. The first thing she did was call the Pearson 
residence. 
After the news was released, Aubree refused to go into the office and hear all the employees gossip 
about how good Lucian looked with Roxanne in the photos. Thus, she decided to stay home for the 
next two days. 
When Sonya called, Aubree was right next to Gina, 
“I‘ve already spoken to Lucian. Tell Aubree not to worry. This won‘t happen again. Just rest easy and 
wait for the engagement!” said Sonya over the phone. 
Gina glanced over at Aubree and gestured for her to answer. 
answG 
Aubree adjusted her mood. In a polite tone, she said, “Thank you, Mrs. Farwell.” 
Hearing her voice, Sonya was stunned. Guilt washed over her heart when she thought about how 
Lucian had mentioned he had no intention of fulfilling the marriage contract with her. “Aubree, I‘m sorry 
you have to go through this.” 
Aubree‘s expression turned ugly. However, her words remained polite. “I‘m fine, Mrs. Farwell. As long 
as I can be with Lucian, I am willing to bear with all these.”
Sonya felt bad for her. “Don‘t worry. No matter what, I will only acknowledge you as my daughter–in– 
law. You can forget about the news yesterday. Everyone thinks the woman in the photo is you anyway, 
so no one will say anything.” 
Aubree responded with more thanks. 
After some small talk, the call ended. 
Aubree could finally let her heart down. 
However, when she recalled how intimate Lucian and Roxanne looked in those two pictures, she 
couldn‘t help but feel her anger rise. 
Previously, during Alfred‘s birthday celebration, Roxanne had already humiliated her once. 
Now, she almost ruined Aubree‘s engagement. 
It seems like I have to teach that b*tch a lesson. She needs to be put in her place! 
After thinking about it all night, Aubree went to wait by the entrance of the kindergarten the next 
day. 
She watched as Roxanne dropped Archie and Benny off. When she turned around to go back to her 
car, Aubree quickly followed behind her. She strode over and opened Roxanne‘s front passenger seat 
door. 
Roxanne automatically assumed it was Lucian. She raised an eyebrow and looked over. When she 
saw who it was, her face turned solemn. “What do you think you‘re doing, Ms. Pearson?” 
Aubree smirked. “Nothing. I just wanted to have a chat with you. Are you free now, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne could already guess what she wanted to talk about. With a frown, she answered, “Sorry, but 
I‘m busy. I don‘t have time to chat.” 
“You don‘t even know what I want to say, but you‘re in such a hurry to reject me. Could it be that you‘re 
feeling guilty, Ms. Jarvis?” Aubree asked mockingly. 
Hearing that, Roxanne‘s face stiffened. She turned to meet Aubree‘s eyes. “I have work in the morning, 
so I‘ll only be free at noon. Since you‘re the one who suggested a talk, you can pick a place. I‘ll be 
there.” 
The only reason she rejected Aubree was that she felt like she had already drawn a clear line with 
Lucian. She was not interested in being drawn into Aubree and Lucian‘s relationship again. 
On 
However, considering the fact that Aubree had taken things that far, she would only get worse in the 
future. 
Roxanne decided she might as well just clear things up now. 
Seeing that she had agreed, Aubree no longer pestered her. She opened the car door and got down. 
Watching her figure disappear from her line of sight, Roxanne suppressed the confusion in her heart. 
She started the car and headed toward the research institute. 
These two days were a critical period for the project she was handling. Thus, she was completely 
swamped with work the entire morning. 
By the time she got done and took a look at her phone, she realized it wasn‘t long before it was time for 
her to meet Aubree at the designated time.
Roxanne did not delay. She quickly got into her car and set off.
###Chapter 207
Chapter 207
Chapter 207 Despite her speedy driving, 
Aubree was already sitting there waiting when she reached the café.“You’re a very busy woman, Ms. 
Jarvis. I have to wait such a long time just to meet you.” 
The moment they met, Aubree lashed out with a sarcastic comment. Roxanne sat down opposite her. 
“My apologies. I was very busy this morning. 
I am sorry you had to wait long, Ms. Pearson.” Even after that, she could tell that Aubree still wanted to 
mock her further. Roxanne was not in the mood to waste more time with her. 
“Ms. Pearson, as you can tell, I am quite a busy person. If you have anything to say, just get straight to 
the point. I still have to rush back to work.” . 
Hearing that, Aubree swallowed her words. 
She couldn’t help but choke up as her expression turned cold. 
“Don’t you know what I want to say? My engagement with Lucian has been public news for a very long 
time. 
I doubt you haven’t seen it!” Roxanne had already expected she would say something along those 
lines. 
Her facial expression did not waver. “I have seen it. I wish you two lifelong happiness.” 
“Roxanne Jarvis!” When Aubree saw how chill Roxanne’s attitude was, she couldn’t help but retort, 
“There’s only the two of us here Why are you still putting on an act?
Since you already knew about my engagement with Lucian, how will you explain the news headlines 
yesterday?”. 
It was just as Roxanne had suspected. Disdain filled Roxanne’s heart, but her face remained neutral. 
“Shouldn’t you be very happy to read yesterday’s headlines? 
Everyone is talking about how considerate Mr. Farwell is being toward his fiancée. Isn’t that exactly 
what you want?” Anyhow, she had no intention to step forward with the truth. 
To an outsider’s eye, the woman in the photo was Aubree. Aubree’s face was still icy. 
She clenched her fists in an attempt to soothe the anger in her heart. 
She stared frostily at Roxanne and replied, “I don’t need those two photos to prove how well Lucian 
treats me. 
For the past six years, he has loved me only! 
If it wasn’t for you, the person who married him would have been me too!” Roxanne was indifferent to 
her words. 
Aubree was telling the truth. Six years ago, Lucian himself had said that the only woman he intended to 
marry was Aubree. Roxanne still remembered that very clearly. 
“Six years ago, you came in between Lucian and me. We missed out on so much time together 
because of you.” Aubree’s face tensed. 
“Now, everyone in Horington knows about the engagement between Lucian and me. 
Since you know about it, I hope you take better care of your reputation and stay away from him.
Six years ago, you were the other woman. 
I hope you don’t repeat that mistake. We are both women, but I feel ashamed for you!” Roxanne 
frowned. 
“Instead of spending your time criticizing me, why don’t you use that time on Mr. Farwell?” Six years 
ago, it was her ignorance that made her fall for Lucian. 
However, Lucian was the one who kept trying to get closer to her at the moment. 
Seeing that she was still in denial, Aubree’s tone lowered. “I am here to warn you out of kindness. Six 
years ago, you might not have cared about your reputation. 
Now, you have two children, so you should take them into consideration. 
If they knew their mother was the third party in someone else’s marriage, I wonder what they will think!” 
Initially, Roxanne had intended to listen to what Aubree had to say. 
She thought that maybe they could get past the conflict between them. However, she never expected 
Aubree to bring Archie and Benny into the conversation. 
Immediately, Roxanne’s face turned sour. “Ms. Pearson, you can rest assured that I have no interest in 
turning back. 
However, I can’t control how Mr. Farwell feels. I suggest you put more time and effort into pleasing Mr. 
Farwell instead.” 
With that, Roxanne stood up to leave without giving Aubree a chance to answer.
###Chapter 208
Chapter 208
Chapter 208 Roxanne left 
The café at a much earlier time than she expected. After getting in the car, Roxanne gripped the 
steering wheel. For a long time, she didn’t start the car. 
Her mind was a complete mess. After being overseas for six years, she thought that she had gotten 
over her past. To her surprise, when Aubree brought it up to her, her mood was still affected. When she 
married Lucian six years ago, she did not even have any idea who Aubree was. 
If she had… When she recalled how foolishly in love she was with Lucian back then, she mockingly bit 
her lower lip. There was a possibility she would have insisted on marrying him anyway. 
However, the happiness she felt when she married Lucian was equalized to how miserable she felt 
when she left him. 
Who would have thought that after a long time being married, they had only fulfilled their duties as 
husband and wife once after she drugged him. Not to mention, the next morning, she left with her heart 
broken. 
Thinking back to it, Roxanne felt she was so pitiful and hideous back then. Even worse, six years had 
passed, and still, she was the thorn between Lucian and Aubree’s relationship. She still remembered 
how Lucian had sworn he wanted to marry Aubree. 
Yet, for some reason, it had dragged on for six years. Their relationship remained stuck at the 
engagement stage. 
The way he treated her was vastly different from six years ago. Roxanne was getting more confused 
about what went on in his mind. After being lost in her thoughts for a while in her car, Roxanne realized
that time was running out. She slowly came back to reality, started her car, and headed for the research 
institute. 
She arrived just in time for her to clock back into work. Just as she got out of her car, she ran into 
Colby. He had just returned from having lunch outside. “Dr. Jarvis, did you have a lunch appointment?” 
Colby smiled and walked with her to the research facility. 
Roxanne thought of her unpleasant experience earlier that afternoon. She shook her head. Colby 
looked at her for several seconds. After some hesitation, he asked, “You seem like you’re in a bad 
mood. Did your lunch appointment not go well?” Roxanne couldn’t help but feel taken aback. 
She didn’t think she would be so easy to read. When he saw how she looked a little surprised, Colby 
knew he had guessed it right. With a chuckle, he changed the topic. “Since you’re upset, why don’t you 
head home earlier? I’ll handle the project. You should take the time to relax.” 
Roxanne declined. “I can’t let something small like this affect my work.” 
Hearing that, Colby glanced at her in confusion. Slowly, he said, “Dr. Jarvis, do you not trust me? All 
this while, everyone has seen how hard you’ve been working on this project. 
Many employees were also forced to work overtime because of that. There’s bound to be some 
complaints. Why don’t you give everyone a day off today? You can use the time to readjust your mood. 
I’m sure it’ll help you become more efficient with work later on too.” Roxanne couldn’t argue with his 
reasoning. She was used to the tough working life overseas. 
After coming back, she just assumed that everyone could be like her. 
However, she forgot the fact that that was her first time working together with these employees.
For the past two days, their research progress had been slowing down. Thinking of that, Roxanne 
nodded at Colby appreciatively. 
“Thank you for the reminder. Since that’s the case, rest early today.” 
At noon, all the workers in the research institute got off work early. Roxanne headed straight to the 
kindergarten to pick Archie and Benny up. 
Because of her earlier conversation with Aubree, she had no idea how to face Estella. Hence, when 
she picked Archie and Benny up, she did not dare to look at Estella at all. 
Instead, she left straight away.
###Chapter 209
Chapter 209
“Are you in a bad mood, Mommy?” Archie and Benny looked at her with concern. 
Roxanne was taken aback. She thought she had hidden her emotions well in front of her kids, but they 
saw right through her ruse. 
“Why did you ask?” she asked nonchalantly, glancing at them in the rearview mirror. 
Archie‘s face creased in bewilderment. “You ignored Essie just now. Did Mr. Farwell annoy you?” 
The slightly unsettled feeling gnawed at the pit of her stomach at the mention of Lucian. 
She must have been really close with him during that period of time for Archie to have misunderstood 
Benny added, “Essie almost cried.” 
Roxanne drew her brows together in a frown, and her heart wrenched as she could only imagine 
Estella‘s pitiable face without seeing it for herself. 
She wished she could apologize to Estella. 
Aubree‘s words further solidified her inclination to cut all ties with Lucian. 
She didn‘t want to interfere with the kids‘ friendship, but she really wanted to limit her contact with 
Lucian. 
Roxanne stole a casual peek at them and said, “Come out earlier after your classes end. I‘ll be busy for 
the time being, so Ms. Lane will pick you up.”
Archie and Benny didn‘t get the desired answer and exchanged puzzled glances before nodding 
obediently. 
The doorbell rang shortly after Roxanne led them inside the house. She froze before turning to answer 
the door. 
Madilyn stood on the other side with a pinched expression. She opened her mouth, but she noticed 
Archie and Benny inside, and the words caught in her throat. 
“What is it?” Roxanne turned sideways to let her pass. 
Madilyn sucked in a deep breath, holding on to her temper by the thinnest of threads. “I‘ll tell you in a 
bit.” 
Roxanne didn‘t press her for answers and invited her to stay for dinner. 
Madilyn only began her rant when Archie and Benny had gone upstairs after dinner. “I saw the news 
yesterday. What was Lucian trying to do?” 
Roxanne was caught off guard by the question and didn‘t know how to respond. 
“He shouldn‘t have looked for you after deciding to marry Aubree!” Madilyn slapped her hand against 
the table. “I thought he had turned over a new leaf when he sought you out. I never expected to see the 
news.” 
Madilyn had always known about Lucian and Aubree‘s betrothal, and she didn‘t mind when it was 
publicized the last time. 
Roxanne and she lived next to each other, and she noticed that Lucian had been visiting Roxanne 
more frequently. She tried to find an excuse for him the last time when he and Aubree‘s betrothal was 
made public, thinking that he didn‘t mean it.
But yesterday‘s news had angered her greatly. 
If Lucian wanted to treat Aubree well, why would he look for Roxanne then? He‘s such a scumbag. 
Bitterness ate Roxanne‘s already troubled heart. “He was set to marry Aubree from the get–go. Don‘t 
overthink things.” 
Madilyn stared at her best friend in shock. The person who should be the most affected by the news is her, yet here I am, making her feel worse with my tirade. 
She leashed her irritation and shot out of her seat, grabbing Roxanne‘s arm. “Come on, we‘re going out 
for drinks and won‘t be back until we‘re both drunk as a skunk. Forget all about those low–life men!”
###Chapter 210
Chapter 210
Roxanne was worried about leaving Archie and Benny at home, but Madilyn assured her that she had 
informed Lysa beforehand. 
Soon, both ladies were standing outside the entrance of a bar, and Roxanne followed Madilyn 
impetuously 
Madilyn was clearly a regular at the bar. As soon as they stepped in, an employee immediately greeted 
them and led them to a booth near the dance floor. 
Pulsating music blared as well–dressed men and women gyrated on the dance floor. Roxanne found 
herself slowly letting loose in the electric atmosphere. 
“Drinks are on me tonight. Let‘s drink our fill!” Madilyn yelled in her ear. 
Then, she ordered a bottle of alcohol worth ten thousand and poured a glass for Roxanne. “There are 
plenty more fishes in the sea. Let‘s not get hung up on one!” 
Roxanne accepted the glass and clinked it with Madilyn‘s, tossing back her drink in one gulp. 
Madilyn cracked a satisfied smile at Roxanne‘s bold attitude. 
She had drunk with Roxanne a few times when they were in university. Though Roxanne may look 
well–behaved, she could surely hold her liquor very well. 
Madilyn had mentally prepared herself to throw in her lot with Roxanne tonight just to lift her spirits. 
Roxanne downed a few more glasses, and she started to loosen up, putting the day‘s problems on the 
back burner.
Madilyn wasn‘t contented with only drinking, so she slammed her glass down on the table and seized 
Roxanne‘s hand. “Let‘s dance!” 
Then, she dragged her to the dance floor without waiting for a response. 
Their decision to come to a bar was a hasty one, so their outfits weren‘t exactly appropriate while the 
women around them were dressed scantily. 
However, their beautiful faces still attracted the gaze of other patrons. 
Roxanne was wearing a long dress that reached her knees, baring her pale calves as she moved 
rhythmically to the music under the strobing lights. A hint of a smile pulled at her lips, and her eyes 
were downcast. Her body movements were erratic yet oddly mesmerizing. 
Madilyn, on the other hand, was surveying the crowd as she danced, hoping to find a man better than 
Lucian for her best friend. Nonetheless, she was pushed to the middle of the dance floor in her 
engrossment and lost sight of Roxanne when she looked back. 
Her expression froze, and she stopped dancing and checking out on men, frantically searching for 
Roxanne in the press of bodies on the dance floor. 
“Are you looking for someone, beautiful?” a man asked flirtatiously. 
“Get out of my way! I‘m in the middle of a crisis.” She didn‘t even spare him a glance. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne immediately realized Madilyn was getting swallowed up by the crowd and called 
out her name twice, but her voice was drowned out by the deafening music, and she could only watch 
as her best friend disappeared before her eyes. 
She wanted to go after Madilyn, but her gaze was riveted upon a couple kissing passionately, and she 
halted in her tracks.
She turned and went to their booth after a pause, figuring Madilyn would make her way back here once 
she realized they had been separated. 
She wasn‘t keen on clubbing, to begin with, so it was a welcome respite for her. 
A cheery voice spoke beside her a few minutes later. “Hello, can I buy you a drink, if you don‘t mind?” 
The male voice was muffled by the cacophony of the bar, and Roxanne thought she had misheard him 
when she raised her gaze. Surprised crossed her face when she saw a polished man dressed in a 
casual shirt standing in front of her. 
He was also taken aback when their eyes connected. Knowing she didn‘t quite catch what he said, he 
leaned in closer to repeat himself a little louder, “Can I buy you a drink? You‘re very beautiful and 
elegant. I wish to befriend you if that‘s possible.”
###Chapter 211
Chapter 211
Roxanne frowned slightly and was about to reject Hugo Reynolds. Meanwhile, escaping from the crowd 
on the dance floor, Madilyn sat beside her directly and started to give Hugo a once–over. 
Hugo had an elegant appearance. His chiseled facial features remained obvious under the bar‘s dim 
light. Although Hugo lacked a fit body, he was not too skinny. Besides, judging from his attire, Madilyn 
could tell that his outfit cost about one hundred thousand. 
Hmm. I guess I can give him an eight out of ten? 
After rating him inwardly, Madilyn agreed before Roxanne could decline him, “Sure! Do you have any 
friends? Ask them to come over!” 
Hugo‘s table was right next to theirs. In fact, he had noticed them earlier when both of them danced 
together. Hence, he knew that they came together. Hearing Madilyn‘s agreement, Hugo did not hesitate 
and asked his friends to join their table. His friends were good–looking, and all of them dressed in 
expensive clothes. As they approached the table, they brought along their wine. 
As they came over, Hugo‘s friends were polite enough to maintain a reasonable distance from Roxanne 
and Madilyn. 
Upon scrutinizing the guys, Madilyn raised her brows as she questioned, “You guys are quite good– 
looking. Are all of you single?” 
They responded, “How dare we sit here if we aren‘t single?” 
Then, Madilyn swept a meaningful gaze at Hugo who had just approached her table. “How about him? 
Is he single as well?
Hugo merely smiled at his friends, hinting that he did not mind them telling her the truth. 
“Hugo‘s been single for years. We have no idea what kind of women he‘s interested in anymore. 
However, today…” As they replied, they cast him teasing glances. 
Hearing that, Hugo beamed and interrupted, “Stop talking. Let‘s have a drink, shall we?” 
In unison, his friends swiftly changed the topic. 
After having small talk with the guys, Madilyn got along well with everyone and soon filled the air with 
chatter. 
In reality, Roxanne came to the bar to drink her sorrows away. Facing that situation, she had no choice 
but to appear unruffled in front of everyone, despite feeling uncomfortable. 
Meanwhile, Madilyn was having a great time, and she moved to sit between the guys afterward. 
Subsequently, she played some drinking games with the others, leaving Roxanne to sit all alone at the 
side. 
There was a space between Roxanne and Hugo after Madilyn left. 
“I‘m sorry. Did we interrupt both of you?” Hugo asked apologetically. 
Hearing his question, Roxanne was briefly stunned. “Don‘t worry. We‘re all here to have a drink. You‘re not disturbing us at all.” She smiled faintly. 
He frowned and asked, “You don‘t seem to be in the mood for it. Are you in a bad mood?” 
Roxanne pressed her lips into a smile, admitting it silently. At the same time, it showed her reluctance 
to continue the conversation with him. 
Nonetheless, her indifference toward him piqued Hugo‘s interest.
Hugo could tell that she was unbothered to continue the conversation. Hence, he drank alone slowly at 
the side while fixing his eyes on Roxanne‘s face. 
At the side, Madilyn noticed that the two of them were drinking alone. That very sight pulled at 
Madilyn‘s heartstrings. To break the ice, she suggested playing a card game whereby the person who 
got the King of Hearts card could instruct anyone to do anything. 
Before Roxanne could refuse, Madilyn swiftly shoved a card into Roxanne‘s hand while she took the 
King of Hearts card. 
“Seven of Spades and Five of Diamonds.” 
Everyone looked at their cards. 
Looking at the Five of Diamonds card in her hand, Roxanne could feel a foreboding feeling growing in 
her heart. 
Madilyn gazed at her indifferently and voiced, “Since we know each other, I won‘t be requesting much. 
How about both of you drink a crossed–cup wine with each other? It‘s not too much to ask for, right?” 
It was indeed a simple request in a drinking game. Refusing to be a total buzzkill, Roxanne agreed to 
Madilyn‘s request with a smile. 
Hugo flipped his card, only to see he got a Seven of Spades. He glanced at Madilyn the matchmaker 
helplessly before turning to Roxanne and said, “Let‘s just clink our glasses instead of drinking a 
crossed–cup wine.” 
Seeing the Seven of Spades in Hugo‘s hand, Roxanne could feel her heart sink slightly. It was at that 
moment she realized Madilyn‘s intention to match them up. She regretted agreeing to her request that 
readily.
However, Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief after hearing what Hugo said. Then, she raised her glass to 
clink it against Hugo‘s glass.
###Chapter 212
Chapter 212
Meanwhile in the VIP room upstairs, Lucian watched the middle–aged men with pot bellies toasting 
each other with a blank expression. 
When he picked Estella up that afternoon, he noticed that she was in low spirits. Further to that. Estella 
had just thrown a tantrum at him upon reaching home. 
I guess Essie‘s in a bad mood because she hasn‘t seen Roranne in a while. Perhaps she treated Essie aloofly? Regardless of the reason, I‘m still the one to blame. She‘s keeping a distance from Essie on purpose because of me. 
Because of that matter, Lucian was feeling cranky the whole night. 
He got even more irritated for not obtaining any satisfactory proposal from those men, albeit having a 
long day of discussion. 
“Excuse me. I‘m heading out for some fresh air.” With that said, Lucian stood up directly. 
The men dared not utter a word and watched him stride out of the room. 
Lucian‘s private room was facing the dance floor downstairs. As he walked out, his gaze fell to the 
dance floor, and he saw a glimpse of a familiar figure. 
Immediately, Lucian paused in his tracks. 
The light flickered uncontrollably on the dance floor, and it caused Lucian to doubt his eyesight. As he 
attempted to look again, that familiar figure was already out of his sight.
He stood still, staring straight at the dance floor, hoping that he could locate that figure again. 
Nevertheless, he found nothing. Lucian retracted his gaze and started to scoff at himself inwardly. 
I wonder what kind of magic power Roxanne has? I was merely checking the place out. Why would I have a figment of my imagination? 
Just when he was about to turn around and return, he heard a loud noise coming from one of the tables 
downstairs. 
That sound instantly attracted everyone‘s attention. With that, almost everyone in the bar shifted their 
attention to the table, including Lucian. 
Lucian‘s eyes darkened at once when he saw the person from that table. 
It wasn‘t an illusion! That familiar figure was indeed Roxanne! She must have returned back to her table after getting tired of dancing on the dance floor. 
Lucian fixed his eyes on her and was quick enough to notice that she was getting surrounded by men. 
Apart from that, he also saw her grinning from ear to ear with one of them. 
From the look of it, they broke into an uproar because of what Roranne did with that man. They look intimate together. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne downed her drinks in one go after clinking glasses with Hugo. 
Witnessing that, everyone cheered excitedly for them. 
Roxanne put her glass down and sensed that something was amiss. She could feel someone looking in 
her direction from a distance when she drank the wine just now. 
She lifted her head to glance up instinctively, but it was dark.
Strange enough, she had a hunch that it was Lucian. 
With that thought in her mind, Roxanne suddenly lost her mood to continue drinking anymore. 
“I‘m tired. I think I‘ll make a move first.” Roxanne smiled apologetically to everyone before approaching 
Madilyn and suggested, “It‘s getting late. Let‘s go back.” 
Madilyn had been drinking for quite a while and was feeling quite tipsy. Hearing Roxanne‘s words, she 
nodded in a daze and murmured, “Okay. Have fun, guys. We‘ll leave first.” 
With that said, she stretched out her hand toward Roxanne. 
Roxanne strenuously helped her up while politely bidding goodbye to everyone. 
“Let me help you girls.” Hugo stood up and continued, “You seem to be struggling. Let me help you get 
her into the car.” 
Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds. Looking at the tipsy Madilyn, she agreed eventually, “Thank you 
for your help!” 
After interacting with Hugo that night, she had a pretty good impression of him. Besides, Roxanne 
could not support Madilyn alone after having a few glasses of wine. 
Seeing that she had agreed, Hugo went up to them and was about to lend Roxanne a hand. It was at 
that moment he heard a deep voice coming from behind. The tone of the man sounded displeased. 
“I appreciate your kindness, but I‘ll send the girls back. Thank you, Mr. Reynolds.”
###Chapter 213
Chapter 213
Several people were stunned to hear that voice. 
Roxanne‘s body instinctively stiffened at once. 
She knew Lucian too well. By listening to his voice alone, she could imagine his frosty expression 
at that moment. 
Moreover, Roxanne did not know how to face the man behind her due to recent events. 
However, Lucian had already walked in front of them. 
Hugo noticed Lucian‘s keen gaze on Roxanne. His expression changed immediately. “Mr. Farwell…?” 
He did not know that Lucian had another woman apart from Aubree. 
Nevertheless, suspicion began to creep into Hugo‘s mind when he saw Lucian‘s attitude toward 
Roxanne. 
Lucian‘s expression turned cold when he recalled the scene of Roxanne clinking her glass with Hugo 
earlier. “Mr. Reynolds, you should be careful when flirting with women. You shouldn‘t approach those 
who already have children.” 
As he spoke, Lucian threw Roxanne a meaningful glance. 
A look of surprise flashed in Hugo‘s eyes as he heard the sarcastic remark. 
Roxanne has children already? I didn‘t see that coming at all.
Roxanne did not expect Lucian to suddenly bring up the matter in front of a stranger and still used it to 
provoke her. Her expression darkened like a storm. “Yes, I do have two children. However, it doesn‘t 
affect my life nor what kind of people I make friends with. Mr. Farwell, you don‘t have to worry about 
me.” 
The surrounding temperature seemed to drop as Lucian turned his gaze to Hugo and his friends. 
Pursing his lips, he asked, “Are you sure you want to talk about this matter here?” 
They were very close to the dance floor. With their outstanding looks, they began to attract the crowd‘s 
attention. 
Noticing the curious glances from the onlookers, Roxanne clenched her fists to suppress her rising 
anger. Supporting Madilyn, she turned on her heel and strode out of the bar. 
Hugo subconsciously wanted to follow Roxanne. Nevertheless, he stopped in his tracks upon seeing 
that Lucian was walking closely behind her. 
As the cold breeze blew against Roxanne, she began to sober up by the time she walked to the 
entrance of the bar. 
When Roxanne was about to hail a taxi by the roadside, she heard clear footsteps from behind 
her. It was immediately followed by Lucian‘s commanding tone. “Let me take you girls home.” 
Without looking back, Roxanne turned down his offer. “Mr. Farwell, you don‘t have to do that. We can 
go home by taxi.” 
Lucian‘s brows creased as he went straight for her jugular. “How long do you think you‘ll have to wait 
for a taxi in a place like this? Or are you willing to make Archie and Benny wait for your return?” 
Hearing that, Roxanne froze.
Roxanne did not have time to explain to Lysa when she left the house earlier. Moreover, she did not 
know what Madilyn had said to them. Could Archie and Benny be waiting for me right now? 
The stalemate lasted for a while as there was not a single vacant taxi on the road. Instead, Madilyn had 
fallen asleep. 
A car slowly stopped in front of Roxanne. The passenger seat‘s window wound down to reveal Lucian‘s 
stern side profile. “Get in.” | 
Roxanne furrowed her brows at his order. 
However, Madilyn, who was standing beside her, shuddered in cold. Upon waking up, she saw a car in 
front of her and mistook it for a taxi. Without thinking, she opened the car door and settled inside. 
Madilyn‘s behavior made Roxanne stiffen in shock. The latter leaned over to ask Madilyn to get out of 
the car. Nevertheless, Roxanne saw that her best friend had already dozed off. 
After contemplating for a while, Roxanne followed suit. Looking at Lucian in front of her, she said faintly, 
“Thank you, Mr. Farwell. I guess I owe you a favor now.” 
Lucian frowned without replying to her. He instructed the driver to send them to Roxanne‘s residence in 
a deep voice. 
Soon, the car moved slowly and began to drive toward the destination. 
Throughout the ride, the car was dead silent apart from the occasional sounds of Madilyn s mumbling. 
The atmosphere inside the car was heavy.
###Chapter 214
Chapter 214
When they arrived at the mansion, Lucian suddenly spoke up when Roxanne was about to help 
Madilyn get out of the car. 
“If you‘re worried about your children, why would you go to a place like that?” 
Roxanne could see Lucian‘s frosty expression through the rearview mirror. 
Pausing for a moment, she replied, “Mr. Farwell, you made the bar sound like some kind of shady 
place. Weren‘t you there too?” 
“Unlike you, I was there for business. Ms. Jarvis, you sure have many men accompanying you earlier,” 
Lucian retorted. 
Roxanne could not help frowning at his jibe. At that moment, she also recalled the words Lucian had 
said to her at the bar. 
“Ms. Jarvis, since you already have two children, I advise you to clean up your act. Even if you don‘t 
care about your reputation, think about your boys. I wonder what will they think if they knew their 
mother has been frequenting that kind of place while chatting up some random guys,” . Lucian added 
slyly. 
It was not the first time they had discussed such topic. 
Roxanne did not know if it was because of the wine, but she could not suppress her anger at that 
moment. “Mr. Farwell, don‘t you think you‘re being nosy by meddling in my private life? So what 
if I‘ve two children? I‘m single right now. What‘s wrong with me having a drink or two with another man? 
We‘re all adults here,” she retorted.
* Was 
Lucian‘s frown deepened when he sensed that Roxanne was on the verge of losing her temper. He 
wanted to retort but ended up saying nothing. 
Despite having two children, I can‘t argue the fact that Roxanne is a single woman right now. Given our current relationship, I‘m not in a position to interfere with her private life either. Still, I get p*ssed seeing her with another man, 
After staying silent for a few seconds, Lucian uttered, “Are you planning to find a father for Archie and 
Benny in a place like that? Do you think you can find a reliable man there?” 
Roxanne let out a chuckle. “I‘ll only know if the man is reliable once we get to know each other. Of 
course, I can‘t find out if the man is reliable if you keep interrupting us like what you did earlier. Mr. 
Farwell, if you‘re so worried, why don‘t you introduce someone to me?” 
“Roxanne!” A flash of anger passed through Lucian‘s eyes. 
Roxanne averted her gaze in disappointment. “Mr. Farwell, since you don‘t plan to do that, you should 
mind your own business from now on.” 
OI 
With that, she opened the car door and helped Madilyn out of the car. 
Through the rearview mirror, Lucian saw that Roxanne was struggling to walk while supporting 
Madilyn. Frowning, he got out of the car and wanted to give Roxanne a hand. 
Sensing Lucian‘s intention, Roxanne immediately turned sideways to avoid him. Looking at the man, 
who was standing close to her, she said indifferently, “Mr. Farwell, you‘re right to say that people should
be careful while choosing a partner. I‘m not interested in a married man. Since you already have a 
fiancée, you should keep your distance from me.” 
Lucian‘s expression changed when he heard her remarks. 
Roxanne continued coldly, “Mr. Farwell, if Ms. Pearson and Estella misunderstand the situation, it might 
ruin the happy life in your family. I don‘t know how to make amends for that.” 
According to Aubree, Roxanne was the homewrecker six years ago. Hence, she did not want to come 
between them again. 
Lucian‘s expression darkened like a raging storm when he saw her indifferent attitude. The atmosphere 
around him was filled with tension. 
Nevertheless, Roxanne helped Madilyn inside as though she did not see his expression.
###Chapter 215 Giving Him The Cold Shoulder
Roxanne did not know how to face Estella due to her unpleasant encounters with Lucian. She would even avoid talking about Estella whenever Archie and Benny brought her up.
It did not take long for the two sensitive boys to notice Roxanne's strange attitude toward Estella. Even though they were not avoiding Estella in school, their attitude toward the latter had become colder.
Estella hardly spoke since she had just learned to talk. She would only speak a few words when others brought up a topic that she was interested in. Estella's condition gradually returned to its original state when Archie and Benny did not take the initiative to talk to her. Furthermore, she had not seen Roxanne for a few days.
Lucian was the only one who noticed the changes in Estella.
A few days ago, Lucian could still hear Estella speak up occasionally after bringing her home. Nevertheless, Estella had been unwilling to talk for the past two days.
Lucian was worried that Estella might suffer a relapse. However, the only person who could improve Estella's condition had made it clear that she wanted to keep her distance from Lucian. The man felt conflicted whenever he thought of Roxanne.
After picking Estella up from school in the evening, Lucian wanted to guide her into speaking by following James' method. "Essie, how are you doing in the last two days? Are you in a bad mood?" That kind of one-sided conversation had been going on for several days. Nevertheless, Estella remained silent.
Lucian thought it would be the same that day. Surprisingly, the moment he finished speaking, a sweet but pitiful voice sounded in the car.
Pouting, Estella said dejectedly, "I didn't see..."
"What didn't you see?" Lucian probed, feeling confused.
Estella mumbled, "Ms. Jarvis."
Then, she carefully counted on her fingers before stretching out four fingers. "Four days."
I haven't seen Ms. Jarvis for four days. It was Ms. Lane who picked up Archie and Benny every day. Even though Ms. Lane was also kind to me, I still miss Ms. Jarvis dearly.
Waves of emotions surged within Lucian, knowing fully well that Estella could not see Roxanne because the latter was avoiding him on purpose.
Nevertheless, he did not know how to explain the situation to Estella.
Lucian had not seen Roxanne since their argument when he sent her home from the bar that night.
As Roxanne said, the two of us are merely strangers right now.
As that thought occurred to him, Lucian felt an inexplicable sense of displeasure deep down.
After a while, he slowly broke out of his reverie.
Seeing how sullen Estella was next to him, Lucian suddenly felt that something was amiss.
Wait. Didn't she talk with me just now?
Realizing that, Lucian knitted his brows in amazement.
As if nothing had happened, he tried to get Estella to talk again. "Essie, what did you just say? I didn't hear it earlier. Can you repeat it for me?"
Estella simply kept her head low, revealing the round back of her head and her puffed cheeks. She turned a blind ear to his question.
Despite the lack of response, Lucian patiently patted Estella's head before trying to guide her again. "You said Ms. Jarvis didn't pick up the boys from school. Then, who was the one who fetched them these last two days?"
As soon as he mentioned Roxanne, Estella slowly raised her head to look at him.
Lucian's heart raced. He was expecting Estella to finally reply to him.
Much to his surprise, Estella merely glanced at him before shaking her head silently. Then, she lowered her head again as if she refused to communicate with him. 
###Chapter 216 A Glimmer Of Hope
Lucian furrowed his brows. He could not help thinking of Roxanne.
How did she manage to make Essie speak gradually?
He was at his wit's end while facing the same problem.
Noticing that Estella only seemed to respond to the mention of Roxanne's name, Lucian inquired again, "Essie, did you want to see Ms. Jarvis that much?"
Estella nodded vigorously and gazed at Lucian expectantly. She seemed to think that he had a way to let her meet Roxanne.
When Lucian saw Estella's hopeful expression, his gaze darkened slightly. He silently averted his gaze. "She likes you very much, Essie. Maybe she's been busy with work lately. Hence, she didn't have time to pick up the boys. Don't worry."
Not receiving the answer she had hoped for, Estella cast her eyes downward dejectedly. She nodded weakly in response.
No matter what Lucian said, Estella only responded by either nodding or shaking her head. She also fumbled around her bag for a notebook, intending to write down her reply for him.
Only the mention of Roxanne could evoke a more noticeable reaction from Estella.
The more Lucian tried to persuade her into talking, the more helpless he felt.
A while later, Lucian could not hold himself back from asking Estella. "Can you tell me why you're willing to talk at Ms. Jarvis' house? How did she teach you to speak up?"
That question could not be answered with a nod nor a shake of the head. Estella frowned, feeling troubled.
Estella became even more distraught at the thought of her time at Roxanne's house.
I want to stay with Ms. Jarvis a little longer.
Taking out a pen and paper, Lucian handed the items to Estella. "If you don't want to talk, you can write it down for me."
Lucian did not want to let Estella stay silent for long. With his current relationship with Roxanne, he could not send Estella to her. Therefore, he wanted to see if he could learn from Roxanne's method. Accepting the pen and paper, Estella wrote slowly: Archie and Benny will ignore me if I don't speak up.
A surprised look flashed across Lucian's face when he read Estella's reply.
So, the two boys are the reasons why Essie started speaking?
At first, Lucian thought that Estella would only relax when she was around Roxanne due to her affection for the woman. Therefore, Estella slowly began to talk.
However, he never expected that Archie and Benny would play such big roles in improving Estella's condition.
Arching his brows, Lucian asked, "Do you like Archie and Benny very much?"
Estella nodded firmly in response.
Archie and Benny have been nice to me ever since our first meeting. They also protected me in kindergarten. With the two of them around, the other kids didn't dare to bully me anymore. I feel like a princess o kindergarten now!
Estella's eyes gleamed whenever Lucian mentioned the two boys.
He felt conflicted upon seeing Estella's hopeful expression.
Still, it's easier to let Estella interact more with Archie and Benny than to send her to recover at Roxanne's house.
Thinking of that, Lucian felt relieved. "Since you like Archie and Benny so much, you can ask Catalina to prepare more snacks before going to school in the future. Then, you can share with the boys," he suggested.
Estella tilted her head, unable to comprehend Lucian's words for a moment.
Stroking Estella's head, Lucian added, "You should be nice to Archie and Benny and play more with them since they have been treating you so kindly."
Thinking of how kind the boys had been toward her all this while, Estella quickly nodded in response.
I have to treat Archie and Benny better so that they will play with me. 
###Chapter 217 I Miss You
The following day when Roxanne woke up, she realized it was almost half past seven.
Immediately, she got out of bed and washed up. Without having time to eat breakfast, she hurriedly brought the kids to the kindergarten. As Lysa was only in charge of picking the kids up, it was Roxanne's job to send them to the kindergarten on the way to work.
In order to avoid Lucian, Roxanne had been leaving the house very early in the past few days.
However, she could not wake up that day because she had worked late the night before.
Thus, Roxanne spent her whole journey praying she could avoid seeing Lucian.
However, things did not go her way. When she got out of the car, a Bentley with a familiar-looking number plate stopped behind her car.
A moment later, Lucian brought Estella out of the car.
Roxanne could not help but quicken her pace, wanting to send the kids inside the kindergarten as soon as possible and leave unnoticed.
"Good morning, Ms. Jarvis!" Pippa greeted her warmly.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne's heart sank as she stopped in her tracks.
Meanwhile, Lucian had already recognized the Mercedes-Benz in front of him when he got out of the car. When he looked over, he saw the figure of a woman leading two kids away.
It was obvious that the three were in a hurry. Thus, one would not believe it if Roxanne argued that she was not trying to avoid Lucian.
While standing hand in hand with her father, Estella's eyes drooped as she stared at the ground. It looks like I won't be seeing Ms. Jarvis today either.
Thus, when she heard the teacher's words, her eyes lit up as she immediately looked toward the kindergarten entrance.
"Ms. Jarvis!" Lucian had come up with all sorts of ways to make talk that day, yet all it took was one look at Roxanne for Estella to yelp excitedly. Furrowing his eyebrows mysteriously, Lucian loosened his grip on Estella's hand and allowed her to run over to Roxanne.
Roxanne had stiffened upon hearing Estella's voice and turned around a moment later.
Tilting her head to look up at Roxanne, Estella hugged onto her thigh, her eyes filled with excitement.
"You're here, Essie." Roxanne's heart softened when she saw Estella's face. Then, Roxanna squatted down to pat the little girl's head.
Estella nodded with a smile before slowly asking, "Ms. Jarvis, why didn't you pick Archie and Benny up from the kindergarten?" After saying that, she put up four fingers and added coquettishly, "Four days. I miss you a lot."
Upon hearing that, Roxanne's gaze softened as she struggled for an answer.
Although Roxanne knew Estella would be anxious if she did not see her, she also needed to avoid Lucian. Thus, Roxanne had no choice but to do so.
When Roxanne saw how upset Estella was, she felt guilty. After staying silent for a moment, she forced an excuse. "I miss you too. I've been busy with work lately, so I don't have the time to pick them up from kindergarten. Don't worry. You'll soon see me every day after I finish my work." After saying that, she averted her gaze in guilt.
However, Estella had taken her word seriously and nodded obediently. "I'll wait for you!"
Roxanne forced a smile. "Good girl. You're going to be late, so you should head inside with Archie and Benny." After saying that, she could not help but advise her two children, "Remember to take good care of her."
Archie and Benny were confused after seeing their mother's attitude toward Estella. Thus, they hesitated for a moment before nodding obediently.
After seeing them entering the kindergarten, Roxanne stood up and nodded at Lucian, who was behind her, as a greeting. Then, she turned around and was about to leave.
However, a large hand grabbed her wrist after she had just taken two steps. 
###Chapter 218 I Have No Choice
"Mr. Farwell, is there anything I can help you with?" Roxanne halted in her tracks and turned around to look at Lucian as if he was just a stranger.
Upon meeting her gaze, Lucian furrowed his eyebrows.
The attitude Roxanne had now was as distant as the time when they first got divorced. It was the same attitude that had caused Lucian to perform unexpected acts.
Back then, Lucian thought Roxanne would really disappear from his life if he did not attract her attention.
As Lucian did not answer, Roxanne tugged her wrist back with a frown. "If there's nothing much, please let go of me. I still need to go to work."
Both their outstanding looks quickly garnered attention. After all, not only were they attractive, but the parents of the kindergarten were not ordinary people. Thus, most of them knew who Lucian was. Many of them had already turned around to look in their direction.
Roxanne feared it would be too scandalous if they continued to be seen with each other for another second longer.
If that happened, she would soon be facing a lot of trouble.
Lucian finally snapped to his senses when he noticed her struggle. While loosening the grip on her hands, he spoke with a complicated expression. "After talking with Estella yesterday, I realized that her speedy recovery was mostly because of your efforts. Thus, it's only right for me to show you my appreciation."
Not only was that an excuse to ask Roxanne to stay behind, but it was also something he meant from the bottom of his heart after his experience the day before.
At first, Lucian thought Roxanne was just someone to cheer Estella up by staying by her side. Thus, he did not expect Roxanne to bring such a significant impact on Estella.
It must have taken Roxanne a great deal of effort to make Estella talk again.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne replied blandly, "That's all right. You have helped me quite a lot recently. Besides, I've told you that we don't owe each other anything, so there's no need for that."
After saying that, Roxanne nodded before making her way past him and into the car.
"Perhaps, you can see the gesture as I'm trying to get on your good side," Lucian started lowly.
Roxanne halted her steps, unsure what he was trying to say.
Looking at the woman standing beside her, Lucian pursed his lips indifferently. "If I remember correctly, you once said that the children are innocent and should not get involved in our matters. However, does this only apply to Archie and Benny?"
Upon hearing that, Roxanne turned around and met his gaze. "What do you mean?"
Lucian raised an eyebrow. "You know that Essie likes you and would feel sad if she doesn't see you. However, you refused to meet her multiple times, knowing that this might cause her condition to worsen. Isn't Essie innocent in this matter? I don't mind if it's me you want to avoid, but there's no need to do the same thing on her as well."
Roxanne was promptly taken aback when she heard that.
Although she had considered if Estella would feel upset for not seeing her, Roxanne dismissed the thought as she had never seen herself as someone important. Besides, Lucian would definitely take good care of Estella.
Besides, Lucian would pick up and drop off Estella every day. If Roxanne did not deliberately avoid them, there was a high chance she would bump into them.
"Essie has been sad that she didn't get to see you. However, as her father, I admit I'm not on the best terms with you. Thus, what I can do is treat you to a meal to thank you for taking care of Essie, and also take this opportunity to ask you to spend more time with her." Lucian's tone was polite yet distant, leaving no room for argument.
Although Roxanne did feel guilty toward Estella, she furrowed her eyebrows upon hearing Lucian's ending statement. "Perhaps you're too used to doing business, but let me tell you that not all matters can be solved with a meal or two. I'll head to work now if you have nothing else to say." 
###Chapter 219 Medical Conference
A faint scowl appeared on Lucian's face. Just when he wanted to speak, the sound of a ringtone interrupted the awkward atmosphere between them. Roxanne averted her gaze apathetically and took out her phone from her bag. When she glanced at the caller ID, she saw that it was Larry calling.
At that, she secretly sighed with relief. Larry's phone call came to my rescue!
After nodding toward Lucian, Roxanne picked up the phone and walked to her car.
This time, Lucian did not try to stop her.
Walking past Lucian, Roxanne could feel herself easing up.
Meanwhile, Lucian recalled the caller ID on Roxanne's phone while staring at her retreating figure. If I remember correctly, that man even had a meal privately with Roxanne. They seemed to have had a good time, too. Hmm, I didn't expect them to be so close.
At that realization, Lucian's expression abruptly darkened.
"Larry, is something the matter?"
After Roxanne picked up the phone, they exchanged pleasantries until she got into the car. Then, she took the initiative to ask about Larry's reason for calling.
At the other end of the line, Larry replied with a chortle, "Why are you acting so distant toward me? Can't I call you even if there's nothing much?"
Without Lucian by her side, Roxanne had loosened up quite a bit. Smilingly, she answered, "Of course, you can. However, I'm sure most people wouldn't call this early in the morning just to chat."
It was not like Larry did not know about her schedule. After all, Roxanne would usually be sending the kids off to kindergarten or on the way to work at that hour. Thus, there was no way Larry would suddenly call without reason.
Upon hearing that, Larry stopped the small talk and changed the topic. "I called to arrange a time to meet as I have something to give you. What time are you free? Is this afternoon okay?"
After pondering for a moment, Roxanne answered, "I'm fine to meet up during lunch hour. Are you alright to meet near my research institute?"
Larry promptly agreed.
After hanging up the call, Roxanne was confused about what Larry had said during the call. I wonder what he wants to give me. He's acting so secretive too.
It was afternoon when Roxanne wrapped up her work and walked out of the research facility. When she saw the GPS location sent by Larry, she saw he had picked a Chanaean restaurant near her research institute.
After packing up her things, she quickly headed over.
By the time she arrived, Larry was already there waiting for her.
Roxanne sat at the seat opposite of him. "My apologies. You must have been waiting for a long time."
Larry smiled nonchalantly. "I'm used to it. Anyway, you must be famished from working the entire morning, so I've already ordered for you. I hope the food suits your tastes." After saying that, he signaled the waiter to serve the dishes.
After the dishes were served, the duo chatted while eating.
"You mentioned you wanted to give me something during the call. What is it?" As Roxanne was hungry, she immediately dug into her food as soon as it was served. Only after listening to Larry talking for some time did she look up and ask.
Larry took out an invitation card with a grin. "There's a medical conference in Bellridge that many experts from the medical field will show up. I thought you might be interested, so I asked them for another invitation."
Upon hearing that, Roxanne's eyes lit up. After all, if even Larry regarded them as experts, the people attending must be at least on the same par as her professor, Harvey Lambert.
As such, she would beg to have an opportunity to discuss medical knowledge with them. 
###Chapter 220 It Is Supposed To Be Yours
Roxanne put down her fork at the thought of being able to receive some guidance from those prominent figures. After taking the invitation card, she expressed her gratitude. "Larry, thanks for being so
thoughtful. I truly look forward to it!"
Her current image resembled a child who had received candy.
Larry's eyes sparkled with happiness as he found it rare to see her being that eager. "You're welcome. Previously, you left in a hurry after performing surgery on one of the elders in my family. Thus, I wasn't able to thank you properly. Every day, my elders will nag me to treat you to a meal as they felt very bad about it. Therefore, you can treat this as a token of gratitude."
Roxanne was filled with anticipation about attending the medical conference. When she heard his comment, she nonchalantly smiled at him. "I was in a hurry to pick up my kids. Besides, I just did what's within my capabilities."
After that, she queried in concern, "By the way, how is that elderly faring? I didn't have the chance to conduct another body check-up after the operation that day."
Larry replied, "He got transferred to the general ward after the surgery the day after. All he needs now is to recuperate. It's all thanks to you."
Not daring to take any credit, Roxanne merely smiled and changed the topic. "You're the one getting invited to this medical conference. Are you sure it will be fine if I tag along?"
Larry could be said to have achieved some accomplishments in the medical field. Coupled with his family background, those medical experts thought highly of him. Many people had even expressed their admiration for him publicly.
As for herself, she was a nobody whose name might be unheard of by those experts.
Roxanne was worried that her appearance would lower the standards of the conference.
Larry couldn't help but feel amused after realizing the meaning behind her words. "You had studied under Professor Lambert for so many years. Do you still see yourself as that same nobody in the past who just went overseas? Those experts might not have heard of your real name before, but they had long heard of your other alias—Janet."
A flash of joy passed through Roxanne's eyes.
Following that, the woman rubbed her nose as she giggled.
She was so accustomed to being humble that she almost forgot that Janet, the other name she used, had some reputation internationally.
"In that case, I'll accept your offer." Roxanne chuckled as she put the invitation card inside her handbag.
Larry nodded. "It's supposed to be yours."
"I saw on the invitation card that the conference will take place tomorrow afternoon. What time should we set off?" Roxanne asked.
Seeing how thrilled she was, the joy in Larry's eyes intensified. "Tomorrow morning. Both of us can get some rest upon reaching. We will be able to make it on time before the conference begins. Also, there will still be time for us to chat with the pioneers in the medical field."
After learning that she would have an opportunity to meet with the prominent figures in private, Roxanne's interest got piqued even further. She agreed without hesitation, "Okay. I'll get the flight tickets." Larry didn't decline her suggestion over such a trivial matter and agreed with a smile.
It was about time. However, the person opposite him was still in a state of excitement. Hence, Larry tapped on the table helplessly. "You should eat more. I notice that you didn't eat much just now."
Only then did Roxanne gradually pull back her thoughts. After glancing at the time, the woman casually took a couple more bites before she got up to leave. "There's still work for me to do in the afternoon, so I'll return to the research institute first. I'll notify you after getting the plane tickets."
Larry promptly agreed.
Roxanne initially had mixed feelings after bumping into Lucian earlier that morning.
However, those negative emotions diminished during lunch after she learned that she could partake in the conference.
Despite spending the entire afternoon working, the smile on Roxanne's face didn't vanish even once. 
###Chapter 221
After heading home that night, Roxanne only told Lysa she needed to run an errand and asked her to take care of Archie and Benny. When she returned to her room, she bought the tickets for herself and Larry to take the plane early the next morning.
Roxanne woke up the following morning and merely packed up her things before leaving for the airport.
Once she stepped out of her house, Roxanne saw Larry waiting at the entrance.
"I thought it might be inconvenient for you to drive. Therefore, I drop by to pick you up."
Then, Larry opened his car door.
With a simple thank-you, Roxanne sat inside his car.
Both of them chatted during the car ride.
Roxanne suddenly recalled something and asked the man beside her out of curiosity, "Larry, I remembered you only stayed in Chanaea briefly before going abroad to work back then. How long is your stay this time?"
Larry replied smilingly, "I originally planned to leave, but you should know why I didn't. It's because of my elder's surgery that my departure got delayed."
It occurred to Roxanne that Larry did mention he intended to go overseas the last time they met.
It was just that the elderly had been out of surgery and was recovering well according to his words. Nonetheless, Larry didn't mention anything about leaving the country. Instead, he had begun to participate in Chanaea's medical conference.
Roxanne couldn't help but feel baffled. She asked persistently, "When do you plan on leaving this time? I'll see you off."
Larry's brows furrowed slightly. "I'm not leaving."
Roxanne appeared quite flabbergasted by his answer. "Why? Haven't you always liked the academic setting abroad? Moreover, you should be more accustomed to the research environment there."
To her knowledge, Larry had always studied abroad ever since he entered the medical industry.
I wonder why he suddenly decided to stay this time.
Larry's gaze turned gentle when he made eye contact with her. "It's mainly because of you."
Roxanne couldn't help but be taken aback by his response.
"After coming back this time, I discovered that the overall environment in Chanaea is very encouraging. For example, the specialists in the country cooperated well with you in the last surgery you performed. That's why I also plan to stay here to develop my career further for some time. If I can't blend in, I can always go aboard anytime," Larry tenderly explained to her.
Roxanne inexplicably let out a sigh of relief upon listening to his statement. She inclined her head while smiling. "Since you're so remarkable, I guess many hospitals must be coveting you when you decided to remain in Chanaea to develop your career."
Although Larry is young, he's already well-known globally. Having him around is equivalent to having a renowned figure. I bet numerous hospitals would be vying over him.
Larry noncommittally replied while bobbing his head, "I've indeed received invitations from several hospitals, hoping I could work for them. The salary offered to me is rather handsome. Thus, I'm considering their proposals."
"If you want to join one of the hospitals in Horington, I might be able to offer some suggestions," Roxanne initiated. "In order to make plans for future collaboration, my research institute has recently done some investigation on a majority of the acclaimed hospitals in the city."
Larry certainly wouldn't refuse her kind gesture.
Right until the time they boarded the plane, both of them were discussing the reputable hospitals in Horington.
It was noon when their plane landed in Bellridge.
Right after they exited the airport, they immediately boarded the event organizer's car and arrived at a hotel where they would be staying.
As the conference would only begin in the afternoon, there was still ample time for them to rest.
After Roxanne returned to the country with Larry, they basically stayed in Horington the entire time. Seeing that it was a rare opportunity for them to come to Bellridge, she seized the chance to do shopping nearby the event venue since it wasn't time for lunch.
After lunch, they returned to their respective hotel rooms to get ready for the conference in the afternoon. 
###Chapter 222
The conference officially began in the afternoon.
Roxanne and Larry had arrived at the venue half an hour earlier.
As Roxanne observed the people entering the venue, she could not help but grow increasingly apprehensive.
Just as Larry had told her, the people who attended the event were all prominent figures in the medical field. Although she had never seen them in person, she had seen their pictures on multiple media sources reporting on medical issues.
Larry brought her over to greet them.
"You're Janet?" The moment one of the seniors realized that Roxanne was Janet, a look of doubt crept up his face. "A woman? More so this young?"
Janet had always maintained a mysterious appearance. Everyone only knew that she was Harvey's disciple. They did not expect that she was such a young female.
As they stared at her, they could not help but doubt her.
Roxanne could clearly see the suspicion in his eyes. However, as she had already been used to these sorts of gazes, she smiled nonchalantly and greeted him politely.
Standing by the side, Larry turned to the man and smiled. "Don't be fooled by her youthful appearance. Even I am no match for her in certain aspects."
As the man listened to Larry, his suspicions increased even more. He observed them with a weird look in his eyes and then smiled. "Since you brought her here, we'll take your word for it." Anyone could guess what he was thinking of by his reaction alone.
Larry furrowed his brows and was about to say something when Roxanne interrupted, "Since everyone here is a prominent figure in the medical field, I trust that they will be able to make accurate judgments based on medical practice. Whether I am Janet, or whether Janet can live up to her reputation or not, everyone can make their own deduction after the conference."
Since these people are doubting me, I shall make sure to put on a good show later.
Larry was slightly taken aback. Shortly after, he nodded and said, "You're right. I didn't think it through."
The both of them then went back to take their seats.
Soon, the conference started.
It began with the leaders of Chanaea proposing a topic, and everyone would have the chance to speak according to their seating arrangement.
When it was Roxanne's turn, everyone paid utmost attention to her.
Roxanne stood up graciously and smiled at the crowd before stating her thoughts in a clear and concise manner.
As the crowd listened to her, the suspicion in their eyes was soon replaced with admiration.
Roxanne's expression remained unchanged as she voiced her thoughts. Once she was done, she bowed to the crowd and sat back down. in.
The next second, everyone started applauding.
The leader, who had proposed the topic, looked at her with admiration from not far away.
Roxanne again bowed slightly as a sign of courtesy.
After a while, the conference officially ended. True to Roxanne's word, everyone present saw her in a different light. Every ounce of their previous skepticism had dissolved into nothingness. Roxanne, too, learned a lot from this conference.
Although the leaders of the medical field were a little arrogant, they had achieved that title with their extensive knowledge. They had shared many different views on the topics discussed, which led Roxanne to think deeply about it.
"I apologize for offending you earlier, Ms. Jarvis," the leader said to Roxanne just as she was about to leave her seat. There was a crowd following him as he came up to her.
Roxanne quickly got up and walked over to meet the leader. "You're too polite, Mr. Lynch. I'm still so young. It's natural for the others to be doubtful of me."
"I've long heard of the famous Janet. Since you are finally able to show up at the conference, you must join us for dinner. It is wonderful to have such a brilliant addition to the medical field in Chanaea." The look of admiration in his eyes seemed to have increased tenfold.
With such an amazing compliment from one of the leaders in the medical field, Roxanne was incredibly stunned. She did not dare to decline his offer and thus smiled as she accepted it. 
###Chapter 223
In Horington, Lucian sent Estella to kindergarten earlier than usual the next morning after the unpleasant conversation with Roxanne the previous day.
When he arrived at the kindergarten, there were only a few parents around the area.
However, Roxanne was nowhere to be found.
Estella obviously wanted to see her. She held on tightly to Lucian's hand, refusing to go into the kindergarten.
Lucian frowned at her stubbornness. Even so, he could only stand outside the kindergarten together with her.
It was after a long time that Archie and Benny showed up. This time, however, Roxanne was not the one who came with them.
When Lucian noticed that, his eyebrows furrowed even more as he walked up to Lysa while holding Estella's hand. "Where's Ms. Jarvis? Doesn't she usually drop Archie and Benny off at school?"
Ever since they parted ways at the hospital, Lysa had never met Lucian again. She did not know that Roxanne and Lucian had got into an argument.
Therefore, with the thought of them still having a good relationship with each other, Lysa smiled and answered, "Ms. Jarvis has work today, so I came to drop them off." Lucian's gaze darkened as he heard that.
What a coincidence. We just met yesterday, and she has work today. Is she trying to avoid me?
As Estella did not get to see Roxanne, she was a little dejected. She tugged on Lucian's finger as she looked at him in worry.
Lucian patted her on the head before looking back at Lysa. "Where did she go? When is she coming back?"
"I think she went to Bellridge. About her return... I'm not sure when she will come back. But I don't think she will be away for long."
Bellridge?
"Why did she go there?" Lucian asked in confusion.
Archie and Benny, who were still holding onto Lysa, felt angry at how Lucian was interrogating them about their mother. He was about to marry someone else anyway.
There was no reason for him to care so much about Roxanne.
With that thought in their minds, Archie and Benny replied with straight faces, "Ir you want to know that badly, call Mommy and ask her yourself! We don't know either." Even if they did know, they would never tell him.
Lucian frowned as he looked down at Archie and Benny. He was confused by their furious expressions.
Even after thinking for a long time, he could not figure out what he had done wrong to anger the twins so much for them to have such prejudice against him.
Or did Roxanne say something to them?
Lucian's eyes darkened when he thought of that possibility.
Although Lysa knew what Roxanne was doing, she hesitated when she noticed the twins' behavior. After a brief moment of hesitation, she did not tell Lucian but instead said, "We're not sure about that. But I saw a man who came to pick Ms. Jarvis up in the morning. I think they went there together."
Lucian's expression hardened. "Do you know that man?"
Lysa shook her head. She only worked for Roxanne for a short time and had only seen a few of her friends. However, she did remember what the man looked like. "I don't know him, but he looks like a well- educated gentleman. I think Ms. Jarvis addressed him as 'Larry. They should have known each other from school."
Just as she finished speaking, Lysa suddenly felt a little pressured.
Lucian's eyes had darkened suddenly as he thought about the call history on Roxanne's phone.
There was only one Larry that he knew of-Larry Morrison. Moreover, Roxanne had given him a call yesterday morning.
It could only be him.
Once he realized that Roxanne had had a meal alone with Larry and had gone to Bellridge together with him, Lucian felt extremely displeased. He then thanked Lysa and sent Estella off before going back into his car. 
###Chapter 224
When Lucian was back at the company, he went upstairs and found Cayden standing at the entrance to the office.
"Mr. Farwell." Cayden hurried forward when he saw Lucian.
Lucian frowned. "What's the matter?"
Cayden displayed a serious expression. "Some issues have arisen with our business in Bellridge, and we need to send an executive over there. Who should we send?"
"Bellridge?" Lucian's gaze darkened. When he thought of Roxanne, who was currently in Bellridge, he said coldly, "I'll go there myself."
Cayden was stunned. "Your schedule today-"
Things at Bellridge were not so serious to demand Lucian's presence and involvement. Moreover, he had other events scheduled on this day.
Lucian interrupted his assistant, "Buy the earliest flight tickets and postpone the rest of my meetings."
Then he turned around and entered the elevator.
Cayden agreed to the orders and rescheduled Lucian's meetings as quickly as possible. After buying the flight tickets, he followed Lucian.
It was already noon by the time they reached Bellridge. The person in charge over here personally drove them to the hotel.
Once they were at the hotel, the person-in-charge introduced the hotel to the two men eagerly, "This hotel is very famous in Bellridge. A medical conference will also take place here today. I heard that the attendees are big shots in the medical field."
Lucian returned a slight nod. Despite his lack of expression, his heart skipped a beat.
After they settled down, Cayden asked Lucian about the project, "Mr. Farwell, what's the best time to schedule a meeting with the person-in-charge in this place?"
Lucian did not seem to hear his assistant and merely said, "Find out about the most recent medical conferences in Bellridge. It's best if you could pinpoint the one attended by Larry."
The person-in-charge's words reminded him that Roxanne and Larry were both from the medical industry. Moreover, they possessed outstanding credentials, and there was a huge likelihood that they would be here for the medical conference.
Naturally, Cayden was oblivious to Lucian's thoughts. Thus, he was taken aback when he heard this order.
Aren't we here to take care of our company's business? Why did he bring this up?
Still, he dared not ask so many questions when he saw Lucian's serious expression and agreed to the task.
The search took him nearly an hour.
Cayden did not dawdle when he found what he was looking for. He returned to the hotel immediately and informed Lucian, "I've found it, Mr. Farwell. There's a medical conference this afternoon in this very hotel. Larry's name is also on the list, but-"
Lucian frowned. "But what?"
"The conference has already ended." Cayden sounded a bit guilty.
By the time he found out about this piece of information, it had been half an hour since the conference ended.
He was unsure whether he had delayed Lucian's plan.
"Were Larry and Roxanne present?" Lucian asked coldly.
Cayden nodded.
He had gone through the attendee list, and the names of the two individuals were there.
Lucian's expression hardened further as he observed Cayden's nod. "Find out which hotel they are staying at."
At this point, Cayden knew what Lucian wanted to do. After a moment's hesitation, he said, "Mr. Farwell, they will have a gathering tonight, and it's just nearby. I'm sure Mr. Morrison and Ms. Jarvis will be present"
Lucian nodded. "In that case, let's meet Mr. Zimmerman of Prosperity Corporation at that restaurant tonight."
Cayden nodded in agreement and contacted the CEO's secretary to schedule the meeting.
He was certain that the other party would not to it. 
###Chapter 225
That night, Roxanne and Larry attended the gathering, an event hosted by the organizing committee of the conference.
It took place at a high-class restaurant known as Ocean Restaurant. The restaurant was situated near the hotel where the medical conference was held that same afternoon.
The organizing committee had already booked a private room for the attendees in advance. As soon as Roxanne and Larry entered the restaurant, a waiter led them upstairs to a room in a corner.
The private rooms in this restaurant had varying designs and styles. The organizing committee had probably figured that they were academics and scholars. As such, the committee members had booked a room with classical and scholarly decor.
As soon as Roxanne and Larry stepped inside, a round table made of rosewood came into view. A flower vase was placed in the center of the table, which was surrounded by several rosewood chairs. The walls were also decorated with a number of paintings, making the entire room feel like a study.
A few guests were already seated inside the room when Roxanne and Larry arrived. They turned their attention to the two and regarded them with awe and admiration.
Both Roxanne and Larry were the youngest attendees of the conference. Although Roxanne was a young woman, the seniors were impressed by her presentation at the conference.
Roxanne smiled at the crowd humbly. "Sorry for the long wait. We aren't familiar with this area."
After the conference, she had gone for a walk in Bellridge with Larry without letting someone from the organizing committee accompany them. Unexpectedly, they had lost their way back to the hotel, and it had taken them a while to locate the building.
"It's all right. Not everyone is here yet. Have a seat!" Gerald, who was sitting in the head seat, stood up to wave at Roxanne and Larry, gesturing for them to sit next to him.
His reaction caught Roxanne off guard. Gerald was an internationally renowned figure. Even Harvey had great respect for the man.
Roxanne never expected to be held in high regard by Gerald. She stole a glance at the rest of the people around her and realized that their gazes were filled with envy. "We'll sit near the doorway. It won't be convenient for all of you when the waiters come over with the dishes later," she said.
Then she sat down near the doorway with Larry.
Gerald frowned, but he did not push it. "That's very thoughtful of you two."
Roxanne smiled but said nothing.
Some time later, everybody arrived.
"Ms. Jarvis, you're such a young woman, yet you have outstanding credentials. You're a real talent!"
Everybody else began to heap praises on Roxanne after noticing Gerald's admiration for her and also witnessing her skills and talent themselves.
Roxanne replied humbly, "They were only questions brought up by Mr. Lynch. Coincidentally, I have researched those subjects before, so I'm familiar with them." Gerald even proposed, "Do you plan to work for my company, Ms. Jarvis? Just tell me what you want, and I'll comply!"
The crowd was stunned by this remark. Even Larry could not believe his ears.
It was obvious that Gerald intended to take Roxanne on as his mentee.
Everybody else at the table knew it had been many years since Gerald last took on a mentee. Instead, he had been focusing on his own research wholeheartedly. The fact that he had made this proposal to Roxanne now came as a surprise to everyone.
It took some time for Roxanne to regain her composure. She knew it was an honor when she saw the looks of encouragement on the faces around her. However, there was something else on her mind.
"I appreciate your kind offer, Mr. Lynch. However, I'm currently helping Professor Lambert with some projects, and I fear I won't be able to focus on this mentorship. I have to decline your offer," Roxanne apologized and rejected Gerald's proposal.
The rest of the people were shocked to see her reject this opportunity.
Gerald felt somewhat disappointed. "In that case, I won't force you. Just approach me anytime if you change your mind."
Roxanne returned an appreciative smile. "Thank you, Mr. Lynch." 
###Chapter 226
Evervone at the dining table looked at Roxanne with more admiration. They even had the urge to take her in as their disciple.
However, recalling that she had rejected even Gerald's offer, they felt embarrassed to speak up.
Gerald quickly changed the topic, but the conversation still stayed within the medical field.
Because of Roxanne's performance earlier in the afternoon, whenever Gerald raised new questions in the conversation, everyone would immediately turn their gazes to her.
Roxanne felt as though she had joined another conference, with everyone placing the main focus on her.
Fortunately for her, such an atmosphere did not last long. Gerald soon realized the atmosphere had turned a little too solemn for the occasion, so he quickly navigated the conversation to something more relaxing.
Being the juniors among everyone else, Roxanne and Larry became their main targets to tease.
Whenever a senior offered her drinks, Roxanne couldn't find an excuse to reject them. She would accept every drink her seniors gave her.
After having several drinks in a row and noticing how her seniors still intended to give her more, Roxanne quickly made an excuse to go to the washroom when she was only finding an opportunity to leave the private room to get some fresh air.
The restaurant was named Ocean Restaurant, and its decoration mainly was in dark blue with a touch of white, which gave the restaurant a mysterious yet calming atmosphere.
After wandering around the door to the private room, Roxanne finally felt sober. She knew she couldn't make her seniors wait for too long, so she decided to head back inside the private room.
"Dr. Jarvis?"
Right after she turned around, she ran into a middle-aged man. His white shirt seemed a little too tight because of his beer belly, and the buttons on his shirt seemed as though they could pop at any moment. Also, the man's cheeks were flushed, indicating that he was drunk.
Seeing that Roxanne had turned around to look at him, the middle-aged man took a couple of steps forward. He looked as if he was about to stick his face closer at Roxanne to confirm if he recognized her correctly.
Roxanne frowned and stepped back, putting some distance between them before greeting, "Dr. Chambers, it's been a while."
The middle-aged man was a doctor working in the hospital that was a partner of Roxanne's research institute. Roxanne had only met him several times before this, and aside from his last name Chambers, Roxanne knew nothing else about him.
Seeing that he didn't mistake another person for her, he got bolder and looked at Roxanne in a perverted manner. "I remember thinking you're beautiful when we met at the research institute. Dr. Jarvis, now that I've seen you out of your research lab coat, I realize that not only you're beautiful, but you also have a great body."
As he spoke, he slowly approached Roxanne. "Look at your face. It's glowing. Let me touch it..."
Noticing that he had stretched out his greasy hand toward her, Roxanne felt disgusted and slapped his hand away. "Dr. Chambers, you should know your boundaries!"
He was startled for a couple of seconds before realizing she had slapped his hand away. He frowned and glared at her. "How dare you hit me?"
Roxanne refused to dwell on this any longer with him, so she tried to make her way past him.
However, he strode forward and blocked her path. "Are you trying to walk away from me after hitting me? As if I'll let that happen!"
After saying that, he shifted his gaze lower to her slender waist, and the anger in his eyes dissipated a little. "Spend the night with me, and I'll forget what happened today. What do you say?"
"If you dare come any closer to me, I'll call security!" Roxanne warned, having been forced to a corner.
He was unbothered as he tried to snake his arm around her waist. Greed and lust were written all over his face. "Sure. Call them if you don't mind. We can always let them watch us have fun!"
His body was about to cover hers, and Roxanne knew she was at a disadvantage if she tried to resist him with physical strength. As she racked her brains to come up with an escape plan, the stench of alcohol slowly filled her nostrils.
Just when Roxanne was slowly getting into despair, she heard a grunt. In the next
second, he was sent flying away from her. 
###Chapter 227
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 227
Chapter 227 "D'mn it! Who the f*ck is ruining my fun?" The doctor covered his waist in pain and scrambled to his feet.
Before he could take a good look at the person standing before him, he was kicked again in the abdomen. That person kickedhim so hard that he instantly broke into a cold sweat. He bent over and couldn't say a word for a long moment. Roxanne stared at the man who exuded a cold and indifferent aura before her, and she was startled. But then, her heart was finally at ease at his presence. "Control your hand, or i will ask someone else to chop it off for you if you don't appreciate it enough." The person who had come to Roxanne's rescue was none other than Lucian. He was in hi expensive customized suit, his hair combed to the back, revealing his sharp features. His thin lips were pursed, and his eyes were filled with a ruthless glint. Dr. Chambers finally came to his senses. When he looked up again and noticed Lucian's expression, he understood Lucian was not making an empty threat, and his face immediately turned pale with fright. "This is a misunderstanding! I know Ms. Jarvis!" he quickly explained. "I was wondering if Ms. Jarvis wanted to have a drink with me! That's all!" After saying that, he looked at Roxanne pleadingly. Roxanne remembered his perverted face from earlier, and her expression turned cold. "I know him, but Dr.
Chambers' actions earlier suggested that he wasn't only intending to buy me a drink!" Seeing how Lucian's expression had turned gloomier after Roxanne said that, the doctor shuddered in fear. Meanwhile, noticing Lucian had not returned to the private room for a long time, Cayden came out looking for him. That was when he saw the scene and quickly ran over to them. "Mr. Farwell." Lucian withdrew his gaze from the doctor and ordered coldly, "Take this guy away. Also, run a background check on him and teach him a lesson." Glancing at the doctor next to him, Cayden lowered his head and nodded in response. The doctor's legs gave way, and he was practically dragged away by Cayden. Roxanne and Lucian were left alone in the corridor. Staring at Lucian, who was still looking indifferent before her, Roxanne frowned slightly and got wary as she asked. "Why are you here?" She felt it was too much of a coincidence for him to be in the same place as her. Lucian did not answer her question but instead eyed her from head to toe. She was dressed in a formal suit with a collared shirt inside, making her look elegant yet, at the same time, mischievous.. Her flared trousers highlighted her long legs, and her long hair stuck behind her ears gave more exposure to her fair neck. Under the light, she seemed to be glowing: Perhaps it was because she had had several drinks before. A layer of mist had formed in her eyes. Her staring at him calmly with a slight wariness in her gaze made her look like a terrified deer. Lucian's gaze darkened a little when he took in her expression. There was no telling if it was the influence of alcohol, but her attempt to keep a distance from him made her look a little enticing to him. After waiting a long while and still not getting a response from him, Roxanne pursed her lips and withdrew her gaze. "Mr. Farwell, thank you for helping me. If there's nothing else, I will excuse myself now. My seniors are still waiting for me." She was about to walk past him after saying that. Just when she brushed past his shoulders, she heard Lucian saying, "Ms. Jarvis, I hope you don't misunderstand anything. I didn't have a choice but to come here to settle something at work, and I didn't expect to run into you here." Lucian gave her a sideways glance, and his tone sounded ambiguous as he continued, "I think it was the same last time! helped you out, but you didn't say or do anything in return. Instead, you treated me the same as those perverts, trying to put as much distance between us as possible." They stood very near each other, and it was unknown whose stench of alcohol was lingering between them. Roxanne recalled the first time she had seen him at the hotel after she returned to the country, and she frowned at the memory. Although she refused to acknowledge it, she knew Lucian was telling the truth. 
###Chapter 228
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 228
Chapter 228 "I didn't ask for your help." After a longmoment, Roxanne finally broke the silence, but her tone still sounded as distant as ever.
Lucian frowned slightly at that, and displeasure filled the look in his eyes. "Is that so? if I didn't help you just now, how did you plan to get yourself out of that situation?" Roxanne lowered her gaze. "I am a doctor. I'll come up with a way eventually." Having studied acupuncture for so many years, Roxanne knew which acupuncture points could make someone instantly lose the energy to attack but not lethal enough to kill them. If the doctor dared to get any closer to her, Roxanne would not hesitate to let him learn the brutal way about the gap between their medical knowledge. However, before she could make a move, Lucian had already appeared before them. Hearing that, Lucian immediately understood the implication behind her words. Back when Roxanne was performing acupuncture on Alfred, Lucian had watched her from one side, so he was aware of just how knowledgeable she was with human acupuncture points. It was certainly enough to show that Roxanne had the ability to defend herself. Thinking of this, Lucian could not help but feel more relieved. However, Lucian was still upset to see her indifferent expression toward him. In that case, can I assume you're seeing me as a busybody meddling in your affairs, Ms. Jarvis?" Roxanne fell silent and continued staring at him. Despite her silence, her expression was enough to tell him the answer to his question, the first time Lucian was seen as nosy for helping someone out of kindness. "Regardless, I still helped you." Roxanne did not want to waste more time on this conversation. She frowned and said sarcastically, "Thank you, Mr. Farwell, for helping me. I should really get going. Since you're here for business, I'm sure someone is waiting for you too. Shouldn't you return now? With that she nodded at him and was about to head back to her private room with her colleagues when he grabbed her wrist. Pers Perhaps it was the alcohol because Roxanne felt that all of her emotions were magnified at that moment." She was suddenly triggered by his action. "What on earth are you doing? I've thanked you. What else do you want from me?" she snapped. Six years ago, when she was still madly in love with him, he had hurt her so much. Yet, now that she was determined to stay away from him and return to being strangers, he refused to leave her alone. Roxanne could not read through his mind, and she was no longer interested in guessing his intentions. She wanted nothing but to stay away from him as far as possible, However, Lucian refused to let that happen. At the same time, Lucian had no idea what he was doing. When he regained his senses again, he noticed he had already grabbed her slender wrist. Taking in her furious expression, he knitted his brows. "Is that how you treat a person who has helped you? Why are you in such a hurry to return to your private room? Is there someone you care about a lot waiting for you?" Roxanne found his accusation unreasonable. "What does that have to do with you? Let go of me!" Despite her protest, Lucian exerted more strength into his grip instead. Roxanne was in pain, and her expression changed a little. Sure enough, Lucian captured every change in her expression, but he did no soften his grasp around her wrist, and he took a step forward. Roxanne narrowed her eyes and tensed up at his sudden advancement. Lucian chuckled meaningfully. He exuded a suppressive aura as he stared at Roxanne. "Ms. Jarvis, even if you think of me as a busybody and refuse to thank me for helping you. I still risked losing out on a business opportunity by keeping my client waiting for me for such a long time inside the private room. So, Ms. Jarvis, is there any way you can think of to compensate me for my losses?" Roxanne frowned and met his gaze. She refused to believe there would be someone bold enough to refuse to seal a business deal with the Farwell family. This was only Lucian's excuse, and she was aware of that. However, since he had already voiced out about this, she refused to owe him anything. 
###Chapter 229
Roxanne lowered her gaze, recomposed herself, and suppressed her anger from earlier. When she looked up at him again, she gave him an indifferent look. "I don't know what I can offer to compensate you. I remember seeing a café that looks great when I walked around the area this afternoon. Mr. Farwell, what do you say if I buy you a cup of coffee?"
"I'm okay with that."
Then he slowly let go of her wrist.
When he loosened his grip around her wrist, his fingers mindlessly grazed the soft skin on her wrist. Lucian's eyes darkened a little at the accidental touch, and when he let go of her, he subconsciously clenched his fist.
The café Roxanne mentioned was located in the same building as the hotel, and it was the same café she saw by chance when they returned to the hotel after getting lost earlier in the afternoon.
She did not invite Lucian to the café because it was unique from other eateries in the area, but because the café was the only location she could think of at that moment.
They walked into the café together. Soon, a waitress came up to them. "Do you have a reservation?"
Roxanne shook her head and glanced around.
It was dinnertime and the peak time for couples to date around in cafés. Thus, the place was almost packed when they arrived.
Fortunately, the café occupied a large area but did not set up too many tables inside, giving the customers enough space and privacy from other tables and not to the extent of feeling uncomfortable. Right then, Roxanne spotted some customers leaving a table near the window, so she walked in that direction.
The waitress quickly followed behind. Her eyes lit up as she watched them walk ahead of her
The café was considered high-end in Bellridge, and the customers were mainly the rich and celebrities.
The waitress had seen many customers while working in this café. However, it was her first time seeing a couple like Roxanne and Lucian with striking looks and a
unique presence.
After following them to the table near the window, the waitress had someone clear the table first before giving them a menu. Then, she recommended enthusiastically, "We have the latest couple set menu that is quite the crowd's favorite. Would you like to have that?"
Hearing that, Roxanne and Lucian were startled.
Lucian looked at Roxanne, who was sitting across from him, expectantly.
He noticed that Roxanne had stopped flipping the menu for a brief moment. She looked at the waitress before smiling faintly. "No, thanks. We're not a couple." .
After saying that, she lowered her head again and browsed the menu.
In the end, she only ordered what she wanted and handed the menu to Lucian. "Mr. Farwell, order whatever you want. There's no need to be polite with me. I can still afford to buy you a cup of coffee." Lucian was still upset that she denied they were a couple to the waitress, so he did not respond to what she told him. Instead, he said to the waitress, "I'll have the
same."
The waitress nodded in response and walked away with the menu.
She stood in the corner while sneaking glances at them sitting by the window. Although she denied being a couple with him, I must say their looks and vibes match each other so well! They're like the perfect match!
Later, when she sent drinks to their table, the waitress looked calm on the surface, but she was losing her mind on the inside. They look even better up close!
Roxanne's makeup was light enough to enhance her delicate features. She looked so beautiful that the waitress thought she was a celebrity at first. Lucian, on the other hand, had sharp features and a tall build, and he exuded the aura of an authoritative CEO. The waitress could not help but picture them as a perfect match made in heaven.
Of course, Roxanne was unaware of what the waitress was thinking about her and
Lucian.
She felt slightly unwell as the alcohol had finally started kicking in. Her reactions to
alcohol always came slower than others.
However, since she had asked Lucian out for a cup of coffee, she felt it was
inappropriate for her to leave with the excuse of her feeling unwell. That would only
give Lucian another reason to mock her.
With this in mind, Roxanne suppressed the discomfort inside her and took a sip of her coffee, trying to cancel out the feeling of being drunk. 
###Chapter 230
Lucian took a sip of the coffee as he remained expressionless, masking the displeasure he was feeling.
He wanted Roxanne to thank him or compensate him, not to sit in front of him
without a word.
Although I used the business going under as an excuse, does she really think a cup of coffee is enough to compensate me?
Roxanne put down her cup and looked out the window. She had no intention of speaking at all.
First, she believed there was nothing else they had to say to each other. Second, she didn't want to get too involved with him. The only reason she had treated him to the coffee was to call it even.
She was starting to feel uncomfortable from the alcohol earlier. From time to time, she would lower her head to sip on the coffee while secretly checking how much Lucian had drunk. All she wanted was for him to finish the coffee so she could leave.
However, Lucian's coffee stayed almost untouched even after some time.
Left with no choice, Roxanne looked at him and asked, "Mr. Farwell, why aren't you drinking?"
A dark glint flashed across Lucian's eyes as he pursed his lips enigmatically and said, "I don't like my coffee this way. It tastes bland."
Roxanne frowned at his words. "How do you like your coffee, then?" she questioned as she rubbed her throbbing temples.
After she spoke, her head started spinning again. She closed her eyes and forced them open once again, trying to maintain eye contact with Lucian as though nothing was wrong.
Lucian was just about to say something when he saw her expression. "Are you feeling unwell?"
Roxanne bit her lip. "I drank a bit too much, but I'm all right. Just tell me how you want me to compensate you, Mr. Farwell. After all, you handle huge transactions, and I'm afraid you won't be satisfied with this compensation."
Lucian's face darkened a bit when he took in her pale face and mocking words, but he said nothing in the end. Instead, he asked the waitress for the bill.
Roxanne was going to argue that she was supposed to pay, but Lucian had swiped his card before she could do so.
The waitress was the same person from earlier. From the way she looked at Roxanne, it seemed as though she was questioning why they denied being a couple when they were actually dating. When Roxanne met eyes with the waitress, she felt even more troubled.
"Where are you staying? I'll drop you off there." Lucian walked to her side with a grim face, but his actions remained gentle.
Without giving Roxanne the chance to reject him, he helped her to her feet.
Right after Roxanne stood up, dizziness overcame her, causing her to miss the best opportunity to push him away.
When she came back to her senses, Lucian had already brought her to the exit of the café. Almost everyone in the café was looking at them, and they could clearly see how he had his arms wrapped around her to support her.
Roxanne felt extremely weak from her dizzy spell. With so many people watching them, she didn't want to make a scene. Thus, she went along with Lucian and allowed him to bring her into his car. Cayden was already waiting in the driver's seat. When they got in, he asked, "Mr. Farwell, where to?"
Lucian turned his head and looked at Roxanne.
Still rubbing her temples, she said in a low voice, "There's no need to trouble yourselves. There are still many seniors waiting for me upstairs. I have to return.”
With that, she opened the car door to get out.
Lucian grabbed her wrist swiftly and held her back. "Either I send you back, or you rest at my hotel. Choose one. My hotel is just nearby."
Roxanne knitted her brows and leaned back in the seat. Then, she told Cayden the name of the hotel she was staying at.
Cayden nodded and started the engine.
"Drive slowly," reminded Lucian.
Cayden hurriedly nodded in acknowledgment. Throughout the journey, he made sure to drive carefully.
Meanwhile, the two people in the back seat stayed silent. 
###Chapter 231
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 231
Chapter 231 The car slowly came to a stop in front of the hotel in no time. It was then thatRoxanne finally spoke.
"Thank you. Just drop me off here." She then gave Lucian a nod and got out of the car. The moment her feet touched the ground, she stumbled forward and almost tripped. The alcohol had kicked in since earlier, and it was quite warm in the car. Despite trying her best to stay attentive, she still couldn't help but feel drowsy. Thus, her legs went weak like jelly when she stepped on the ground. Just when she was about to fall forward, she felt a strong arm wrap around her waist and pull her back into the car.. Lucian only let go of her once she sat back in the seat and regained her balance. It took Roxanne a few seconds to figure out what had just happened. Their interaction just now was a bit too intimate, and she just couldn't bring herself to thank him. "I'll walk you to your room." Before Roxanne could react, he had already opened the door, gotten out of the car, and moved to her side. He stared at her, waiting for her to get out. After a short moment of hesitation, Roxanne got out cautiously. Learning from her experience earlier, she took extra care in stepping out of the car and finding her ground. As Lucian watched her walk ahead, he retracted his slightly outstretched arm and strode after her. When they reached her room, Roxanne stopped in her tracks and looked at him. "I can go in by myself. Thank you for your help today, Mr. Farwell. I'll treat you to coffee next time." Without waiting for Lucian's reply, she opened the door and walked inside. Yet before she could close the door, Lucian had forced himself into the room. Roxanne paused and looked at him coldly. "Mr. Farwell, don't you think it's inappropriate for you to follow me into my room? If you don't leave, I'll have to call security." Lucian furrowed his brows. "I'm not planning to do anything. You can rest assured." Seeing how pale she looked, he just couldn't feel at ease. Roxanne could only stand there as he walked into the bedroom and lifted the phone on the nightstand. "Hello? Please bring some hangover medicine," Lucian told the receptionist through the phone. In no time, a knock came from the door. Roxanne and Lucian didn't close the door when they entered earlier, so when Roxanne craned her neck and looked at the door, she saw a hotel staff standing outside with the hangover medicine and a glass of warm water. Lucian walked over and took the medicine and water before thanking the hotel staff. Approaching Roxanne, he said, ' Take the medicine, and I'll leave." Roxanne didn't know what to do with him. She could only comply and accept the hangover medicine. The next moment, he passed the glass of water to her. Anyone who saw the scene would never think that he was the almighty Mr. Farwell of Horington Roxanne gulped down the water and looked up at him. "Can you leave now?" Lucian frowned again, but he said nothing further and left the room. After closing the door, he told Cayden, "Check me in here. I want the room beside this one." Cayden was taken aback, but he soon realized what was going on when he remembered who was staying inside the room. He immediately agreed and hurried down to the reception. Inside the room, Roxanne still felt dizzy after taking the hangover medicine. She washed up quickly and went to bed. Perhaps it was because of the alcohol, but her mind started to wander after she lay down. She recalled the events from six years ago-how she used to do everything she could to make Lucian happy and pay more attention to her, only to see her efforts go in vain. She also thought back to the times he treated her thoughtfully after they met again. Those memories stirred up mixed emotions within her. 
###Chapter 232
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 232
Chapter 232 Meanwhile, at Ocean Restaurant, Larry continued to drink with the seniors. When he noticed thatRoxanne hadn't returned after a long time, he started to worry.
Using the excuse of going to the washroom, he went out and gaveRoxanne a call. Roxanne was finally about to fall asleep after overthinking for some time, but the sudden noise of her ringtone woke her up. She opened her eyes and took a while to process what was happening. Without even looking at the caller ID, she answered the call. "Hello? Who is this?" Larry was bewildered by her question. "It's me." Hearing his voice, Roxanne finally came back to reality. She felt that she had forgotten something very important. "Where are you? Why aren't you back yet?" Larry asked worriedly unaware of what had happened to her. Only then did Roxanne remember that she was supposed to be at the post conference dinner. Earlier, she had thought that she would be able to return to the restaurant after buying Lucian coffee, so she had left without telling her seniors. Unexpectedly, she had been brought back to the hotel afterward, and the dinner had totally slipped off her mind. Upon remembering that, Roxanne apologized to Larry. "I'm sorry, Larry. I'm not feeling well, so I left first. I forgot to let you know. Please apologize to them on my behalf." Larry heaved a sigh of relief. "I see. I thought something bad happened to you. It's good to hear that you're fine. Since you're not feeling well, you should rest up. I'll tell the seniors." After exchanging a few pleasantries with Roxanne, Larry hung up the phone. When he returned to the private room, everyone turned their attention to him. "Where did Dr. Jarvis go? You're already back, yet she's still nowhere to be seen." Larry poured himself some wine and raised the glass. "Dr. Jarvis is feeling unwell, so she left first and asked me to apologize to everyone on her behalf. Here, let me give a toast to everyone to thank you for your kind understanding." Bringing the glass to his lips, he downed the drink in one shot. Gerald and the others all reassured Larry that it was fine although they found it a pity that they weren't able to spend more time with Roxanne. Nevertheless, Roxanne's absence prompted everyone to check the time. It was getting late, and many of them were already drunk. Gerald stood up, announcing, "I guess it's time to go. Let us gather again soon!" Everyone then bade their farewells and left one after another. As the most junior one among them, Larry saw everyone off and was the last one to leave. Exiting the restaurant, he hailed a taxi and headed straight back to the hotel. Although it was already late, he decided to knock on Roxanne's door just in case. I'm the one who brought her here, but I'm not even aware that she's feeling sick. Larry couldn't help but feel uneasy about that. He knocked a few more times, but he got no response at all. From the recollection of Roxanne's drowsy voice on the phone earlier, he figured that she had fallen asleep. Thus, he stopped knocking and returned to his room, which was right beside hers. Since he had drunk a lot that night, he felt lightheaded somehow. When he opened the door to his room, he heard the sound of a door closing and instinctively turned his head. A familiar figure flashed by, and following that, the door on the left of Roxanne's room was closed. However, everything happened too fast, so Larry didn't see it clearly. He quickly tossed the matter out of his mind. Upon returning to his room, he called the reception and asked for some hangover medicine. Then he washed up and got into bed, thinking that he should check on Roxanne after he woke up. 
###Chapter 233
The next morning, Larry woke up to a faint headache. With Roxanne in mind, he tidied himself up and headed tothe room next door.
Right when he opened the door, he saw the door to the left of Roxanne's room being pulled open at almostthe same time. The next moment, a familiar figure walked out. Lucian was also worried about Roxanne, so he had come out to check on her. To his surprise, he ran into Larry. When he met the latter's eyes, he knitted his brows lightly. Nonetheless, he greeted Larry politely. "It's been a while, Mr. Morrison." Larry recognized Lucian. However, he was hesitant to speak first. After all, the conference organizer was the one who booked the hotel for them. It was just an average hotel in Bellridge, and considering Lucian's status, he thought there was no reason for him to stay at a place like this. It was only when Lucian spoke to Larry that the latter was sure of the former's identity. After a short pause, Larry smiled and nodded. "Hello." Lucian gave a nod in response and walked up to Roxanne's door nonchalantly before knocking on it. Larry stiffened, and a thought immediately ran through his head. Did Lucian check in to this hotel because of Roxanne? What's going on between them? With that in mind, Larry hesitated for a bit before approaching Lucian. "Mr. Farwell, do you need anything from Roxanne?" he asked casually. Raising his brow, Lucian replied, "She wasn't feeling well last night, so I brought her back. Naturally, I have to check on her." His answer confirmed the doubts Larry had. The latter smiled gently. "It's nice of you to be concerned, Mr. Farwell. But I don't think Roxanne wants to see you." Instantly, Lucian's eyes darkened, and the atmosphere around them turned tense. Yet, Larry acted as though he noticed nothing. With the smile still on his face, he calmly turned to face the door to Roxanne's room. Inside, Roxanne had already woken up, washed her face, and brushed her teeth. When she heard the knocks on the door, she thought it was Larry, so she walked over and opened it without much thought. At the sight of the two men standing in front of her, she was startled. "Why are you here?" she asked Lucian. If I recall correctly, his hotel is near the restaurant where we ate last night. Why is he here so early in the morning?
What does he want from me now? Lucian's brows were scrunched up as he studied her. Noticing that she looked better than the night before, he was relieved. "It's better to go the second mile. Since sent you back last night, it's natural that I make sure you're fine the next morning." Roxanne smiled and said, "Thank you for your concern. I just drank a bit too much last night, but I'm fine now." She no longer had anything to say to him after that. Turning to Larry, she spoke in a friendlier tone. "Larry, what's up?" "Nothing much. I'm just worried since you said you weren't feeling well last night," said Larry gently. The smile on Roxanne's face seemed more sincere when she talked to Larry. "Sorry for making you worry, Larry. I'm okay now." "That's good to hear," replied Larry smilingly. After the brief exchange, Roxanne looked at Lucian, who was still standing in the same spot. With a light frown, she prompted, "Mr. Farwell, is there anything else?" Lucian felt upset after seeing how Roxanne and Larry interacted with each other. Despite knowing that Roxanne was hinting at him to leave, he nodded firmly in response to her question. 
###Chapter 234
Roxanne was perplexed at seeing him nod. "It's almost time for breakfast.If you don't mind, we can have it together." Lucian looked at the two calmly.
Roxanne's and Larry's expressions changed. They did not understand what Lucian meant. It took a moment before Roxanne came back to her senses. She forced a smile and said, "You're a busy man. I need some time to finish packing, and I don't want to waste your time. I'll eat on my own later." Lucian replied with a smile, "It's all right. I don't have much on my schedule today. I can wait." Roxanne could feel her head start to hurt again. She smiled and continued, "I'm afraid you won't be used to the food we eat." Lucian remained unfazed. "Rest assured. I'm not a picky eater." Roxanne was speechless. This man stands at the top of the commercial world. I've made it evident that I don't want to have breakfast with him. He is doing this on purpose! What on earth does he want? Roxanne's head started to hurt even more. In the end, she decided to use Larry as an excuse. "I have something to tell Larry after breakfast, and it won't be convenient for you to be around, Mr. Farwell." She then looked at Larry pleadingly. The latter smiled warmly and turned to look at Lucian. "That's right. We do have something to discuss. Can we have some time alone?" Lucian was displeased at seeing how the duo was on the same page. However, he said calmly, "Is that so? I'll leave when it's time for you to speak." Roxanne did not anticipate that Lucian would be so thick-skinned and was about to find another excuse when she heard him mention what had happened the night before. "You must remember that you said you'll buy me coffee last night, Ms. Jarvis. However, I ended up paying, so that did not count. Also, I sent you home last night. If I add all these up, I'm sure it's not too much for me to ask for breakfast, right?" Lucian looked at the petite woman before him. Upon hearing this, Roxanne relented. "Give me a moment. I'll go get changed." She hoped that Lucian would keep his word after breakfast, and they would go their separate ways. Roxanne closed the door and headed back in. The duo outside the door had different expressions. Larry continued smiling warming. He was displeased just thinking about Larry's close relationship with Roxanne. After Roxanne finished packing, the three went down to have breakfast together. As Lucian was around, Roxanne and Larry were reticent. The atmosphere was simply depressing. Lucian, however, casually asked about their plans for the day. "I wonder what plans the both of you have after breakfast." Roxanne's fork paused mid-air, and she raised her eyes to look at the man sitting across from her. "Why are you interested in our plans? Do you not have plans of your own?" Lucian pursed his lips. "It isn't easy for friends to come together like this. Can't we go out and spend some time together?" He glanced at Larry and asked Roxanne meaningfully, "Or do you mind me disrupting your couple time together, Ms. Jarvis?" Roxanne's expression changed slightly. "Don't drag anyone else into our affairs!" Lucian bit his lower lip and did not reply. Roxanne retracted her gaze, and her emotions were in turmoil. She did not know what Lucian wanted from her. 
###Chapter 235
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 235
Chapter 235 The sudden ringing of the phone broke the tense atmosphere at the dining table.
As Lucian's mind was preoccupied with Roxanne's relationship with Larry, he picked up thecall without looking at the phone.
The moment the call went through, he heard a female's concerned voice.
"Lucian, I heard you went to Bellridge for a business trip.
How are things? Have you settled them?" Aubree had gone to the office yesterday to look for Lucianand ended up making a wasted trip.
She found out that Lucian had gone to Bellridge only after she asked Sonya.
As such, she had called him early in the morning to show concern toward him.
She had thought that he would not pick up like all the previous times she called.
Yet, little did she expect him to pick up the phone so quickly.
Aubree thought that Lucian had finally let go of his prejudices against her, and her voice was filled with delight.
Lucian frowned upon hearing her voice and subconsciously looked at Roxanne.
As they were quiet, Roxanne and Larry heard the voice coming from the other side of the phone even without intending to do so.
Roxanne's gaze darkened the moment she heard the voice.
She remembered Aubree's words from their last encounter - Roxanne was the third party between her and Lucian.
The call also reminded Roxanne that regardless of Lucian's attitude on the matter, he would becomeengaged to Aubree soon.
It was only fitting that she kept her distance from him.
As she recalled this, she put down her fork, smiled politely at Lucian, and got up to leave.
Upon seeing this, Lucian said to Aubree over the phone without a second of hesitation, "I have to attend tosomething.
I'm hanging up now." He looked up and wanted to say something to Roxanne.
However, he saw her get up and stumble with a startled look on her face.
Lucian frowned deeply and quickly stood up without hanging up the phone.
Roxanne was in a hurry to leave and had accidentally knocked into the chair beside her.
She let out a short yelp that ended the very next second.
"Be careful!" Lucian held his phone in one hand and her wrist in the other.
Roxanne thought he had ended the call and thanked him softly after hearing what he said.
All of Aubree's delight was swept away when Lucian said he was going to hang up the call.
Just as she was about to say something, she heard the yelp of a woman coming from the other sideof the phone. Ullapici LUU
That voice sounded familiar to her.
She eyed the screen and did not know why Lucian had yet to hang up.
She bit her lip and remained silent.
T have to find out the identity of the woman!
However, little did she expect to hear Roxanne saying thanks thenext second.
The moment she heard Roxanne's voice, she gritted her teeth and hung up the call.
With a grave expression, she threw her phone onto her bed violently.
It's that b*tch Roxanne againH've already warned her the last time.
To think that she has the cheek to appear before Lucian'Also, based on what I heard, Lucian hung up thephone because of her! Aubree's face turned red from anger.
She thought that Lucian had finally had a change of heart when the call went through.
Never did she expect Lucian to give her such a big surprise.
That b*tch is out to provoke me! Aubree clenched her fists so tightly that her fingernails dug into her palm, and her eyes were filled with hatred. 
###Chapter 236
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 236
Chapter 236 "What's wrong? Why are you so upset?" Gina heard the commotion upstairs. Upon entering the room, she saw Aubree's expression and walked up concernedly.
She sat down on the bed and held Aubree's hand.
The moment she sat down, Aubree flung her hand away forcefully.
"Lucian is with that b*tch again!" Gina's face clouded over.
"How could it be? Didn't Mrs.
Farwell speak to Lucian already? Is there some kind of misunderstanding?"
Aubree was livid just fromthinking about Roxanne's voice and Lucian's indifferent attitude toward her.
"I heard that batch's voice.
There's no way it's a misunderstanding." Lucian's attitude just now made it clear that I was disruptingthem.
Otherwise, why would he want to hang up the moment the call went through? That b*tch left without a word all those years ago.
What on earth did she do to seduce Lucian now that she's back?
Gina furrowed her brows.
"Isn't Lucian on a business trip? Why would he be together with her?"
It was still fine if Gina did not bring this up.
However, now that she did so, Aubree gritted her teeth and ventured a guess.
"He claims it's a business trip, but he could have gone all the way there to look for that b*tch!" Otherwise, why would they betogether so early in the day?Looking at the time...
Does this mean they were together the night before as well?
At that thought, Aubree suddenly got up from the bed.
She could not sit still, but she could not think of any solution at that moment either.
Gina's expression soured when she heard this.
Lucian's wedding with Aubree had already dragged on for six years.
Although Lucian had been postponing the wedding, they were never once worried that it would not happen.
After all, Lucian did not have any woman near him except Aubree.
However, things were different now that Roxanne was back in the country.
Lucian had made known his intentions to break off the engagement, and things could not continue this way
Aubree turned around, held Gina's hand, and suggested with a facefull of concern, "Mom, why don't we speak to Mrs.
Farwell again?" Gina only hesitated for a moment before shaking her head slowly.
"Then what should we do? Do we leave things be and watch Lucian get together with that b*tch?" Aubree asked through gritted teeth. She felt her blood boil the moment she pictured Lucian and Roxanne getting together.
Gina patted the back of her hand reassuringly.
"Calm down.
Even though Mrs.
Farwell can help you say a few words, we can't go to her every time.
She'll feel annoyed." She gave Aubree a meaningful glance and continued gently, "We can't always depend on Mrs.
Farwell.
You have to come up with ways to make Lucian like you."
Aubree's eyes flickered, but she looked conflicted.
"But Lucian doesn't even want to see me because of what happened with Estella."
"That is because you aren't chasing him hard enough!" Gina stood up and held Aubree's hand.
"Go buy a ticket to where he is now.
You'll get to meet him eventually!"
Aubree remained hesitant.
"Lucian's head is filled with that bitch.
Wouldn't I..." Be humiliating myself? Gina continued to advise, "Regardless of Lucian's attitude, he is with that woman now.
If you don't show up, that woman will not know her place.
Even if you go over now and can't see him, you can deal with her.
As long as she has some decency, she'll know to keep a distance from Lucian."
After a long pause, Aubree agreed to the suggestion through gritted teeth and bought a ticket to Bellridge. 
###Chapter 237
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 237
Chapter 237 Aubree arrived in Bellridge at noon. On her way there, she called Sonya to find out where Lucian was staying.
After getting off the plane, she headed straight to the hotel.
When she arrived and saw the hotel entrance, suspicion filled her mind, and she frowned.
Given Lucian's status, he should be staying at a five-star hotel at the very least whenever he was on business trips.
Even though the hotel before her was considered respectable, it did not fit his status.
Unless...his reason for coming here was to find that b*tch.
Aubree's heart sank as she thought about this.
She quickly walked to the front desk and asked, "Hi, I'm looking for someone.
Can I trouble you to help me find out which room Lucian Farwell is staying in?"
The receptionist looked at her andwas about to ask about her relationship with him when she immediately added, "I'm his fiancee.
I called him just now, and he told me his room number.
But I don't have a good memory and forgot what he said.
I don't want to call him again and disturb his work.
Could you check for me, please?" After saying this, she flashed the receptionist a polite smile.
The receptionist had noticed her the moment she entered and knew she was no ordinary person.
After hearing her words, the receptionist no longer doubted her and quickly searched for Lucian's room number.
Aubree was delighted to get his room number so effortlessly, and her smile became more sincere.
"He won't be coming down anytime soon. Could you give me a keycard to his room? I'll wait for him upstairs."
The receptionist lookedtroubled as she replied, "I'm sorry. We can't just away our guest's keycard." Aubree's smile froze.
"Then could you check if the room beside his is vacant and check me in?" The receptionist agreed and completed the check-in processfor her quickly.
Right then, Roxanne and Larry returned from outside.
After having breakfast, Lucian had to part ways with them due to work.
Only then did Roxanne finally feel relieved.
As they had nothing on in the afternoon, she had asked Larry to arrange meetings with the seniorsthey had met yesterday so that she could apologize for leaving without notice. Thankfully, they did not take any offense.
It was noon by the time they returned to the hotel after their visits.
Roxanne was slightly worried that she would bump into Lucian when they returned.
She did not know how to face him.
When she returned to the country, she had thought that the two would be strangers after not seeingeach other for six years.
She never expected so many things to happen between them, much less for his attitude toward her to change drastically.
She could not help but feel her head hurt the moment she thought of him.
When they arrived at the hotel entrance, she heard Larry whisper something in her ear.
However, it did not register as her heart was all over the place.
"Here's your keycard," said the receptionist.
Roxanne raised her eyes subconsciously and her expression changed for the worse when she saw the woman standing at the front desk. Aubree? What is she doing here? The conversation between them at the cafe the other day was still clear in her mind.
She did not want to have anything to do with Aubree.
She lowered her gaze and wanted to leave quietly.
As there was no response from her, Larry asked puzzledly, "Roxanne, are you all right?"
She paused in her steps when she heard the question and knew there wasno escape for her that day.
She lifted her head.
And true enough, Aubree had heard Larry's voice and was staring blankly in their direction. 
###Chapter 238
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 238
Chapter 238 Aubree's heart sank as they locked gazes. As expected, Roxanne was staying at this hotel too.
Since it was unavoidable, Roxanne had no choice but to keep her composure and walk to the elevator, pretending that she didn't see Aubree.
Aubree saw Roxanne turning a blind eye to her.
With gritted teeth, she strode over to Roxanne.
"Ms.Jarvis, Mr. Morrison, what a coincidence. Are you two staying here too?" Roxanne's brows crease slightly, but she planned to ignore Aubree.
Larry could tell what Roxanne was thinking, so he furtively moved between the two, separating Aubree from Roxanne.
Then he nodded politely, albeit sounding somewhat distant.
"A real coincidence indeed, Ms.Pearson.
You are " Before Larry could finish his sentence, Aubree cut him off with a smile, "Well, yes. Lucian is staying in this hotel too, so I'm planning to give him a surprise. I just got the keycard to his room." As Aubree spoke, she showed them the keycard and pretended to have done it inadvertently.
Then, she retracted her hand and bragged, "I guess the receptionist saw the news of my wedding with Lucian.
They just handed me the keycard before I asked." She was implying that she would stay in the same room as Lucian andthat everyone knew they were engaged.
The three entered the elevator one after another while talking.
With a grin, Aubree stretched out her arm, wanting to press the button.
However, Larry had already pressed the button to the top floor.
Aubree halted her movement after she saw that and gritted her teeth in irritation without making it obvious.
What? They are staying on the same floor as Lucian? Is this really a coincidence?
There were only three of them inthe elevator.
Roxanne was ignoring Aubree blatantly, while Larry had nothing to say to Aubree.
The atmosphere in the elevator was exceedingly depressing.
"Oh, right, what are the both of you doing here in Bellridge?" With a smile plastered on her face, Aubree clenched her fists and broke the silence while trying tosuppress her displeasure.
She wanted to know who was going after the other.
Although she was facing Larry, she was looking at Roxanne from the corner of her eye.
Roxanne remained straight-faced.
It was uncertain if she didn't hear what Aubree said or if she didn't mind where Aubree was staying.
"We came to join a conference here yesterday," Larry replied briefly.
A faint scowl appeared on Aubree's face.
Since the two had something to do here, Aubree wondered what had brought Lucian here.
The speculation she had in the morning became more intense in her heart.
Aubree couldn't hold back the anger she tried to conceal, and the smile on her face looked stiff.
"Is that so? Did you two meet Lucian in the past two days? I don't know if he is busy with something."
Larry was about to speakwhen he saw Roxanne, who had been remaining silent beside him, frown. That made him swallow the words on the tip of his tongue.
"Mr.Farwell is a busy man. We wouldn't have the chance to meet," Roxanne said coldly.
Before Aubree could react, Roxanne got out of the elevator as soon as the door opened.
Aubree followed behind Roxanne, looking gloomy.
They had breakfast together this morning.
And now she's telling me that they didn't meet? Is she trying to make a foolout of me? Following Roxanne along the corridor and seeing her entering a room, Aubree lifted her head and checked the room number.
Then she took a look at the keycard in her hands.
All color drained from Aubree's face.
Lucian's room number was only a digit different from Roxanne's room number.
Aubree tried hard to convince herself that it was only coincidental that the two were staying on thefloor.
However, she couldn't accept that they were staying next door to each other now that she saw it with her own eyes.
Now, Aubree could no longer persuade herself that this was a coincidence. 
###Chapter 239
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 239
Chapter 239 Back in her room, Roxanne's expression looked grim as she spaced out on the bed. Roxanne neverimagined she would encounter Lucian here.
Moreover, she never expected Aubree to come after him.
It was beyond Roxanne's imagination how things would turn out if the three met.
A faint scowl appeared on Roxanne's face.
Wasting no time, she stood up and started to pack her luggage.
She decided that she would avoid any trouble which she couldn't bear the consequences.
After all, she had nothing left to do in Bellridge.
Thus, it didn't matter when she left.
Halfway through packing, she heard a knock on the door.
Roxanne stood up to open the door.
Feeling slightly apprehensive, she raised her voice and asked, "Who is it?" From outside the door, Larry's voice sounded.
"It's me. It's almost time for lunch. Should we grab something to eat?" Roxanne opened the door consequently and let Larry into the room.
When Larry saw that Roxanne had almost done packing, he asked, "What are you doing?" "I'm thinking of leaving first sincethere's nothing left for me to do here." Roxanne smiled apologetically.
Lucian furrowed his brows: "Is this because of Aubree?" Otherwise, why would you want to leave all of a sudden when you didn't mention a word aboutwanting to go back and when you seemed fine this morning? Larry was aware of the conflicts between the two.
Therefore, Roxanne didn't try to hide it and lowered her eyes as a form of confirmation.
"What can she do to you with me here? We'll keep each other accompany.
She wouldn't accuse you of having something to do with Mr.Farwell, would she?" Larry was puzzled.
"I only want to save myself from trouble. After all, there's nothing left for me to do here, and I can leave whenever I want. So why should I make things hard for myself?" Roxanne smiled faintly.
After pondering for a while, Larry nodded in agreement.
"You're right. There's nothing much left to do here anyway. I'll go back too since you're leaving. Let me pack up my stuff." Roxanne promptly nodded at that.
Soon after, Larry and Roxanne both packed up their luggage and went to the hotel Hobbyto check out of their respective rooms.
They turned around and got ready to leave after checking out but met Lucian, who had just returned at the entrance.
"Mr.Farwell," Larry greeted politely.
As for Roxanne, she simply nodded her head coldly.
Lucian saw them carrying their luggage.
With his brows furrowed tightly, he asked, "You two are leaving?" "The conference is over, and we have nothing to dohere. It's time for us to leave. Please excuse us, Mr.Farwell," Larry said. He then turned to face Roxanne, unsure if she had anything to say to Lucian.
However, Roxanne looked indifferent and left with her luggage right after he finished his sentence.
It was lunchtime.
Roxanne didn't want to encounter Aubree coming down from her room and be troubled by the latter.
Seeing that, Larry strode off right behind her.
Lucian reached out and grabbed Roxanne's wrist when she reached the entrance.
Roxanne halted her steps and turned around slightly to see Lucian's hand on her wrist.
"Mr.Farwell, please behave yourself."
Without loosening his grip, Lucian looked at Larry and asked, "What time is your flight?"
"It's the earliest flight. You won't be able to book a ticket now. Mr.Farwell, you shouldn't hold up our time." Larry sounded aloof after he saw Lucian gripping Roxanne's wrist.
Lucian knitted his brows and said while staring at Roxanne, "Well, that's great. I bought a ticket for the same flight too. Let's leave together." "I think you should keep your fiancee accompanied, Mr.Farwell. She's just arrived and is waiting for you in your room. We'll be on our way now." Roxanne shook off his hand, spun on her heels, and walked off without lookingback. 
###Chapter 240
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 240
Chapter 240 Lucian's expression dimmed as he watched Roxanne leave.
She had seemed fine this morning and didn't look as though she wanted toleave.
Thus, Lucian was confused by her sudden decision.
If Lucian had heard it right, Roxanne had mentioned that his fiancee was waiting for him in his room.
He wondered what she meant by that.
As soon as the two were out of sight, Lucian instructed Cayden in a low voice, "Buythe plane ticket for the earliest flight back to Horington." Cayden carried out the instruction right away.
Lucian turned around and walked into the elevator with a solemn expression on his face.
He wanted to see the person who dared to claim to be his fiancee since Roxanne had said that his fiancee was waiting for him in his room.
Lucian looked grim when he opened the door.
He scanned the room after he entered the room, but no one was inside.
Just as he was about to ask Cayden to find out what was happening, someone.
knocked on the door.
Cayden quickly went to open the door.
Unsure of what to do when he saw the person standing at the door, he greeted, "Ms.Pearson." "Where is Lucian?" Aubree craned her neck to look inside.
Aubree was sure she had heard some noise coming from inside Lucian's room from her room.
Also, Lucian should be back at the hotel at this time.
After looking around, Aubree frowned, as she didn't see Lucian.
Then she tried to enter the room.
Seeing that, Cayden swiftly stopped her.
"Ms.Pearson, this is Mr.Farwell's room. I don't think it's appropriate for you to come in." Aubree ignored him and said, "It's just a matter of time for Lucian and me to get married. Why is it inappropriate for me to enter his room? Let me
in!"
Cayden didn't dareto stop Aubree with too much force since she was a lady.
Soon, she managed to make her way into the room.
Aubree thought Lucian wasn't in his room since he didn't show himself even after she had caused such a big commotion.
To her surprise, she saw Lucian sitting on the couch after she entered the room.
Lucian had just returned from his business.
He was sitting upright on the couch with his suit on and his legs crossed and looking at her emotionlessly, which made her feel a sense of oppression.
When Aubree met Lucian's gaze, she said carefully, "Lucian, you're here..." Lucian remained expressionless as he staredat her.
It suddenly dawned on him that the fiancee Roxanne had mentioned was Aubree.
Roxanne must have left in a rush because of Aubree's unannounced arrival.
"This is my room. Of course I'm here. As for you, what are you doing here?" Lucian's expression turned icy.
Aubree looked away with guilt.
"Oh, it's nothing. I have some work to do here in Bellridge, and Mrs. Farwell told me you're here for a business trip.
So I'm here to see you." "Does Pearson Group have a project here in Bellridge? Why didn't I know that?"Lucian showed no mercy and exposed her.
In recent years, Farwell Group had been acting as the middleman for many projects for PearsonGroup.
Hence, it was natural for Lucian to know of their businesses.
Aubree's expression changed, and she clenched her fists.
She steeled herself and said, "We only started negotiating recently.
It's not a done deal yet.
I came here to give it a try." Aubree was afraid Lucian would continue digging into it, so she immediately changed the topic.
"Oh, right, why are you staying in this kind of hotel? Did your.
partner book this for you?" As soon as she finished her sentence, Aubree could feel thatthe temperature in the room had become colder. Lucian shot her a glance before retracting his gaze. 
###Chapter 241
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 241
Chapter 241 Aubree only wanted to know if Lucian had come here for Roxanne.
Although she had a rough idea, she still wanted tohear it from Lucian.
However, she never thought she would go over the line.
Looking at Lucian's icy cold expression, Aubree panicked and apologized while keeping her composure, "I'm sorry.
You must have your reason to stay here." After that, she asked tentatively, "When do you plan to leave? Maybe we can leave together if our timingmatches?" Lucian lifted his gaze and glanced at Cayden. "Mr.Farwell, I've bought the plane tickets," Cayden said reverently.
Luckily, a first-class seat was left when Cayden received the instruction to buy a plane ticket.
"All right. Pack up my luggage and prepare to leave." Lucian rose to his feet.
He stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window with a hand in his pocket and looked down.
He thought he could catch up with the two if he left right away and wondered how Roxanne would react when she saw him.
Alook of suspicion flashed in Aubree's eyes when she heard that.
I've just arrived, and Lucian is leaving now? Aubree was sure that Roxanne wasn't planning to leave earlier.
Did I overthink it? Is Lucian really here for a business trip?
At that thought, Aubree plucked up her courage and asked, "Areyou planning to leave now? Let's go back together if you're not in a rush.
I can settle my things quickly.
Just wait for me for a while." Lucian acted as though he didn't hear Aubree's invitation.
He said coldly, "I have done my job, so I have no reason to stay here any longer.
Maybe you should get back to work since you're busy.
Don't loiter around here." After he said that, he retracted his gaze from her.
Aubree stood at the entrance in a daze and took a while to register what was happening.
With tightly clenched fists, Aubree turned around and strode away after she saw that Lucian had no intention of continuing their conversation.
After Aubree left, she saw two housekeepers opening Roxanne's hotel room.
Her heart sank when she saw that, and she walked over quickly.
"Where's the guest in this room?" "She has checked out," the housekeeper replied.
Checked out? Aubree looked as if she got struck by lightning.
Earlier, Lucian had said he was going to leave too.
Aubree had wondered why he was leaving so abruptly.
It turned out that it was because Roxanne had left.
She had tried so hard to find out the answer from Lucian.
However, she got the answer from the housekeepers instead.
Lucian had gone on a business trip to Bellridge abruptly and had stayed in this kind of hotel.
Moreover, he had been staying right next to Roxanne's room.
And now, he even asked Cayden to buy him a plane ticket as soon as Roxanne left.
This was all because he was following Roxanne.
Suddenly, Aubree felt her vision going dark, and she couldn't calm down for a long while.
Although she had speculated this earlier, she still couldn't accept the reality when she heard it herself.
Aubree recovered from the shock after a while.
The first thing she did was check the flight schedule back to Horington through her phone.
According to the time when Roxanne and Lucian left the hotel, she reckoned they must have bought the earliestflight ticket.
However, the tickets for the earliest flight were sold out by the time she opened the site.
Aubree's face was ashen as soon as she saw there were no tickets left.
With gritted teeth, she put her phone back in her pocket.
At this moment, Lucian opened the door and walked out of his room.
Aubree opened her mouth and was about to speak.
Lucian raised his eyes and glanced in Aubree's direction.
But as if he didn't see her, he quickly withdrew his gaze.
Aubree couldn't speak up even after the two entered the elevator. 
###Chapter 242
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 242
Chapter 242 An hour later, on a plane to Horington, Roxanne frowned slightly when she saw the manboarding the plane. She thought Lucian didn't really mean it.
After all, they bought the tickets in a hurry.
Besides, when she had bought the tickets, she saw only three remaining tickets.
After Larry and Roxanne bought their tickets, there was only one ticket left.
Therefore, little did she know that Lucian would buy the last ticket coincidentally.
A trace of regret flashed across her eyes the moment Roxanne saw the man getting closer and closer to her.
Just now, she planned to go back by herself, so she only bought a ticket for herself first.
Since she and Larry bought their tickets separately, they didn't get to sit together, and the seat for the person who had the last ticket was right besidehers.
Initially, Roxanne didn't expect that Lucian's seat would be beside hers, so the thought ofchanging seats with another person didn'tcross her mind.
Currently, she was at the window seat, and the man had walked up to her, blocking her only escaperoute.
If she stood up and requested to have her seat changed, her intention to avoid himwould become obvious.
While she was still hesitating, the man had already sat down beside her.
Her forehead furrowed, Roxanne snapped out of her reverie and stayed in her seat as that was the only choiceshe had.
Before Lucian got on the plane, he was still wondering where Roxanne would be seated.
To his pleasant surprise, the moment he boarded the plane, he saw the woman next to his seat.
Noticing her reluctance to sit with him, Lucian smirked meaningfully and uttered, "As I said, I also bought a ticket for this flight. Unfortunately, you and Mr.Morrison didn't even want to wait for me, Ms.Jarvis." Roxanne turned her head away from him and gazed at the scenery outside the window, ignoring him.
Since she couldn't escape, she planned to treat this man as though he was a stranger and flyback to Horington uneventfully.
However, the person beside her didn't see eye to eye with her on that.
"I'm a bit curious, Ms.Jarvis. Why did you leave in a hurry? I didn't hear you mentioning going back to Horington when we had breakfast." Lucian's voice rang from the side, histone unfathomable. Scowling, Roxanne turned over and answered him coldly with another question, "Mr.Farwell, I'm also curious why would you leave your fiancee behind in Bellridge and go back to Horington by yourself?"
- At the mentionof his fiancee, Lucian's gaze darkened.
She pretended that she hadn't noticed the change in his expression as she continued, "Mr.Farwell, you're going to get married soon. You should spend more time with your fiancee at this critical juncture."
When Lucian was about to reply to her, the woman next to him took out a small blanketand covered herself with it up to her face.
She then turned her back to him and lay down.
Through the blanket, her muffled voice sounded.
"I'm tired. I need to rest. Mr.Farwell, please be quiet." With that, she closed her eyes, and Lucian could only see the back of her head.
In the end, Lucian stopped striking up a conversation with her as he stared quietly at the woman beside him.
Judging from the time Roxanne left and the words she had said just now, Lucian was sure that her abrupt departure had something to do with Aubree.
However, he couldn't figure out how Roxanne viewed his relationship with Aubree.
If I'm really just a stranger to Roxanne, why is she so hostile toward my rumored fiancee? Roxanne had no idea what he was ruminating about asshe continued to pretend to be asleep.
She originally wanted to "sleep" all the way to Horington in order to avoid the .person next to her.
To her dismay, even with her back to him, she could feel that the man's prickly gaze was on her, making her unable to doze off. 
###Chapter 243
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 243
Chapter 243 Along while had passed, but the man's gaze was still fixed on her.
Irritated, Roxanne knitted her brows and raised her hand to pullthe blanket up again to have her entire face covered, attempting to reduce the sense of oppression she felt due to the man's unrelenting gaze. However, since she still had her eyes closed, she failed to tug the blanket up when she raisedher hand.
Instead, the blanket fell.
Sensing that the weight on her had slid off, Roxanne froze for a moment as she wondered if she should open her eyes and pick up the blanket.
But when she thought of her current situation, she feared that the atmosphere would get even more awkward if she let the man know that she had been playing possum.
On the other hand, without the blanket, she would feel even more uneasy due to his piercing stare.
While she was still at a loss, the person seated next to her moved, causing Roxanne to tense up immediately.
She had no idea what he was about to do.
Moments later, a familiar scent wafted into her nose.
With all her might, she forced herself to calm down and not let her eyelids tremble.
Soon, the blanket that had fallen off was draped over her again.
Lucian's movements were gentle.
It was as though he was worried he would wake her up.
After draping the blanket over her body, he even arranged the blanket nicely for her.
Roxanne assumed that he would back off after that, but to her surprise, he did not.
Even when she had her eyes closed, she could still feel his gaze lingering on her face.
What is he looking at? Just as she couldn't help but open her eyes, Lucian averted his gaze.
With that, the pressure Roxanne felt disappeared instantly, and she heaved a sigh of relief, and what followed wasa sense of gloominess.
For some reason, she recalled the day when she was down with fever.
When I was fast asleep that day, Lucian probably had taken care of me like how he did justnow.
This is something I wouldn't even dare to imagine in the past, but I didn't expectit would happen to me so easily today.
She had never thought that the man, who wouldn't even spare her a glance in the past, would take care of her so thoughtfully and meticulously.
Hit had happened six years ago, she would have been so glad that she would smile in her dream.
But now that she had been through all those, she did not feel happy at all.
On the contrary, she only felt troubled.
There are things that come too late in life.
It's so late that I don't even need them anymore.
Roxanne scoffed inwardly as that thought crossed her mind.
Sitting at the side, Lucian had been staring at Roxanne for a long while.
Similarly, his heart was troubled.
Six years ago, Roxanne went missing, and he spent a lot of time and effort to find her.
At long last, she was found, but she was no longer looking at him the way she used to be six years ago.
Lucian couldn't even decipher how he felt when he met her again for the first time.
He was both surprised and furious, but the strongest feeling he had at that moment was regret.
He regretted he didn't stop her back then, which caused her to avoid him like the plague.
Their seats were now next to one another, but she pretended to be asleep to avoid sparing hima glance.
Lucian frowned as he cast a complicated look at the woman beside him.
She probably didn't know what she looked like when she was asleep, much less know how different she was nowfrom it.
Even when he was putting the blanket on her just now, Roxanne obviously went stiff momentarily.
Needless to say, he noticed all the signs, but since she wanted to do that, Lucian wouldn't expose her.
Sensing that Lucian was staring at her again, Roxanne furrowed her brows slightly.
She groped for the edge of the blanket and pulled it over her head, no longer caring if he would notice that she was faking being asleep.
With that, Lucian's burning gaze was blocked. 
###Chapter 244
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 244
Chapter 244 It wasn't until the plane landed that Roxanne removed the blanket on her and sat up calmly with a pair of clear eyes.
Lucian turned his head over and glanced at her.
He was not surprised to see that she didn't look.groggy at all.
A hint of self-deprecation surged in his heart, but in the end, he didn't say a word.
Even with how reserved he was now, Roxanne wanted to avoid him.
If he crossed the line again, he was worried that she would hide at a place where he couldn't reach just like sixyears ago.
It had been difficult to find her, so Lucian did not want to scare her away.
The person sitting next to her didn't bulge.
Roxanne frowned, but she didn't urge him to move aside.
When almost of the people got off the plane, Lucian rose to his feet placidly.
The two then got off the plane one after the other.
Meanwhile, Larry and Cayden were already waiting for them outside.
While they were on the plane just now, Larry saw Lucian sitting next to Roxanne, but the plane had takenoff, so he couldn't do anything about it.
Upon seeing Lucian, Larry merely greeted the former out of courtesy, then turned to look at Roxanne.
"You don't have a car.
I'll send you back." Roxanne replied with a smile, "Thanks, Larry."
As she spoke, she completely ignored the man beside her and strode over to Larry's side.
Seeing the woman, who had been giving him the cold shoulder, smile at another man, Lucian was naturally displeased and extended hishand to grab her wrist.
The smile on Roxanne's face gradually faded as she turned around to face Lucian.
"Mr.Farwell, what else do you want?" Lucian gazed into her eyes, but he couldn't find any tracesof amicability in them.
What he found were only distance and distress.
Realizing that she didn't want to communicate with him at all, Lucian tightened his grip on her unthinkingly.
"Let me send you." Upon hearing that, Roxanne forced a smile placidly.
"No need.
Mr.Farwell, you're a busy man.
I'd better not waste your time.
Besides, I'm closer to Larry than you, Mr.Farwell.
I won't feel burdened if Larry sends me home." Lucian's expression turned gloomy instantly.
Although Roxanne had repeatedly emphasized that they were just strangers to one another, it was the first time she said in frontof him that she was closer to another man.
Turning a blind eye to the change in his expression, Roxanne looked at the hand gripping hers, then glanced around and noticed that they had attracted the attention ofnumerous onlookers.
"Mr.Farwell, thank you for your kind offer.
If there's nothing else, let go of me now.
Otherwise, rumors of us dating will spread.
I don't want Ms.Pearson to misunderstand our relationship." At the mention of Aubree, Lucian loosened his grip on Roxanne.
Because of Aubree, his mother had had serious conversations with him, and it even caused trouble for Roxanne.
Lucian didn't want to bring any trouble to her life because of himself.
However, Roxanne surmised that he relented because he cared about his relationship with Aubree.
Roxanne couldn't help but feel a hint of irony in her heart.
Since he cares so much about Aubree, why did he pester me now and again?
Not wishing to dwell on that matter, Roxanne shookoff his hand and walked over to Larry.
"Let's go." Larry bobbed his head before nodding to Lucian out of courtesy and leading Roxanne out.
As Lucian watched the two leave side by side, the temperature around him turned colder.
All the while, Cayden stood silently at the side.
When he saw that Roxanne had entered Larry's car, Cayden turned around to look at his employer, feeling nervous.
It wasn't until Larry's car left that Cayden spoke tentatively.
"Mr.Farwell, we should go too..." Lucian hummed a response, his gaze darkening. 
###Chapter 245
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 245
Chapter 245 On the way back, Cayden gingerly peeked at Lucian through the rearview mirror as the former was in the front passengerseat.
Throughout the ride, Lucian's brows remained deeply furrowed.
The tension in the car was so thick that one could cut it with a knife.
Cayden had been Lucian's subordinate for a long time, and the former had never seen his employer so vexed before.
For a moment, Cayden felt puzzled, as he was not sure what kind of feelings Lucian had for Roxanne.
Could he have feelings for Ms.Jarvis...
But Mr.Farwell is engaged to Ms. Pearson, and he has never denied that to the public.
On the other hand, if he doesn't like Roxanne...
Ever since Roxanne's return, Cayden clearly felt that Lucian had changed.
The way Lucian treated Ms.Pearson was utterly different from the way he treated Roxanne.
When Lucian was with Aubree, he would fulfill every request she had, but he seemed to be emotionless with her.
Meanwhile, when Lucian was with Roxanne, he would have mood swings.
For example, he flew into a rage because he saw her having a close relationship with another man.
Besides, Lucian's protectiveness and possessiveness for Roxanne were almost all over his face.
If this isn't love, does it mean that he's just refusing to accept the fact that she left without saying goodbyesix years ago? The longer Cayden pondered it, the more confused he felt.
Meanwhile, Roxanne and Larry were sitting in the backseat of Larry's car.
As she recalled Lucian's gloomy expression just now, she felt mixed feelings welling up within her, and she keptmum for a long time.
After being in contact with Lucian and Roxanne for two days, Larry had a vague guess in his heart.
Besides, he also noticed Lucian's expression just now, so Larry couldn't help but ask, "What's going on between you and Mr.Farwell?" Since Roxanne still hadn't pulled herself out of her reverie, she was stunned for a moment and stared at Larry in puzzlement upon hearing hiswords.
Seeing her bewildered look, Larry explained, "I don't know if you've noticed that Mr.Farwell treats you very differently.
At least, he treats you better than Aubree." Previously, at Alfred's birthday banquet, Larry had seen Lucian leave Aubreebehind and held Roxanne's hand to lead her out of the venue.
At that time, Larry had caught sight of Aubree's darkened expression.
Besides, Lucian had immediately hung up on Aubree just because Roxanne almost fell that morning.
If all these signs can't confirm that Roxanne is someone special to Lucian...When I took her away from Lucian just now, the grimness on Lucian's face said it all.
"Larry, what do you mean?" Roxanne knew what Larry was trying to say, but she still feigned ignorance.
Initially, she expected that Larry would follow her lead and drop the matter, but she was wrong.
Larry pointed it out directly.
"Do you think what kind of feelings Mr.Farwell has for you?" The sudden question caused her heart to skip a beat.
Her pupils contracting, she replied in a self-mocking tone, "I don't know.
At first, I thought he would hate me because of what happened six years ago.
But since I met him again, his actions made me a little confused." Larry spoke solemnly.
"Have it ever crossed your mind that he probably likes you?"
As soon as he said that, Roxanne raised her gazeto look at him in shock.
Larry's expression remained solemn.
"Larry, don't simply make assumptions without evidence." Roxanne averted her eyes apprehensively.
"No matter what kind of feelings he has for me, we are just friendly strangers now.
There's nothing more than that.
Besides, he is about to get engaged to Aubree." Ever since she met Lucian again, she had several guesses about how Lucian feltabout her, but she had never thought of the possibility of him liking her. Besides, she also had a feeling that it was not a romantic interest.
After all, she could still how much Lucian liked Aubree six years ago.
This is not the way Lucian behaves when he has feelings for the person.
Upon seeing her denying the claim, Larry knitted his brows slightly and keep his silence. 
###Chapter 246
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 246
Chapter 246 The car rolled to a stop at Roxanne's doorstep.
Thinking about the little ones at home, Roxanne reluctantly gathered her thoughts, beamed at Larry, and said, Thanks forthe trouble." He nodded and saw her out of the car.
He then said in a deep voice, "Please consider what I have said."
She froze for a moment and inclined her head warily.
After she watched him leave, she adjusted her emotions before turning over to open the door.
Just as it opened, she heard the commotion in the living room.
The children were having fun with Madilyn.
Hearing their voices made Roxanne feel inexplicably better.
The smile on her face grew wider.
"Mommy!"
Archie saw her first.
He immediately broke away from the play and ran to hug her on her legs.
Benny was still playing around with Madilyn.
They paused and rushed over after hearing Archie's excited exclamations.
The children clung to her legs, one on the left and the other on the right.
Roxanne laughed and patted them, "Have you been good?" Archie and Benny nodded vigorously and exclaimed, "We have been very good!"
Madilyn smirked and teased, "You have caused such a ruckus! Also, you guys were clamoring to get my phone just now." They looked at her grumpily, "Mommy wasn't home yet, we wanted to call her!" Madilyn made a silly face at them.
When they asked for her phone earlier on, she knew what they wanted.
At the same time, she heard the sound outside the house and knew that Roxanne was back.
She became playful and wanted to tease them.
Roxanne's heart melted as she observed their squabble, "Just a night and you miss me so much?"
They nodded their heads firmly and replied, "Last nightwe couldn't sleep because) you weren't around!" Madilyn pinched their little faces and said, "Didn't I read you to sleep?" Archie, whose face was pinched, pouted and whined.
"Aunt Madilyn's voice was not soothing at all, she chased away our sleepiness."
He made it sounded like a big deal.
Madilyn raised her eyebrows and burst out laughing.
Roxanne couldn't help but chuckle, all of her depressed emotions were put behind the back of her head.
The four of them bantered for a while, and Roxanne grinned at Madilyn, "I can't thank you enough for thesepast two days.
They must have been naughty." This is especially true when they were with Madilyn.
Even Archie, who was always calm would also pep up.
Madilyn glared at her and chided, "What's with the formality? I am their godmother so taking care of them will only be natural, right? Ldsecretly love to kidnap them home too!" In response, Archie and Benny shook their heads solemnly and said, "Even if you were to kidnap us, we will still find our way home!" She smacked their foreheads lightly and remarked, "As expected of your sons, these two are just as witty." The two children went over to her and held her hands innocently, "But we will also take a good care of you.
Aunt Madilyn is the second best in the world!" Without having to ask, it was easy to know whowas the best in the world to them.
Roxanne's smile grew wider.
As night fell, she suggested, "Let's eat out tonight! What would you want to have?" Benny raised his arm and answered, "BBQ!" Despite being raised overseas, Archie and Benny couldn't get enough of it after Madilyn brought them over a few times. Roxanne smiled and agreed, fetching the three of them out for a meal. 
###Chapter 247
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 247
Chapter 247 After Lucian came back from Bellridge, he went straight to the Farwell Group. By the time he finished all the piled-upwork, it was already evening.
When he was back at the manor, he saw Estella lying on the table in the living room, drawing with such concentration.
At the sight of Lucian, she put down her crayon and walked toward him with short strides.
Lucian leaned over and patted her head, "Do you miss Daddy?"
She nodded.
He started smiling when he saw her response.
He then stood up and called for Catalina to enquire on Estella's daily needs for the past two days.
He was relieved when he heard that she has been good.
After greeting Lucian, Estella skittered back to the table and continued drawing.
He went over and took a look, and saw five characters in her drawing.
Two boys were being held by a long-haired woman who was wearing a dress, and a little girl was being held by a tall man in blackshirt.
With just a glance, Lucian knew who she was drawing.
Reminiscing the past two days with Roxanne, his eyes darkened.
Her desire to leave him was written all over her face.
But she always had a soft spot for Estella.
After noticing that she had finished her drawing, he took out two figurines from the study and set before her.
These were bought together with the Lego for Archie and Benny.
Estella tilted her head, looking puzzled.
"I bought gifts for Archie and Benny during my work trip.
Please help daddy to pass them to the boys tomorrow, okay?" He said softly.
"And thank them for taking care of you in the kindergarten."
Upon hearing that there were presents for Archie and Benny,her eyes sparkled and she nodded excitedly.
The next day, Roxanne sent the children to school early in the morning to avoid meeting Lucian.
Even if he tried to stop her at the gate of the kindergarten, Lucian knew she might just ignore him.
Therefore, he still dropped Estella to school at the usual time.
Estella seemed disappointed when she did not see the sight of Roxanne.
However, she brightened up in anticipation after looking at the two figurines in her hands.
** She walked into the classroom and saw Archie and Benny were already on their seats.
She beamed and approached them, "Good morning, Archie and Benny." Both of them had always been taking care of Estella, as instructed by theirmother. When they saw her coming, they also waved and smiled at her.
She made an effort to stand on tiptoe and set the two boxes on their tables, looking at them in anticipation.
"What is this?" They could recognize almost instantly the global limited edition figurines, but were perplexed by heractions so they had to ask.
Her eyes crinkled with smiles and she uttered sweetly, "They are from daddy!"
Upon knowing who the senderwas, they frowned.
Although they liked the gifts, they dared not keep them.
Estella had lived with them for a period of time.
She had seen a variety of figurines in their rooms, so she knew how much they wouldlike the gift.
Yet it seemed to take them forever to receive the gift.
She nudged them and urged, "You like these, don't you?" They tried putting up a stern face to deny her statement, but looking at the figurines, they justcouldn't say it out loud. Eventually, they relented and said, "It's too expensive.
Mommy won't let us take it." Estella didn't expect them to reject her.
They also brought up their mother.
She pouted, lowered her eyes and stood pitifully before them, looking as if she would start crying at any moment.
Seeing that, they exchanged a look and said hastily, "Since it is from Essie, we will take it.
Please help us thank Uncle Lucian." Only then did Estella start to smile again. 
###Chapter 248
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 248
Chapter 248 Roxanne continued her work at the research institute the second day after she returned from Bellridge.
When she was away for the past twodays, she asked Colby to help with everything.
As a result, he was exhausted.
Once they finished their work that night, Roxanne and Colby walked out together.
Colby teased, "Dr.Jarvis, don't you have any plans to thank me for helping out during your day off?" Hearingthat, Roxanne chuckled lightly.
"Of course.
Let's have dinner together since we're both free tonight." On the contrary, Colby had asked her out to eat together countless times inthe past, but she always turned him down.
Besides, he knew she only thought of him as a colleague, so he didn't push heranymore after that.
When she brought it up, he understood that she only suggested it to thank him for his help.
Immediately, he agreed.
"All right.
I'll take you up on your offer." Both of them went to get their cars.
After Roxanne got into her car, she sent Lysa a message, telling the latter to fetchArchie and Benny.
Once she had done that, she drove in front of Colby's car and led the way.
She couldn't think of a good place to eat, so she went to the restaurant she had been to with Larry the last time.
Roxanne parked her car after she reached the entrance of the restaurant.
Once Colby arrived, both of them walked into the restaurant.
Since they didn't make a reservation, it took a while until they managed to order their food.
Colby started small talk as they waited for their food to be served.
"I heard you turned Mr.Lynch down during the medical conference when he wanted to accept you as his student." She smiled.
"Having Professor Lambert as my teacher is already enough for me.
Besides, my research approach differs from that of Mr.Lynch's, so it's for the best." As both of them chatted about what happened at the medicalconference, Roxanne's phone vibrated.
She took it out and looked at it.
There was a message from the parents' group chat.
Since Archie and Benny started attending school, Pippa had added her to the group chat.
However, the group had always been quiet, so she wondered what had happened that day.
She clicked into the group chat and saw that it was a message from Pippa.
It wrote: Dear parents, the school will hold a tree-planting welfare activity to allow the kids to experience the fun of planting saplings.
It's going to be an overnight trip.
Feel free to send me a private message if you have any special inquiries.
The rest of the messages were from a few parents.
There weren't any particular inquiries, but most of them asked about the venue, the time ofdeparture, and what to bring.
Pippa answered all of their questions.
The trip was on the coming weekend, and the kindergarten would be responsible for arranging the accommodation.
Every student had to be accompanied by a parent, and they only needed to bring some daily necessities and a change of clothes.
Each student has to be accompanied by a parent, huh...
Roxanne thought about Estella.
I guess Lucian or Aubree will accompany her.
She didn't want to meet either of them.
However, if she participated in that activity, they would undoubtedly meet.
All the parents of the students in the kindergarten were wealthy, so they knew who Aubree and Lucian were.
Besides, some of them might've attended Alfred's birthday banquet.
Thave no idea what the other parents would say and spread around if I get entangled with Aubree and Lucian during the outing.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne couldn't help but feel a headache coming.
Colby sat in front of her and asked about the medical conference.
However, when he didn't get any response from her after some time, he glanced at her out of.
concern and noticed that she was staring at her phone in a daze.
"What's wrong?" Colby asked.
Slowly, she regained her senses and forcefully suppressed the worry in her heart.
"It's nothing.
It's just some activity at the kids' kindergarten," she replied, shaking her head and smiling.
Seeing that Roxanne had no intention of saying anything else, he didn't press on. 
###Chapter 249
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 249
Chapter 249 After dinner, Roxanne and Colby went separate ways, returning to their own homes.
When Roxanne arrived home. Lysa had fetched the two kids back.
They were playing with Legos on the carpet.
Archive and Benny immediately surrounded Roxanne when they saw her enter.
Roxanne patted their heads and asked concernedly, "Have you two taken your meals?"
They nodded obediently and blinked their eyes at her.
"Mommy, Ms. Ward said she's bringing us to plant trees this weekend." Roxanne was slightly taken aback at the mention of that matter.
She gazed downward and beamed at her children.
"Yes. I know that." With that, she pretended to be nonchalant and entered the living room.
Archie and Benny trailed behind their mother and followed her to the side of the carpet.
She crouched down and fiddled with the partially-built Lego pieces as a conflicted look spread across her face.
She pondered the whole journey on her way back.
In the end, she was left with the same conclusion.
She might run into Lucian or Aubree if she participated in the activity.
That was such a coincidence.
All the while, she had been racking her brains, thinking of ways to avoid Lucian and Aubree.
Yet, the kindergarten decided to host an activity at that time.
"Mommy, will you go with us?" The two kids gazed at Roxanne in anticipation.
That was their first time joining such a group activity.
The idea sounded very interesting to Archie and Benny.
Catching sight of their hopeful, gleaming eyes, Roxanne hesitated and could not bring herself to refuse them directly.
She merely said, 'Til ask Aunt Madilyn to accompany you two.
Will that be all right?" That was the only way she could think of.
Hearing their mother's words, Archie and Benny were obviously a little disappointed.
"Do you not want to go with us, Mommy?" Roxanne's heart softened slightly.
"No, it's not that. It's just... I have to work overtime during the weekend. I'm afraid I do not have the time to accompany you two."
Archie and Benny stared at her forsome time.
Roxanne did not know if they figured out she was lying.
-Meeting their eyes, she felt guilty and sorry.
That was the first time the kids participated in a group activity involving the students' parents since they started school, so the event was supposedto be memorable and significant. Undoubtedly, Archie and Benny wished Roxanne could go with them.
However, she could not tell them she was avoiding Lucian and Aubree.
After all, that was a matter between the adults.
"Okay." A few moments later, Archie and Benny nodded in disappointment.
Roxanne let out a sigh of relief inwardly before taking out her phone to call Madilyn.
The latter picked up only after a long while.
"Roxanne, what's the matter? Is there a problem?" Madilyn sounded exhausted.
Roxanne frowned.
She asked in concern, "Are you still busy?" Madilyn heaved a long sigh and uttered weakly, "I don'twant to talk about that.
A severely ill patient was just admitted here, and the patient requires close monitoring around the clock.
I doubt I'll have any time to spare this weekend." Upon hearing that, Roxanne swallowed her unspokenwords to request Madilyn's help.
"In that case, I'll stop bothering you. You should prioritize the patient. Everything is fine on my end. It's just that the kids are missing you." Madilyn smiled.
"Okay. Tell them I'll go over and play with them another day."
They did not chat for long and hung upthe call soon after.
Roxanne looked up at Archie 'and Benny beside her and sighed softly.
"Aunt Madilyn is busy. I'll accompany you two this weekend." She could not forbid the kids to join the activitysimply because Lucian and Aubree might be there. Archie and Benny exchanged glances.
Overjoyed, they hugged Roxanne's arms and cheered affectionately, "You're the best, Mommy!" Roxanne smiled without saying a word.
She felt heavy-hearted at the thought of the inevitable meeting on the weekend. 
###Chapter 250
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 250
Chapter 250 At the Farwell residence, Lucian frowned when he saw the message in the WhatsApp group after fetching Estella back home.
On the way back earlier, Estella had regarded him with a look as if she had something to say.
Lucian reckoned that had something to do with the tree-planting activity.
During mealtime, Lucian took the initiative and asked, "Is the kindergarten organizational a treeplanting activity?"
Estella nodded excitedly upon hearing her father mentioning that matter.
She had wanted to raise that topic to her father when they were inside that car just now.
However, when Estella was reminded of Lucian's usual reluctance to take part in such events hosted by the school, she did not know how she shouldpropose that idea to her father so that he would agree to join. D Lucian grimaced at the sight of Estella's hopeful demeanor.
He could roughly figure out the reason behind her sudden change in behavior.
That was not the first time the kindergarten had organized such a parent-child bonding event.
In the past, due to Lucian's heavy workload, Estella's autism spectrum and unwillingness to interact with other children, Lucian had always chosen to avoid participatingin those activities whenever possible. However, this time, perhaps because of Archie and Benny's influence, Estella had, for the first time, gained interest in those activities.
Amidst his wistful rumination on Archie and Benny's significant effect on Estella, a childish voice sounded beside Lucian's ears.
"I want to go." Estella gazed at her father in anticipation with her large eyes.
She had not seen Roxanne in a long time.
Estella was certain Roxanne would attend the event with Archie and Benny, so she would be able to meet with Roxanne then.
An astonished look flashed across Lucian's face when he heard Estella's voice.
Ever since Roxanne started avoiding him, Estella had been adamant about keeping quiet in front of Lucian.
To his surprise, Estella had made an exception because of this activity.
"Do you really want to join that badly?" Lucian furrowed his brows at her.
She nodded firmly.
At that sight, Lucian hesitated briefly.
After recalling his pending work that weekend, he said in a hoarse voice, "Let's go together next time, okay? I have to work this weekend, so I cannotaccompany you." The lights in Estella's eyes dimmed.
She shook her head in refusal as she could not wait any longer to see Roxanne.
Lucian knitted how brows and coaxed further, "Archie and Benny aren't going anywhere.
They will still participate in the next activity.
You can play with them then." "No!" Estella declined and pouted.
Lucian's head hurt upon taking in Estella's stubbornness.
Previously, Estella had often stayed away from those activities, and Lucian thought those recreations were a waste of time too.
They had always shared a mutual perception on that matter.
Unexpectedly, she was so determined this time.
She clenched her tiny fists and stared intently at him, hoping he would change his mind.
Still, Lucian remained silent.
Tears gradually brimmed in her eyes.
Estella lowered her head and muttered aggrievedly, "Ms. Jarvis..."
She yearned to meet with Roxanne.
Hearing Estella's words, Lucian's face darkened instantaneously.
He had been too occupied lately, so he had not considered Roxanne would also participate in that activity.
However, at the thought of how Roxanne was evading him, Lucian highly doubted she would personally bring Archie and Benny to join the event.
He figured Roxanne might even disallow them to go altogether.
The screen of his phone lighted up.
Pippa sent a message in the WhatsApp group: No guardian has texted me in private thus far, so I assume everyonewill be coming.
This activity will enhance the bond between children and their parents.
I'll take this opportunity to wish everyone a great time in advance.
The screen slowly dimmed afterward.
Lucian's resolution wavered.
He patted Estella's head and croaked, "I got it. 
###Chapter 251
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 251
Chapter 251 It was weekend soon. Roxanne brought the kids to the kindergarten early in the morning.
That was the first time Archie and Benny attended a group activity.
Holding Roxanne's hands, the two kids could not contain their curiosity as they continuously took in their surroundings eagerly.
Many children walked over and greeted Archie and Benny one after the other, and the siblings responded in kind.
Only then did Roxanne realize how popular Archie and Benny were at the kindergarten.
"Ms.Jarvis!"
Suddenly, a childish voice sounded from behind her.
Roxanne had not met Estella for a long time, so she also missed the latter dearly.
When she heard the little girl's voice, Roxanne grinned out of habit and turned around to hug Estella.
However, when she turned on her heels, Roxanne was instead met with Lucian's gaze.
Her expression stiffened as the smile on her face gradually dissipated.
She merely lifted her arm and patted Estella s head.
"Good morning, Essie." Then, she looked up indifferently at the man standing before her.
"Good morning, Mr.Farwell." As they were participating in an outdoor activity, Lucian was dressed in casual attire.
The dark-colored lightweight windbreaker that wrapped around his body accentuated his tall and broad figure.
His fringe hung loosely over his forehead, giving him a younger look.
Lucian's eyes darkened when he held Roxanne's gaze.
The next moment, he flashed an impassive smile as well.
"I thought you would not come today, Ms.Jarvis."
Roxanne was stunned upon hearing that.
Naturally, she fathomed he was hinting at the way she had been avoiding him lately.
At that thought, she could not help but feel the sarcasm.
Shouldn't he know better why I'm avoiding him? Who gives him the right to criticize me, then?
Roxanne gazed downward nonchalantly after recollecting herself.
"This is the first time Archie and Benny are attending a group activity, so I should accompanythem." Lucian glanced at Estella who was standing next to him and agreed, "You're right, Ms.Jarvis.
This is also Essie's first time participating in a group activity since her recovery, so I have to make time to keep her companyregardless of my busy schedule." Roxanne's heart softened at the mention of Estella's illness as she regarded the little girl with an expression filled with the utmost tenderness.
Estella was staring at Roxanne with her large eyes.
When their lines of vision came in contact, Estella beamed at the latter.
Taking in Estella's innocent smile, Roxanne merely felt her heart ached.
She could not bear to pull her eyes away from Estella even after a long while.
As the crowd began to swell, many parents walked over, attempting to become acquainted with Lucian.
Only then did Roxanne look away from Estella and take a step back.
"I shall not keep you occupied since you're so busy, Mr.Farwell." With that, she turned around and left with Archie and Benny.
The parents surrounding Lucian were still talking, but he was not paying any attention to them.
Instead, his pensive eyes bore into Roxanne's leaving figure from behind.
Roxanne wore a yellow dress with white flower petals design that day.
She gave off a gentle and motherly vibe with her long hair casually placed behind her ears with ahairclip.
Archie and Benny, holding their mother's hands, were dressed identically in white sports outfits.
They appeared no different from two little princes.
The trio was exceptionally eye-catching amidst the crowd.
When Estella noticed Roxanne leaving, she anxiously broke away from Lucian's grasp.
Lucian knew his daughter's intention.
Still, he did not stop her and simply let go of her hand, allowing Estella to do as she pleased.
Roxanne had just moved a short distance away when she sensed someone grabbing the hem of her dress.
Assuming that a naughty child had done that, she turned around, wanting to ask the child to let go.
However, her eyes fell on Estella's pitiful-looking face the next instant.
"Ms.Jarvis, do you not like me anymore?" Clutching the hem of Roxanne's dress, Estella pouted and gazed at the former with sad eyes. 
###Chapter 252
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 252
Chapter 252 Estella wore a blue lace top paired with a long white skirt. She looked like a little princess witha big red ribbon perched on her head and a faint blush on her fair complexion.
Moreover, everyone at the kindergarten knew she was Lucian's precious daughter, so when they saw Estella grabbing the hem of a woman's dress in a pitiable state, the crowd turnedin the little girl's direction. Roxanne had a soft spot for Estella, to begin with.
With so many people staring at them, Roxanne was at a loss at that instant.
She glanced at Lucian, who was standing in the distance.
At that moment, he was surrounded by a group of parents and was politely engaged in a discussion, seemingly ignorant ofthe ongoing scene on Roxanne's end.
In the end, she could only retract her gaze, crouched down, and patted Estella s head.
"There's no way I will dislike you.
You're such a good girl, Essie." Estella sniffled before complaining in a childish voice, "You never come to visit me lately, Ms.Jarvis.
I miss you so much." Roxanne's heart melted at once.
She had the urge to embrace Estella and coax her.
However, because of the many pairs of watchful eyes around them, she could only hold the little girl's hands and say, "I've been very busy recently and just came back from outstation work two days ago." Upon hearing that, a hint of confusion flashed across Estella's eyes as she looked at Roxanne in bafflement.
"Why did you walk away then?" If Ms.Jarvis likes me, why didn't she spend more time with me when we finally meet after so long? Roxanne was rendered speechless by Estella's question.
There was no way she could tell Estella that she had walked away because of her father, Lucian.
Sensing Roxanne's prolonged silence, Estella began to pout again as disappointment filled her eyes.
Roxanne was overwhelmed by guilt at the sight of Estella's demeanor.
Just when she was at a loss of how to comfort the little girl, Roxanne felt someone's shadow loom over her.
She gazed upward.
Lucian strode over through the crowd without Roxanne realizing it.
Standing in front of her, Lucian gazed down at her with an unfathomable look on his face.
"Essie, Ms.Jarvis has to take care of Archie and Benny.
Let's not bother her," Lucian uttered in a hoarse voice after a few moments and bentdown to hold Estella's hand.
Feeling reluctant to leave, Estella turned sideways to avoid her father's hand.
Then, she inched closer to Roxanne and said stubbornly, "I want to stay with Ms. Jarvis." Lucian and Roxanne's expressions froze after seeing Estella's reaction.
Many people around them had been keeping an eye on Lucian's every movement.
As a result, they were all staring in Roxanne's direction.
Panic surged within her like vomit.
When she made the decision to join the activity with Archie and Benny, Roxanne had actually anticipated something like that would happen.
Still, she did not know how to react when she was stuck in that awkward situation.
According to her plan, she should have gotten up and left mercilessly.
However, when she met Estella, she could not bring herself to do that.
"Ms.Jarvis, if you don't mind, why don't we stick around together for some time?" Lucian straightenedhimself and gazed at Roxanne.
Estella turned to look at Roxanne in anticipation after Lucian uttered those words.
Roxanne hesitated briefly before nodding finally.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny looked at Lucian warily.
Nevertheless, they were also looking forward to what would happen next.
Although they did not like their father, that was their first time participating in a class activity.
The two kids were delighted to have both their parents accompanying them.
Roxanne stood up and glanced at the crowd.
In the end, she did not reach out to hold Estella's hand.
Lucian understood her concern.
His eyes darkened as he held Estella's hand and brought her to his side.
This time, Estella did not avoid his approach.
She obediently took her father's hand, but her eyes remained fixed on Roxanne. 
###Chapter 253
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 253
Chapter 253 When everyone had finally arrived, Pippa asked them to gather around before letting them board the bus according to the list of names compiledthe previous night.
Roxanne, Archie, and Benny were right at the end of the list.
The others in the class did not have siblings, so Roxanne was the only one who had two kids with her.
Hence, the arrangement was for them to sit in the last row.
After calling Archie's and Benny's names, Pippa looked up to confirm their presence when she spotted the personstanding next to Roxanne.
"Mr.Farwell, what are you...Is Estella going as well?"
Lucian nodded indifferently.
"Estella wants to join too." Hearing that, Pippa looked a little uncertain.
"But..." Essie has never joined this activity in the past.
That's why I thought she wouldn't be participating this time and didn't book their seats on the bus or the hotel room.
Lucian frowned.
"Is there a problem?"
Pippa looked at him apologetically.
"Seeing that you have never participated before this, I thought you wouldn't come this time too.
So, you might have to squeeze in with the other parents.
Of course, this is my oversight, and I'll take care of it."
When collecting the list of namesthe other day, he didn't inform me that Estella would be joining.
Neither did he say that she wouldn't be coming.
Well, I should've considered that and set aside two extra seats and a room just in case.
Now that the seating was already planned, she could not think of a way to free up two seats.
Lucian glanced toward the woman next to him.
"Ms.Jarvis has two children with her.
I wonder if she'd be willing to let me and Essie have one of her seats."
Roxanne had been preparing to get onto the bus with Archie and Benny, but when she heard him mention her name, she subconsciously halted her footsteps.
Thanks to Lucian's suggestion, Pippa turned toward Roxanne immediately.
"Ms.Jarvis, Archie and Benny have always gotten along well with Essie.
Do you think..." In other words, she's also hoping that I'll give up one of my seats tohim.
But if that happens, well end up sitting together.
Roxanne turned and looked at Lucian, then suggested calmly, "Mr.Farwell, your driver should still be waiting outside, am I right? Why don't you get yourdriver to send you and Essie there? It'll also be more comfortable than taking the bus." "I have told the driver to go back first," he replied without batting an eye.
Roxanne pressed her thin lips together slightly at that, unable to come up with any other excuse to refuse.
Meanwhile, Pippa gazed at Roxanne with a pleading look in her eyes.
After a moment's silence, Roxanne finally relented.
"All right.I'll sit with Mr.Farwell."
With that, she turned and boarded the bus.
Lucian followed her while holding Estella's hand.
There were five seats in the last row.
A father-daughter pair were already sitting there, and initially, the three remaining seats were for Roxanne, Archie, and Benny.
Roxanne gazed at her two sons, unsure who she should have on her lap.
Considerately, Archie piped up, "Benny wriggles around constantly, so let him have a seat to himself."
Benny had no ions.
I know Mommy loves us both equally.
Besides, Archie is right.
It'll be uncomfortable for Mommy and me since I can't sit still.
Hence, Roxanne carried Archie and placed him on her lap, leaving an empty seat for Lucian and Estella.
As soon as Lucian got onto the bus, all eyes fell on him.
Before getting on the bus, the others had seen how Estella treated Roxanne differently.
And now, they watched as he sat next to Roxanne.
In an instant, they were somewhat perplexed but did not give it much thought, thinking that it was just because Archie and Benny were close with Estella. 
###Chapter 254
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 254
Chapter 254 Lucian had just sat down with Estella when he felt her twisting around in his arms. He frowned in puzzlement.
Meanwhile, Estella was staring fixedly at Roxanne.
Ms.Jarvis hasn't carried me in a long time.
I want her to carry me too.
Also, being held by Daddy isn't comfortable at all.
Roxanne had planned to ignore Lucian and Estella, but with the little girl staring so intently at her, she had no choice but to turn her head and glance over.
"Ms.Jarvis." Estella reached out her arms toward Roxanne, wanting the latter to carry her.
Observing that Roxanne was already struggling with Archie, Lucian tightened his hold and trapped Estella in his arms.
"Stop messing around, Essie." Feeling more and more uncomfortable, Estella began squirming around even more.
"I want Ms. Jarvis to carry me!" By then, a few people had noticed how Estella was making a fuss.
Not wanting to attract even more attention, Roxanne nodded at Lucian.
"Give her to me.
I'll carry her! Then, she extended an arm toward Estella.
The little girl leaned into her embrace almost immediately.
After taking Estella, Roxanne now had to carry two children on her lap.
Hence, her seat was getting a little cramped.
Furrowing his brows, Lucian said softly, "Let me take Archie."
Roxanne was taken aback upon hearing that.
Thinking of Archie's relationship with Lucian, she felt conflicted.
Moreover, she had noted how her son resented Lucian and didn't think Archie would agree, especially since Archie was usually cold and indifferent.
But to her surprise, the boy in her arms actually stretched his arms toward Lucian.
Roxanne's and Lucian's expressions shifted as soon as they saw Archie's response.
SA hint of surprise flashed across Lucian's eyes as he had not expected Archie to agree to his offer.
Then, he reached out and carried the boy over.
As for Roxanne, she lowered her gaze as an inexplicable sense of fear rose within her.
Archie only did that because he did not want Roxanne to tire herself out.
Although he had stretched his arms toward Lucian, his expression was tense.
And once Lucian carried him, he sat without moving and merely stared straight ahead.
It was Lucian's first time holding another child apart from Estella, so his movements were somewhat careful.
As Benny sat in the middle and watched Archie getting carried by Lucian, he could not help feeling a little envious.
After that, all of them fell silent.
Only Estella was in high spirits as she sat on Roxanne's lap and happily played with the latter's fingers.
None of them uttered a single word throughout the journey.
Finally, they arrived at their destination.
Archie leaped down from Lucian's arms as soon as the bus came to a stop and stood next to Bennyas they waited to get off the bus.
Roxanne also put Estella down, letting her return to Lucian.
As they got off the bus, Roxanne went back to holding Archie's and Benny's hands while Lucian held Estella's.
It was as though the scene on the bus had never happened.
Once outside, they were greeted by a stretch of verdant greenery.
The site the kindergarten had chosen for the tree planting was a botanical garden in the suburbs.
It was situated halfway up a mountain, surrounded by lush forests, and appeared to be brimming with energy and life.
The only thing was that it was in quite a remote area with only one hotel nearby.
Pippa had contacted the person in charge of the hotel on the way there, hoping to secure another room for Lucianand Estella at the last minute.
But when she found out the rooms were fully booked, she felt both anxious and regretful.
She went looking for Lucian immediately after getting off the bus.
"Mr.Farwell, the rooms at the hotel are fully occupied, so I'm afraid you'll have to share a room with one of the other parents."
Lucian frowned and glancedat Estella.
I don't mind sharing a room with others, but Essie may not be willing to do so. 
###Chapter 255
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 255
Chapter 255 Seeing that there was no other alternative at that point, Lucian nodded in agreement.
Hence, Pippa gathered the other parentsand asked who would be willing to share their room with Lucian.
Estella was holding Lucian's hand, and when she heard what Pippa said, she instantly glanced toward Roxanne.
I want to sleep with the beautiful Ms.Jarvis! With Lucian's identity and exceptional good looks, it did not take long for a group of parents to swarm forward andexpress their willingness to let him share their rooms.
There were even some ladies who rushed over with their children.
Due to her autism, Estella paled when she found herself surrounded by a group of strangers.
She broke free from his grasp and darted away when Lucian was not paying attention.
She ran straight into Roxanne, who happened to be standing at the periphery while waiting.
Lifting her gaze, Estella stared at her.
"What's the matter, Essie?" Roxanne could not help feeling worried when she saw the expression on thegirl's face.
Estella grabbed the hem of Roxanne's skirt and declared with a determined look in her eyes, "Stay with Ms.Jarvis!"
Hearing that, Roxanne froze.
if it were only Essie, naturally, I wouldn't refuse.
However, if I agree to let her stay with us, it'll mean that Lucian will be inthe same room too! Roxanne had no idea how she would bring herself to face such a situation.
Lucian was about to get Estella to come back after seeing her run off.
However, a sudden realization struck him when he saw that she had gone to Roxanne.
Estella doesn't know any parents here except for Roxanne.
If I don't want her to get scared, the only solution is to stay with Roxanne.
However, I don't know what Roxanne thinks about this.
With that thought in mind, Lucian smiled and nodded at the others, then strode over to Roxanne.
He asked in a low voice, "Ms.Jarvis, would it be convenient for you to take Essie and me in?" Stunned, Roxanne lookedup when she heard him say those words.
I thought he'd think the same way as me...
I didn't expect he would take the initiative to make such a request of me...
For a moment, Roxanne was at a loss for what to say.
Naturally, she had no desire to stay in the same room as Lucian.
However, she could not help but worry about Estella.
Estella still looked pale after getting startled earlier, and when she saw that Roxanne appeared reluctant to let Lucian andherself stay with them, her eyes reddened, and she lowered her head sadly. The parents who Lucian had turned down the offers of their rooms had trailed after him.
They already felt jealous when they saw Lucian ask to stay with Roxanne after rejecting them, but the sight of Roxanne's reluctance irked them even more.
"Essie likes you so much, Ms.Jarvis.
How could you have the heart to make a child feel so miserable?" one of themasked.
"Even if you're unwilling, you should make it clear.
We're ready to welcome Mr.Farwell and Essie with open arms!" someone else remarked.
Roxanne's expression darkened as more and more of them made comments about her.
Meanwhile, Lucian swept an icy gaze over the people who had spoken.
They shuddered and fell silent upon meeting his eyes.
Then, Lucian withdrew his gaze and looked at Roxanne.
"Essie's condition is a little unique.
She can't accept living with strangers.
It's rare for her to like someone as much as you, Ms.Jarvis, so I hope you'll agree to let us stay with you for her sake."
Essiehad been behaving so normally around Roxanne to the point that she had forgotten about the child's condition.
Now that Lucian had mentioned it, she felt a pang in her heart as she recalled the startled look on Estella's face earlier. Pippa also came over and gazed at Roxanne with a look of distress.
"I'm so sorry to trouble you, Ms.Jarvis.
If you're agreeable to it, I'll let you have the large room with the twin beds.
It'll be more convenient that way." Seeing how pitiful Estella looked, Roxanne sighed inwardly.
"Very well, then.
Thank you, Ms. 
###Chapter 256
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 256
Chapter 256 By the time they settled in their room, it was already nighttime. Pippa led the parents to therestaurant the botanical garden had arranged for them. Roxanne took Archie and Benny to get their food.
There were far more employees of the botanical garden at the restaurant than when they first gotoff the bus, and Estella did not like that.
She followed closely behind Roxanne, never taking her eyes off the latter.
Roxanne turned around when she sensed Estella's gaze, and a pained look appeared in her eyes upon noticing the girl's timid expression.
She immediately let Archie and Benny hold hands, thus allowing her to free one hand to take Estella's.
Seeing Roxanne reach her hand out toward her, Estella took it without hesitation, her eyes crinklingas she beamed.
All signs of timidness had vanished from her face without a trace.
Lucian was still worried about Estella, so he followed her.
Then, he saw Roxanne and Estella holding hands, and mixed feelings surged within him as he walked behind Roxanne.
When it came to Roxanne's turn to get their food, she found it hard to take four portions at once.
Just as she was considering taking one portion first, then coming back to queue again and get more, a large handreached over from behind her.
"I'll do it," Lucian said in a low voice.
She was stunned for a brief moment.
But when she gazed at the children and thought about how they must have been hungry, she did not refuse.
Handing him one of the plates, she continued taking her food.
In the end, she even took a plate of food for Lucian.
When it was time to eat, Estella did not want to leave Roxanne's side and wanted to sit beside her.
Roxanne led the three kids to a table and sat down.
Then, Lucian sat on the other seat next to Estella.
The little girl was all happy to have Lucian sitting on one side and the beautiful Roxanneon the other.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny could not help feeling resentful as they stared at the man next to Estella.
Those who didn't know better would think that we were a family if they saw us like this.
However, this lousy daddy wants to marry another woman.
He doesn't want to be with Mommy anymore! Infuriated by that thought, they had no wish to look at Lucianany longer.
They lowered their heads and focused on eating.
"Let's eat, Archie and Benny!" Estella smiled as she scooped up some food with her spoon and placed it on the two boys' plates. Archie and Benny were momentarily stunned.
Looking up, they saw Estella solemnly using her small spoon to scoop some food from her plate to Lucian's and Roxanne's.
She gazed at them innocently and said, "Let's eat, Daddy and Ms.
Jarvis." Seeing the small spoon stretched out toward her, Roxanne's heart melted into a puddle.
if my daughter had survived all those years ago, she'd probably be as adorable and sensible as her...
Meanwhile, Lucian's gaze darkened when he saw what Estella did.
After the news got out the last time, Mom came to the house and talked about Roxanne and me.
At that time, Essie asked me with an expectant expression whether! was marrying Roxanne.
She said she would like it if Roxanne became her mommy.
I don't know whether I'm just imagining things, but I get the feeling that Essie thinks of Roxanne as hermother whenever they're together.
If Essie knew that the Ms.
Jarvis she adores is indeed her biological mother...
Thinking of that, Lucian glanced at Estella and the woman attending to her as he atewith a complex expression.
Roxanne sensed his gaze and looked up, glancing into his eyes in confusion.
Lucian furrowed his brows slightly when their eyes locked.
In the end, he merely withdrew his gaze without saying anything. 
###Chapter 257
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 257
Chapter 257 Roxanne thought of leaving right after dinner, yet the three children froze in their tracks when they stepped out of the restau rant, utterly transfixed by the view outside. She followed their line of sight.
The restaurant was located in a botanical garden atop a mountain.
Naturally, there were fewer manmade structures and artificial lighting around.
Thus, the primary source of illumination came from the full moon.
Filtered through the shade of the trees, the moonlight appeared soft and hazy, lending an attractiveglow to the plants in the botanical garden.
Many adults strolled through the beautiful garden with their children.
Benny tugged on Roxanne's hand and pleaded, "Let's walk through the garden too, Mommy!" Roxanne rarely had the chance for a leisurely stroll.
The lovely scenery was simply irresistible, and she said to Lucian, "I'm taking the kids fora walk in the garden.
Why don't you bring Essie home first, Mr.Farwell?" After that, she tried to let go of Estella's hand and have the girl follow Lucian home.
Alas, the young girl refused to let go of Roxanne's hand.
Roxanne had no choice but to bring her along for the stroll.
They wandered to a deserted part of the garden.
Benny grew excited as he surveyed the tall trees around him and suggested, "Mommy, let's play hide-and-seek!"
Roxanne smiled and agreed.
"All right, but don't run too far away. It's not safe."
The children nodded obediently.
Roxanne planned to search for the boys with Estella, yet the young girl seemed eager to hide.
No one had ever played hide-and-seek with Estella before, and her gaze turned expectant as the boys suggested the game.
In the end, Roxanne reminded Archie and Benny to take care of Estella before she closed her eyes and allowed the children to hide.
"Are you ready? I'm going to look for you!" Roxanne shouted after giving them some seconds to hide.
The words had barely left her mouth when Estel la's childish voice drifted out from behind a tree.
"Ready!"
Roxanne could not help but laugh.
Although Estella's reply had given away the children's hiding spot, Roxanne pretended not to know their whereaboutsand put on a good show of looking for them.
Suddenly, a woman's voice rang out beside Roxanne.
"You must be Archie's mother, yes?" Roxanne lifted her gaze and saw a lavishly dressed woman before her.
The woman held a young girl's hand and shot Roxanne a sly smile.
Sensing her visitor was less than kind, Roxanne concealed the wariness that swelled in her chest before asking, "I am. You are?" The woman shot her a disdainful glare before replying, "My identity doesn't matter. I'm here to remind you of something, Ms.Jarvis.
I hope you don't take my advice lightly." Her words brought a frown to Roxanne's face.
The woman continued, "Essie has always been the apple of Mr.Farwell's eye.
Mr.Farwell only holds you in higher regard because her daughter is close to you and yoursons.
This is an honor for your family." Her tone turned icy as she got to the point.
"Ms.Jarvis, I hope you're mindful of your situation.
Don't assume you have a chance of developing a relationship with Mr.Farwell because of your children's friendship.
Mr.Farwell only interacts with you for the sake of his child.
Don't have any ideas about weaseling your way into the Farwell family."
Roxanne's head pounded inadvertently at the woman'swords.
tknew running into Lucian here was catnip for unsavory comments.
I just didn't think it would come so soon.
"You must be mistaken about the situation..." Roxanne tried to explain.
Alas, the woman cut her off disgustedly and retorted, "Mistaken? Everyone knows how much time you're spending with Mr.Farwell these days.
Know your place, Ms.Jarvis! Mr. Farwell's fiancée is Ms. Pearson, and their relationship is stronger than ever.
I hope you don't humiliate yourself in this hopeless scheme to win Mr. 
###Chapter 258
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 258
Chapter 258 The mention of Lucian and Aubree's impending wedding caused Roxanne to lower her gaze. She swallowedthe retort on the tip of her tongue and replied to the nasty woman, "Thank you for your advice.
I'll be more mindful in the future." The woman took Roxanne's meekness as a sign of her victory.
She made a mental note to tell Aubree about that night's incident and used it to butter up the future Mrs.
Farwell.
As that thought crossed her mind, the woman stared at Roxanne scornfully and spat, "Good.
You would never be a good match for Mr.
Farwell." Their conversation had lasted so long that Estella began wondering why Roxanne had not come searchingfor them.
She peeped out from behind a tree and noticed a fierce-looking woman standing in front of Roxanne.
Estella thought the woman was bullying Roxanne and hastily clambered toward them.
"Don't bully Ms.
Jarvis!" Estella yelled after latching onto Roxanne's legs.
She even shot the nasty woman a glare for good measure.
The young girl's sudden appearance stunned the woman, who quickly smiled and knelt down.
She tried to stroke Estella's head and cooed, "Isn't this Ms.
Estella? You're such an adorable girl." Estella shied away from strangers because of her autism.
When she saw the unfamiliar woman trying to touch her head, Estella pushed her hand away and stared cautiouslyat her.
The woman's expression froze at Estella's rejection.
The young girl's closeness to Roxanne vexed her as well.
Still, the woman stubbornly tried to approach Estella.
"Don't worry, Ms.
Estella.
I mean no harm.
I just think that you look adorable." As she spoke, she stretched her hand toward Estella once more.
Panic filled Estella's gaze, and she hid behind Roxanne, wrapping her arms around the latter's leg.
Roxanne scrunched her brows in concern and stopped the woman from coming closer to Estella.
She said, "Essie's scared of strangers.
If you really like her, it would be much better to keep a distance from her."
Estella's repeated rejection and Roxanne'sadvice enraged the woman, who stood up and argued, "I'm close to Ms.
Pearson, and she's going to become Essie's mother soon.
My relationship with Essie has nothing to do with you." Roxanne's expression shifted when she heard Aubree's nameagain.
This woman's telling the truth.
I don't deserve to interfere in Essie's relationships, but Essie seems truly frightened by this stranger.
She's shaking so much even as she hugs my leg.
With that in mind, Roxanne said, "Since your daughter and Essie are in the same class, you should know about Essie's condition.
She doesn't like it when strangers touch her.
Thank you for your earlier advice, but if there's nothing else, please take your leave.
Essie's still a bit shaken." After that, Roxanne tenderly pulled the frightened girl into her arms.
Upset and scared, Estella glared at the unfamiliar woman behind Roxanne with tears in her eyes.
Naturally, the woman ignored Roxanne's words.
With a hostile expression on her face, she was about to say something more when footsteps approached them.
Lucian's cold baritone soon followed.
"What happened to Essie?" When she saw her father, Estella ran toward him and hugged him tightly,wailing, "That lady doesn't like Ms.
Jarvis."
Lucian frowned slightly.
He had planned on following Roxanne and the children but was unfortunately held up by idle chitchat with some parents along theway.
He never expected to come across Estella crying when he finally arrived.
Lucian quickly deduced that "the lady" his daughter mentioned was the unfamiliar woman standing in front of Roxanne. 
###Chapter 259
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 259
Chapter 259 The woman who had accosted Roxanne earlier quickly tamped down her rage when she saw Lucian. She sputtered, "Mr. Farwell."
Lucian nodded coollyat her before approaching Roxanne.
Softly, he asked, "What happened?" Roxanne's gaze swept over the contrite woman.
She thought of their conversation earlier and decided not to cause more trouble by telling thetruth.
Instead, Roxanne shook her head and said, "Nothing.
She came to say hi, but Essie doesn't like strangers, so she was scared."
After hearing herwords, Lucian stared at the unfamiliar woman suspiciously and commented, "Essie isn't usually this timid." His imposing demeanor unsettled the woman, who lowered her head guiltily and replied, "I just thought Ms.
Estella looked adorable and wanted to stroke her hair.
I didn't think I would scare her.
Please accept my deepest apologies." Lucian stared at the young girl in his arms, who was pouting silently while staring straight atRoxanne.
Things obviously were not as simple as the woman had described.
It was also clear that Roxanne would not tell him the truth.
As he thought of how Roxanne was keeping her distance from him, Lucian's displeasure grew, and it showed in his darkening gaze.
He declared coldly, "I thought the parents of Essie's classmates should know about her condition.
Since you seem utterly clueless, I hope you stay away from my daughter for the nexttwo days.
Don't frighten her again." The woman bit her lip in resentment.
She wanted to use the next two days to grow closer to Lucian and Estella, building a good relationship with the Farwell family.
Lucian's hostile words had put a swift end to her plan.
Nonetheless, she dared not voice her ions before a frosty-looking Lucian.
Instead, she promised to heed his words before leaving with her child in tow.
Estella sniffled as the nasty woman departed.
She broke free from her father's arms and walked toward Roxanne, grabbing the latter's skirt.
Recalling how Estella had rushed forward to protect her earlier, Roxanne was moved, and she stroked the young girl's head fondly.
Then, she held Estella's hand and asked, "I still don't know where the boys are.
Let's look for them together, okay?" Estella's eyes lit up when she realized that they could still play hide-and-seek.
She nodded her head in excitement, which brought a smile to Roxanne's face.
Roxanne led Estella around the botanical garden to look for her sons.
Archie and Benny had been raised overseas, and thanks to Roxanne's busy lifestyle, the boys had grown up with a lot of freedom.
Thus, they were more daring compared to most children their age and had run off to a much further place to hide.
However, Roxanne was not worried because she knew they would take care of their safety.
Meanwhile, Lucian trailed Roxanne and Estella.
His gaze softened as he watched the two walking hand-in-hand.
"Archie! Benny!" Estella called out as she walked.
It reminded Roxanne of how Estella had replied to her question earlier, and she could not help but smile at the child's cuteness.
Suddenly, Estella tugged on Roxanne's hand and said, "Over here!"
Roxanne followed Estella through a complicated route and was surprised to see the boys hiding behind amanmade hill.
"How did you know Archie and Benny were hiding here, Essie?" asked a surprised Roxanne.
The boys always hid in the most creative places, and Roxanne had always struggled to find them during their hide-and seek sessions.
She never imagined Estella would find them so easily.
Estella tilted her head and replied, "I don't know.
It was a guess." Roxanne did not think much of Estella's response and promptly believed her. 
###Chapter 260
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 260
Chapter 260 By the time Lucian, Roxanne, and the children returned to their rooms, it was alreadynine at night. Archie and Benny were dripping in sweat from playing hide-and-seek earlier.
Roxanne quickly ushered the boys into the bathroom to shower them once they got back.
Their playful chatter drifted out of the bathroom from time to time.
From where she sat on the bed, Estella stared at the bathroom door enviously.
Ms.
Jarvis always gave me a bath when I stayed at her house.
After Daddy brought me home, only Ms.
Catalina gave me baths.
Ms.
Jarvis was so gentle when she gave me a bath, and her shampoo smells so good! Meanwhile, Lucianstared at his daughter's expectant expression with conflicting emotions.
Estella was far too dependent on Roxanne.
Or is it because the bond between a daughter and her mother is simply too powerful? Amid his musings, Roxanne led the boys out of thebathroom.
Archie and Benny's hair were still wet as they scuffled with each other.
Roxanne grabbed a hairdryer and prepared to blow-dry the boys' hair.
Suddenly, Lucian asked, "Ms.
Jarvis, if it's not too much trouble, could you help Essie with her bath?" Roxanne stiffenedin surprise.
Estella stared at her expectantly and pleaded, "Please, Ms.
Jarvis!" Lucian explained softly, "I'm a man, and it's not appropriate for me to give Essie a bath.
I hope you can do me this favor, Ms.
Jarvis." Alas, Roxanne's heart softened when she saw the expression on Estel las face, and she relented.
Her gaze soon landed on her two sons and their dripping wet hair.
"Give me a moment.
Let me dry their hair." As she spoke, Roxanne switched on the hairdryer, ready to drythe boys' hair.
A large hand reached out beside her and took the hairdryer from her.
Roxanne looked to the side.
She did not know when Lucian had walked over to her.
you don't mind, Ms.
Jarvis, I can help you with that instead.
Essie sweated a lot earlier, and I'm worried she'll catch a cold if she doesn't bathe soon." Lucianexplained while approaching Archie and Benny with the hairdryer.
The boys fell silent at the same time when they realized Lucian was drying their hairfor them.
Benny turned his attention to his fingers, resisting the urge to look back at his father.
Archie, on the other hand, sat stiff as a board, his eyes looking straight forward.
Roxanne had been worried that the boys would be wary of Lucian but their obedience relieved her.
Then, she did not say a word and led Estel la into the bathroom.
Estella was a ball of excitement during her bath now that she got her wish.
Her antics reminded Roxanne of the baths she had given Estel la during the young girl's stay in her home.
She sighed inwardly when she remembered why Lucian had eventually taken Estella away.
The unpleasant incident in the botanical garden was the final nail in the coffin.
No matter how much Estella appeared to rely on Roxanne, the young girl would eventually become Aubree's daughter.
Roxanne could not allow Lucian to spend more time with her because of Estella.
After Estella's bath, Roxanne came out of the bathroom to the sight of Archie and Benny fiddling with alaptop on the bed, their hair already dry.
Roxanne left them to their devices and began blow-drying Estella's hair.
Lucian scrutinized Roxanne's expression, noticing that she appeared more somber than before she entered the bathroom.
Evidently, she had no plans of talking to him.
That conclusion caused Lucian to frown.
However, he did not force her to explain herself but stood quietly by the window.
Instantly, the atmosphere in the room grew tense. 
###Chapter 261
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 261
Chapter 261 The sudden ring of Lucian's phone broke the silence of the room.
Roxanne instinctively glanced atthe phone screen when it lit up, only to quickly retract her gaze when she saw the caller ID.
The phone had been ringing for quite a while before Lucian turned around to pick it up.
Upon seeing the caller ID, he shot Roxanne a glance before answering the call by the window, "What is it?"
Aubree could be heard complainingon the other line.
"I heard Essie's kindergarten organized a tree-planting event.
Did you attend it with her?" "Yeah," Lucian replied coldly.
Aubree's expression was a little gloomy as she asked, "Essie dislikes crowded places, doesn't she? She has never attended events like these, so why would she attend this one?" Not wanting to waste his time arguing with her, Lucian said, "Essie wanted to attend it, so I brought her over." Naturally, Lucian wasn't about to explain why Estella wanted to attend it.
Aubree clenched her fists tightly and suppressed her rage as she pressed on, "Why didn't you invite me? Essie is a girl, so it'd be inconvenientfor you to look after her.
I could help out if I were there!" Lucian looked at Roxanne, who was playing with Estella, and snapped back at Aubree impatiently, "Why would I?The school asked parents to attend it with their children.
Who are you to attend it?" Aubree fell silent for a few seconds before replying awkwardly, "E- Everyone knows we're getting married, right? Besides, I've looked after Essie for so manyyears-" "Anyway, I'll be hanging up now," Lucian cut her off.
He then hung up the phone before Aubree could say anything.
Roxanne was able to hear Lucian's conversation with Aubree due to how silent the room was, and she felt conflicted when she heard whatAubree said.
Although Lucian didn't let Aubree finish, Roxanne knew what she was about to say.
Aubree was probably going to tell him that she'd become Essie's mother sooner or later.
Since everyone knows about them getting married, no one would say anything about her attending the event as Essie's parent.
Feeling flustered at the thought of that, Roxanne patted Estella on the head and said, "It's getting late, Essie.
You need to wake up early to plant trees tomorrow, so you should go to bed now." Estella nodded obediently and climbed into bed.
Roxanne then nodded at Lucian before tucking Archie and Benny in..
Meanwhile, at the Pearson residence, Aubree was so stunned by Lucian's response that she stared at the blank screen of
her phone for quite a while before comingto her senses.
Her face was filled with rage as she swept everything off the table in frustration.
I deliberately asked him why he'd attend the event with Essie.
He brushed my question off coldly just as I expected, but I know it's because of that bitch! That event was meant to help parents bond with their children, soshe'd definitely attend it with her two little basterds.
Lucian went all the way to Bellridge because of that bitch, so I wouldn't be surprised if he attended thisevent because of her.
There's no telling what could happen if I let them spend any more time with each other! No, Ican't just sit by and watch as that b*tch gets closer and closer to Lucian! Even if he rejects her in the end, I have to be there to witness it! The mere thought of what could happen between Lucian and Roxanne was driving Aubree crazy with rage. 
###Chapter 262
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 262
Chapter 262 The tree-planting activity started very early the next morning.
After waiting for the parents and children to finish breakfast, Pippa led themto the venue of the event.
The kindergarten had collaborated with a botanical garden to provide the kids with an empty spot to plant some trees.
There was quite a lot of staff standing by when they arrived.
As the kids were all born with silver spoons in their mouths, the staff made sure they were extra friendly with them.
Pippa then introduced the parents to the staff, split them into groups, and had them follow thestaff to collect their saplings.
Estella stared reluctantly at Roxanne when she heard they would be split into groups.
She refused to budge even when the teacher called her name.
Lucian frowned when he saw that and shifted his gaze toward Roxanne, who was standing nearby.
After hearing the conversation between Lucian and Aubree last night, Roxanne instinctively tried to keep her distance from them.
She then took Archie and Benny by the hand and walked away when she heard the teacher calling out to Estella.
"Ms.
Jarvis..." Estella lowered her gaze in disappointment as she stood rooted to the spot.
Lucian wasn't expecting Roxanne to just leave Estella like that, so he didn't know how to comfort her.
Noticing that Lucian and Estella were still standing there after everyone else had left, Pippa came over and asked worriedly, "What's the matter, Essie? Do you not like plantingtrees?" Estella lowered her gaze and shook her head in silence.
Unsure of what she was thinking, Pippa turned toward Lucian and asked, "What has gotten into her, Mr.
Farwell?" The look in Lucian's eyes turned gloomy when he saw Estella's disappointed expression and Roxanne returning with her sapling
Pippa didn't dare press on any furtherwhen she saw his expression.
"Essie rarely participates in such events.
Since this is her first time, it's normal for her to feel a little uncomfortable about it.
Maybe you should take her home so she can get some rest instead, Mr.
Farwell." Estella looked up at Pippa reluctantly and shook her head to indicate that she did not want to go back.
She wanted to spend more time with Roxanne, so going back meant she would have less time with her.
Pippa wasn't sure of what to do as Estella simply shook her head without saying anything.
Right as she was racking her brain to come up with a solution, Lucian said, "Ms.
Jarvis' two kids are the only mends that 'Essie has in this kindergarten, so it's only natural that she wantsto be with them.
She's probably throwing a tantrum because she wasn't placed in the same group as them." Estella noddedand said in an adorable voice, "I want Archie and Benny." Since she rarely spoke.
Pippa's heart melted when she heard that.
"I'm sorry.
I forgot to take this into consideration when I grouped everyone according to the total number of participants.
I'm sure you'll have more fun if you participate in this event with the kids you're close with, Essie.
In this case, you can join Archie and Benny's group." "Thanks," Lucian said with a nod before leading Estella over.
Estella's eyes lit up with joy when she heard she could be grouped with Roxanne.
She got so excited that she let go of Lucian's hand and ran up to Roxanne on her own.
"Essie must really like Archie and Benny.
I rarely see her smile so happily like this," Pippa exclaimed with a relieved smile when she saw how happy Estella looked.
Lucian simply nodded and made his way over without saying anything. 
###Chapter 263
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 263
Chapter 263 Roxanne had collected three saplings as she wanted to join her two kids in planting trees.
Archie and Benny were so excited about the event that they wokeup really early that morning.
Naturally, Roxanne didn't want to let them down after seeing their enthusiasm.
After receiving their saplings, the three of them followed the instructions of the staff and began digging at their designated spot.
Roxanne had deliberately put on a matching sports attire so she could join Archie and Benny in digging the holes.
With all three of them working together as a team, they were able to finish digging the first holefairly quickly.
They were about to proceed with digging the second hole when a childish voice rang intheir ears.
"Ms.
Jarvis!" Estella shouted excitedly while standing next to Roxanne.
Roxanne paused and glanced at her in shock.
"Essie? What are you doing here?" If I remember it correctly, Essie's spot should be on the opposite side...
"I'm on your team, Ms.
Jarvis!" Estella replied with an innocent look on her face.
Roxanne had confusion written all over her face.
Huh? She's on my team? What does that mean? Lucian interrupted her train of thought as he came over and said, "Essie couldn't stand being away from you guys.
I told Ms.
Ward about it earlier, and she allowed US to join your team.
Would that be okay with you, Ms.
Jarvis?"
Roxanne frowned upon hearing that.
Of course not! Everyone is looking in our direction just because he's standing next to me! I don't want any more trouble from people like that woman fromlast night! The look in Estel la's eyes slowly turned gloomy when she got no response from her.
"Ms.
Jarvis..." Roxanne's heart softened when she saw how sad Estella looked.
"All right, Essie.
You can join Archie and Benny if you'd like," she said while moving aside to makespace for Estella.
Since she had collected three saplings, she let the three kids have one each.
The kids were quite excited as it was their first time participating in such an activity, and having Roxanne accompany them only elevated their mood even further.
As Archie and Benny were physically stronger, they were able to get the job done rather easily.
Estella, on the other hand, struggled with it and got herself all muddy in just a matter of minutes.
Even so, she didn't seem bothered at all and continued digging with a smile on her face.
Roxanne chuckled in amusement when she saw how cute Estel la looked.
She then stepped forward to lend her a hand and placed the sapling into the holeshe dug.
After that, she helped them hold the saplings in place while they filled the holes up with soil.
Lucian borrowed a shovel from one of the staff and helped them fill up the holes.
As it was the kids' first time using a shovel, they struggled a lot with it.
Due to how much their hands were shaking, there was barely any soil left on the shovel by the time it reached the hole.
Roxanne wasn't too concerned as Lucian was around to help them out, but they were taking far too long to fill up the holes.
Upon glancing at Lucian out of curiosity, Roxanne nearly burst out laughing when she saw how awkward he looked when using the shovel.
Oh, right! I almost forgot! Someone of Lucian's status would never use a shovel like this! Also, he's probably the first person I've ever seen use a shovel while wearing a coat and leather shoes! Despite him being a grown man, he doesn't seem to be doing any better than the kids.
The only advantage he has over them is being able to have more soil in his shovel due to its size. 
###Chapter 264
Lucian frowned in frustration as he found the shovel extremely unwieldy.
While struggling with it, he felt Roxanne's gentle gaze on him and looked up in response.
As their eyes met, Roxanne quickly retracted her gaze and put on a neutral expression.
Lucian frowned when he saw her response, but whatever frustration he had earlier seemed to have vanished completely. He then turned toward a staff and said, "Excuse me, I'm having some difficulty using this. Could you please show me how to use it?"
The staff had been observing him from the side for quite some time. He had wanted to tell Lucian that he was doing it wrong but held himself back when he saw how intimidating Lucian looked.
Seeing as Lucian had asked him for assistance, he quickly stepped forward to perform a quick demonstration.
Even Lucian chuckled in amusement when he saw the staff's technique and realized how funny he looked earlier.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Having learned the proper way to use a shovel, they were able to speed up the process of filling up the holes significantly.
The five of them then worked together to finish planting the saplings. The three kids would chat with Roxanne
from time to time while Lucian watched
on quietly from the side.
"Are you guys a family?" the staff asked
curiously when he saw them having a great time together.
Both Roxanne and Lucian froze when they heard that.
"Why do you ask?" Lucian asked before Roxanne could say anything.
Not only did he not deny that staff's statement, but he'd also give the staff the wrong idea with that question of his!
Roxanne frowned in displeasure at the thought of that.
"Well, I just thought you all looked a lot like a family. On top of that, these three kids look just like you two," the staff replied without giving it much thought.
Whatever displeasure Roxanne felt had turned into uneasiness in an instant.
She really wanted to keep it a secret, but Archie and Benny did look a lot like Lucian. However, the resemblance wasn't that obvious as they were still very young, so Lucian didn't notice it at all.
As such, she was afraid that Lucian would pay more attention to Archie and Benny after hearing the staff's comment and finding out about their true identities.
Lucian arched an eyebrow and stared at the kids in response. While they did look a little similar to each other, he didn't think much about it.
Since all three of them were Roxanne's children, it was common for kids to take after their mother's appearance.
"You guys sure make a lovely family!" the staff exclaimed when he saw that Lucian didn't deny it.
Surely enough, Lucian wasn't about to deny that statement either.
Roxanne snapped out of her train of thought and told the staff coldly, "I'm afraid you've gotten the wrong idea. We're not a family. We just happened to be put on the same team because the kids are close friends."
The staff was shocked by her explanation. "Is that so? My apologies for making such an assumption. I just thought you guys were a family because you were all getting along so well..."
"That's all right. I just wanted to clear up the misunderstanding. That's all," Roxanne said with a forced smile.
The staff nodded profusely in response.
Lucian had a gloomy look in his eyes as he stared at Roxanne from the side. 
###Chapter 265
They had finished planting the second sapling at the time.
As Roxanne got up to hand him the third sapling, a commotion broke out not too far away.
"Ms. Pearson? What are you doing here?" Pippa exclaimed in shock when she saw Aubree at the entrance.
Aubree was wearing a fancy red dress and a pair of expensive sunglasses that complemented her wavy hair.
She walked up to Pippa before taking her sunglasses off and scanning the crowd. "Lucian said the kindergarten has organized a parent-child activity today. I'm worried about Essie, so I came rushing over as quickly as I could. Where are they?"
Pippa pointed in Roxanne's direction and replied, "Over there with Archie and
Benny. Essie likes them so much that she doesn't want to be separated from them, not even for this activity."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
The look in Aubree's eyes turned cold when she heard that. She then thanked Pippa and quickly made her way toward Roxanne.
All the other parents were wearing sports attire to help their kids plant the saplings, so Aubree's bright red dress drew a lot of attention as she walked past them.
Those who recognized her shifted their gaze toward Roxanne and prepared themselves for a good show.
Roxanne's expression grew stiff when she saw Aubree storming toward them.
She knew Aubree wouldn't give up so
easily, especially after hearing what she said on the phone last night. However, she didn't expect her to show up like that.
"There you are, Lucian!" Aubree greeted him coquettishly while standing next to them.
She then shifted her gaze toward Roxanne as she continued, "Hello there, Ms. Jarvis! Long time no see!"
The awkward tension between them was so intense that everyone watching could feel it.
Roxanne nodded. "Yeah, long time no see."
"What are you doing here?" Lucian asked with a slight hint of displeasure in his tone.
Using Sonya as an excuse, Aubree said in the most matter-of-fact tone possible, "Mrs. Farwell told me you brought Essie here to attend an event. She said she was worried that Essie would feel uncomfortable with so many people around, and it'd be inconvenient for a guy like you to look after Essie, so she sent me here to take a look."
Lucian's frown deepened when he heard her mention Sonya.
Had it not been for my mother insisting that I marry Aubree, I would've called off this marriage long ago!
Oblivious to his anger, Aubree bent over to look at Estella, who was playing with
Archie and Benny at the time. "Come here, Essie! Give me a hug!" she said with her arms outstretched.
To her surprise, Estella pouted and moved behind the two boys in response.
I don't like this evil woman at all! I still remember how she hit me! There's no way I'd let her hug me!
The look in Aubree's eyes turned gloomy when she saw Estella pulling away from her, but she maintained a friendly smile on her face as she said apologetically, "Are you still mad at me for what happened last time, Essie? I'm sorry for losing my patience. Will you please forgive me?"
Estella pursed her lips and shook her head without saying anything.
You little b*tch! I'd have taught your ungrateful as a lesson if we weren't in front of all these people right now!
Aubree thought to herself after getting rejected a second time. 
###Chapter 266
Not wanting to attract attention to herself, Roxanne interrupted coldly. "Since Ms. Pearson is back and Essie's tree has been planted, I think you should take Essie and go back with Ms. Pearson, Mr. Farwell." Hearing that, Aubree shot to her feet and glanced at Lucian with a grin.
Aubree's motive for coming was to prevent Lucian and Roxanne from spending time with each other. Now that Roxanne had suggested the idea herself, Aubree could not be happier.
Lucian's gaze turned grim when he heard Roxanne's words. He looked at her with a frown and said, "Ms. Jarvis, you helped me and Essie to plant the tree just now. I can't just leave like that. Besides, there's one more tree left. Let's plant it together."
Roxanne furrowed her brows. When she was about to turn down his suggestion,
Estella called out timidly, "Ms. Jarvis..."
Roxanne's heart softened. She turned around, only to notice the look of aversion on Estella's face.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Clearly, Estella was traumatized by what Aubree had done to her previously. She was still afraid of her.
I'd love to keep Essie with me if possible, but we're not even related. I can't do anything about it even if I want to protect her.
After pondering for a moment, Roxanne
lowered her eyes and agreed, "Since
you've said that, Mr. Farwell, I'm afraid.
I'll have to trouble you, then."
Lucian's expression relaxed. He picked up the shovel and continued filling up the holes.
Meanwhile, Estella's mood lifted when she realized Roxanne would not leave her. Smiling, she joined the boys to fill the holes.
All of a sudden, Aubree was neglected by everyone.
After a moment of silence, Aubree mustered her courage and made up her mind to take Lucian away from Roxanne She asked, "Lucian, you must be tired. Why don't you stop and get some rest?" However, Lucian did not stop. It was as if
he did not hear her voice at all.
Aubree gritted her teeth in anger. She
summoned her courage and reached out
to take the shovel in his hand.
Archie and Benny could not stand it anymore.
Stopping whatever he was doing, Archie looked at Aubree innocently. "Ms. Pearson, if you're that worried, shouldn't Essie be the one you're worried about? Mr. Farwell has only filled in a few holes. It should be a piece of cake for adults, shouldn't it? Look at Essie. She's all sweaty already."
"Didn't you apologize to Essie earlier? Do you not mean it?" Benny added.
The boys' words caused Aubree's face to turn ashen. She pinched her palm to suppress her anger.
Now that the boys had spoken, Aubree had no choice but to give up on Lucian and walk over to Estella. She asked patiently. “Essie, are you tired? I'll take you out to get something yummy to eat. Would you like that?"
Estella shrunk away, biting her lip without saying anything while lifting her gaze to look at Roxanne.
Roxanne felt bad for Estella, but she did not know what to say.
After all, Aubree was Lucian's fiancée, and it was made known to the public. Moreover, she was also Estella's future mother. Roxanne basically had no right
to interfere with their matters.
Seeing that she was not responding, Aubree smirked and pulled Estella into her embrace.
Estella struggled, but it only made Aubree hug her tighter. In the end, she could only bite her lip and allow Aubree to hug her.
When Lucian saw Estella being so quiet, he thought that she did not hate Aubree that much. Aubree did not dare to bully Estella in Lucian's presence. Thus, she, too, did not speak.
After planting the last tree, Roxanne suggested again for Lucian to leave with Estella and Aubree.
Lucian nodded silently. 
###Chapter 267
"Why are you here?" Lucian questioned expressionlessly after pulling Aubree to the edge of the planting site.
Upon hearing that, Aubree gazed at the little girl in her embrace with concern. "I was worried about Essie, so I came over to check on things. Don't worry. I won't make things difficult for all of you." As soon as she said that, Lucian's stern voice rang out again. "Well, you've seen everything now. Essie's adapting well. If there's nothing else, you may leave."
Aubree's expression stiffened. "Lucian, I traveled all the way here. Surely you won't let me go back just like that without a meal?"
With that, she hung her head guiltily and mumbled, "I know. You still blame me for hurting Essie last time, but I swear I didn't do it on purpose. I've been regarding Essie as my own for so many years. How would I bear to harm her? Besides, you've already punished me for that, and I know what I've done wrong. Please, just forgive me, will you?"
At the mention of the incident when she had harmed Estella, Lucian said frostily, The person you should be apologizing to isn't me."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Aubree glanced at Estella, who was suffering in her embrace.
Estella could not break free because she was not strong enough to do so.
Feeling that Aubree had loosened her grip, Estella quickly pulled out her arms from Aubree's embrace and reached out to Lucian
Lucian quickly grabbed Estella's arm and pulled her into his embrace.
"Essie has the right to be mad at me. It's my fault. From today onward, I'll prove to her that I don't have ill intentions toward her." Aubree pretended to blame herself, for she knew Estella would never forgive her. After that, she gave Lucian at tentative glance. "Would you give me the chance to prove myself?"
In other words, she was asking if their marriage could come true.
Of course, Lucian understood what she was implying. With a mysterious smile, he replaced his frosty expression with a calm look and said, "It's time for lunch. You should leave after having lunch here." A look of disappointment flashed in Aubree's eyes when she did not get the answer she wanted. Even so, she forced herself to cheer up and nodded with a smile.
Soon, it was lunchtime. Lucian took Estella to the cafeteria to get their food, Aubree following behind them.
It was her first time queueing up to get food. In no time, she was strangely shoved to the end of the line.
Aubree frantically attempted to return to Lucian's side, but a few parents got in her way, surrounding her.
They stared at Aubree in admiration. "Ms. Pearson, you're so amazing. You've got such a good relationship with Mr. Farwell, and you even treat Essie so well by coming all the way here to take care of her." Delighted to hear their praises, Aubree smiled. "I'm just carrying out my responsibilities."
With that, she lifted her gaze and looked at Lucian shyly and fearfully.
"I've always heard rumors about you being a pretty person. Now that I've seen you in person, I can finally confirm that the rumors are true. Both you and Mr. Farwell are a fantastic couple."
"Essie never lets anyone get close to her, but she didn't struggle when you hugged her. She must like you, Ms. Pearson."
When Roxanne took Archie and Benny to sit in the corner, she heard the parents' praises and could not help but feel conflicted.
Lifting her gaze, she saw Estella, whose hand was being held by Lucian. A feeling of concern filled Roxanne's heart again. Aubree treated Essie so harshly last time. Will she really treat Essie well? Besides, Essie's terrified of Aubree... 
###Chapter 268
"Hmph!" Benny harrumphed in displeasure. He, too, had heard the praises that were showered on Aubree
Roxanne finally returned to her senses and eyed him in puzzlement. "What's wrong?"
Poking the food on his plate, Benny replied gloomily, "I don't like that lady."
Roxanne was briefly stunned by his words. "Why's that?"
Benny's only met Aubree twice. Why would he have such prejudice against her?
The boy lifted his head and glanced at Roxanne, wanting to tell her it was because Aubree wanted to marry Lucian and that Aubree was the reason Lucian them. However, it occurred to him that Roxanne did not know about them
finding out their identities. Hence, he pouted and swallowed the words he wanted to say. "Because Ms. Pearson treats Essie badly. Essie doesn't like her."
Roxanne's heart ached for Estella, but she could only smile and console the boys. "Oh, that's unlikely. Why would she treat Essie badly? She's going to be Essie's mom in the future. Come on now. Stop thinking too much and eat your food."
Benny lowered his head reluctantly, complaining about Lucian in his heart.
Just exactly how is Ms. Pearson better than Mommy? Why does Daddy want to marry that woman?
After lunch, Pippa invited everyone to
take a walk around the area.
When Roxanne took the boys out of the cafeteria, she realized they were still feeling low. Hence, she decided to take them out for a stroll. She suggested, "Why don't you take me to the place you hid last night? I have no idea how you boys find that place."
The boys finally cheered up at the mention of the hide-and-seek game. Just as they were about to take Roxanne to the location, they heard Estella's sweet voice.
"Ms. Jarvis..."
The fact that Aubree had replaced. Roxanne's spot during mealtime put Estella in low spirits. She had barely eaten her food. Only when she saw Roxanne did she finally smile.
Roxanne stopped in her tracks and turned at her shoulder, only to find Lucian and Aubree standing side by side behind Estella. Seeing how great the two looked together, Roxanne immediately averted her gaze.
Archie and Benny, too, saw the couple. They put on a stern expression and tugged Roxanne's hand. "Mommy, let's go!"
They did not want to see the image of Lucian being with Aubree.
Roxanne nodded to the boys and lowered her gaze, explaining to Estella, "I'm taking Archie and Benny out for a walk.
Be a good girl and stay with your daddy. okay?"
She bent over and patted Estella's head
before leaving with the boys.
Estella stared fixedly at their backs. Seeing Roxanne had no intentions of turning around, Estella turned to Lucian and tugged his sleeve.
Frowning, Lucian called out to Roxanne, "Ms. Jarvis, if you don't mind, can we join you?"
Roxanne halted in her tracks and turned around to give Lucian a distant look. "I don't mind taking a walk with you and Ms. Pearson, your fiancée. I just don't want to be the third wheel. So please, don't put me in a tight spot."
Without giving Lucian the chance to speak, Roxanne took the boys' hands and marched away. Lucian's expression became grim as he watched Roxanne leave with Archie and Benny.
Fiancée? Third wheel? That woman really knows how to get on my nerves.
Estella never expected Roxanne to leave her behind. And with Aubree standing beside her, her lips quivered, and her eyes reddened. She looked as if she could burst into tears in the next second. 
###Chapter 269
"Ms. Jarvis..."
Ouickly. Roxanne vanished from their sight. Estella hung her head sadly, her voice shaking as she muttered, "I want Ms. Jarvis..."
Lucian was still feeling mad at Roxanne's words. When he heard Estella was still determined to look for Roxanne, he frowned. "Ms. Jarvis has her own children. You can't keep disturbing her." Estella lifted her head and glared at Lucian, who met her gaze with a frown.
Both of them had the same adamant look on their faces.
Alas, Estella could never defeat her father. After glaring at him for some time, she lowered her head angrily.
Fine. I won't go, then. We stay in the same room, anyway. Ms. Jarvis will definitely come back to pack her things.
At that thought, Estella recollected herself and said, "I want to return to my room."
Of course, Lucian was unaware of Estella's intentions. He merely thought she was getting uncomfortable in a crowded place without Roxanne around. Hence, he agreed.
Meanwhile, an idea came to Aubree. Before Lucian could even speak, she squatted and patted Estella's head. "Are you feeling unwell, Essie? Why do you suddenly want to return to your room?" Estella pursed her lips, not wanting to talk to Aubree.
However, Aubree took her silence as a yes. Getting to her feet, she said to Lucian, "Since Essie's feeling unwell, I shouldn't just leave like that. Why don't I go back with both of you? That way, I can take care o her."
Lucian cast her a glance. When he recalled how Roxanne had always behaved in a distant manner whenever Aubree was mentioned, a cold look flashed through his eyes. "It's okay. I can take care of Essie on my own. It's getting late. You should get home soon."
Aubree knew he would reject her suggestion. Hence, she had already come up with another approach. Putting on a smile, she said, "Essie is unwell. Mrs. Farwell will be worried if she finds out about this. If she knows I've returned without staying back to take care of Essie, she'll definitely be mad at me. Besides, I feel bad for treating Essie badly back then. I never got the chance to meet her and apologize properly. Please, let me stay today to make it up to Essie."
Lucian furrowed his eyebrows and remained silent.
"I'll feel bad if I can't make it up to Essie." Aubree pretended to lower her head guiltily. Even her tone was filled with guilt.
Estella only wanted to go back to the hotel to wait for Roxanne. Seeing that Lucian was not moving, she urged, "Daddy, let's go back!"
Lucian thought Estella was feeling extremely unwell. Hence, he ignored Aubree, bent over, picked Essie up, and walked toward the entrance of the botanical garden.
Aubree was not bothered by the fact that he did not answer her. When she saw him walking out with Estella in his arms,
she quickly followed after them.
After informing Pippa, Lucian took Estella back to the hotel.
He could not be bothered about Aubree, who kept following them.
Upon arriving at the hotel, Lucian placed Estella on the bed. He figured he should give James a call to ask for opinions in dealing with Estella's situation.
To his surprise, as soon as he took out his phone, Estella hopped off the bed and skipped to Roxanne's.
Lucian was stunned by what he saw, and he slowly understood Estella's intentions.
Here I was thinking Estella's sick. Who would've known that this kiddo only wanted to come back to wait for Roxanne and the boys?
Estella felt much calmer as she sat on Roxanne's bed. Her eyes gleamed, and she looked excited to see Roxanne and the boys return.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 270
Suddenly, the doorbell rang.
Estella thought it was Roxanne and the boys who had returned. Her eyes lit up, and she leaped off the bed, dashing over to open the door.
The second she saw the person at the door, the sparkle in her eyes faded.
"Essie." The smile on Aubree's face looked forced.
Aubree was, after all, a woman. On top of that, she had to walk along the mountain path to reach the hotel. Most importantly, Lucian seemed to have no intentions of waiting for her. He had merely carried Estella in his arms and strode off.
After walking for some time, she was left behind, and she had lost sight of them. Thankfully, there was only one hotel nearby, and that was how she had found them. After asking the receptionist for their room number, she headed straight for the room.
Seeing who the visitor was, Lucian, too, was unhappy.
However, Aubree pretended as if she did not see the change in their expressions. With a smile on her face, she entered the room and glanced at Estella, saying, "Aren't you feeling unwell? Why aren't you resting in bed?"
When she finished her words, she gave Lucian a reproachful look. "Didn't I tell you already? I'll take care of Essie."
Lucian knitted his brows. "Essie's just a little tired. If you have no other matters, you should go home as soon as possible."
Aubree's expression froze, and she racked her brains in search of an excuse to stay back.
As she was thinking about it, she suddenly spotted the pink luggage at the bedside.
It did not look like it belonged to Lucian no matter how hard she stared at it.
"This is..." Aubree asked in puzzlement, eyeing the luggage suspiciously.
Lucian followed her line of sight and said plainly, "That belongs to a parent of Essie's classmate. There weren't enough rooms, so I had to squeeze into someone else's."
Upon hearing that, Aubree shot him a look of surprise. "You're sharing a room with a woman?”
Lucian's gaze darkened.
If it were another woman, he, naturally, would not agree to it.
However, that woman was Roxanne.
They were once husband and wife and had intimate moments back then. Thus, there was nothing to be shy about.
Moreover, they were very cautious by making sure they put on pajamas when they slept. In fact, they rarely spoke to each other.
When Aubree noticed the luggage, she immediately realized that the woman was most likely Roxanne and disgust rose in her heart.
I knew it! I can't let Lucian stay with Roxanne! They were already a wall apart when they were in Bellridge. And this time, they're staying together in a room! And Lucian doesn't seem to mind it at all! Aubree's blood boiled, but she pinched her palm to suppress her anger. Putting on a gentle smile, she suggested, "Well, if the hotel did not have enough rooms yesterday, maybe they have some today. Let me ask them. Even if you don't mind sharing a room with a woman, you still have to think from her perspective. It might be inconvenient for her."
With that, she turned around, wanting to head downstairs to request a change of room for Lucian.
Lucian merely frowned without saying a word.
Estella, however, pulled the hem of Aubree's skirt. Resistance was written all over her face. "I don't want that!"
Aubree calmed herself down and looked at Estella with a frown. "Be a good girl, Essie. If this gets out, it'll bring trouble to both your daddy and that lady."
Estella shook her head stubbornly.
Ms. Jarvis left because Ms. Pearson made her angry. This room is the only place I get to see Ms. Jarvis. If we change to another room, I don't know when I'll get to see Ms. Jarvis again. Estella's behavior only made Aubree more certain that Roxanne was the woman Lucian was sharing a room with.
Aubree was on the verge of losing her temper when she realized that fact. Taking a deep breath, she bent down and said patiently, "Let's get another room. I'll play with you, okay?"
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 271
Naturally, Estella refused.
Aubree stood up and glanced at Lucian. "Lucian, I'll go downstairs and ask the receptionist. Let's get another room if it's possible."
Estella turned around and shot Lucian an expectant look, hoping he would reject Aubree's suggestion.
There was a dark and unfathomable look in Lucian's eyes.
Even if I refuse Aubree's suggestion to switch rooms, Roxanne will surely make the same decision once she comes back. After all, she didnt seem too receptive to Ms. Ward's suggestion of sharing rooms yesterday. Now that Aubree's here today, Roxanne will only want to avoid me more.
Considering the possible reactions Roxanne would make, Lucian seemed to have silently accepted Aubree's suggestion.
Not getting a single response from Lucian and seeing Aubree actually walking out to request a change of room made Estella stomp her feet in anger. She then followed Aubree into the elevator. Aubree was stunned. "Essie, why are you here? You can just wait with your daddy in the room."
Estella merely lowered her head without responding to Aubree's words.
Seeing that, Aubree frowned with displeasure and retracted her gaze, pretending as if Estella was not there.
Since they were the only ones in the elevator, Aubree could not be bothered to waste her energy talking to Estella. The latter kept silent, and Aubree, too, did not bother pretending.
Once the elevator stopped on the first floor, the doors opened slowly. At the same time, Aubree's expression changed. She put on a subtle smile, pretending to be kind. Just as she wanted to hold Estella's hand, the latter had already darted out of the elevator, running out of the hotel.
Aubree was too panicked to move. She even forgot to run after her. Even her purpose of going downstairs was lost in her sea of thoughts.
Estella, on the other hand, headed in the direction of the botanical garden.
I don't like this evil Ms. Pearson! I don't like Daddy, too! I'm going to look for Ms. Jarvis!
Just as Aubree was standing frozen in the hotel, she heard a sound behind her.
"Where's Essie?" Lucian scanned the entire lobby, but Estella was nowhere to be seen. His face darkened instantly.
Aubree shuddered guiltily at the sound of Lucian's voice. "S-She ran out..."
"Why didn't you stop her?" Lucian shouted angrily.
He knew Estella was a stubborn person, but he never expected her to be that stubborn.
When the elevator door was about to close earlier, Estella had suddenly run out of the room.
Regardless of how fast Lucian had reacted, the elevator door had still shut before he could arrive.
Hence, Lucian could only wait for the next round.
He figured with Aubree in there, she would not let Estella run away on her own.
But to his dismay, Aubree actually lost Estella.
Lucian had no time to find out if Aubree lost Estella or did not even bother watching over the latter in the first place.
"I didn't expect her to run out like that. I asked why she came with me, but she didn't answer..." Aubree was filled with panic.
"You'd better pray nothing happens to Essie, or else"-Lucian glared at her expressionlessly. A murderous aura exuded from his body, which made Aubree feel suffocated "you won't be able to make it up for today's matters even if you die."
With that, he rushed out of the hotel.
Aubree stood rooted to the ground for about a minute. When she finally returned to her senses, she attempted to run after him, but her legs were too weak to move.
Although she did not like Estella, she knew where to draw the line.
Estella was the Farwell family's prized child. It was still fine when Aubree had secretly bullied the former, but if she really caused something to happen to Estella, she could just forget about getting married into the Farwell family.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 272
Lucian did not hesitate as he made his way to the botanical garden right away.
Estella wanted to hang out with Roxanne, so the only place she would go was to the latter. Besides the botanical garden. there was nowhere else she could go.
Lucian ran all the way to the botanical garden, but Estella was nowhere to be seen.
His heart sank. He fished his phone out of his pocket and called Roxanne.
Roxanne was strolling around the botanical garden with the kids when her phone rang. She couldn't help frowning when she saw the caller ID on her screen.
Lucian? Shouldn't he be with Aubree? Why is he calling me?
The phone rang for quite some time before Roxanne finally picked it up.
"Have you seen Essie?" Lucian asked in his deep voice the moment the call connected.
He sounds nervous.
Roxanne didn't know why, but she had a bad feeling. "No, I haven't seen her. What happened?"
Lucian scanned his surroundings. He didn't dare to blink because he was worried that he would miss his daughter. "Essie is missing."
Roxanne's heart trembled when she heard that. Panic was written all over her face. "Isn't she with you? How did she get lost?"
Thinking about the events that led to Estella going missing made Lucian frown. "It's a long story. Let's look for her for now. She should be somewhere around the botanical garden." Roxanne dared not dawdle. She immediately agreed to his plan. "Okay, I'll search around the place with the kids."
After hanging up, she turned to Archie and Benny, wanting to bring them along to search for Estella.
"Mommy, what's wrong?" asked the kids in confusion when they saw the panicked look on Roxanne's face.
Roxanne, who was worried, took a deep breath to force herself to sound calm as she said, "Essie is missing. We have to look around for her."
Archie and Benny were shocked to hear that. Their faces were filled with worry as well.
Archie, however, was calmer. He let go of his mother's hand and suggested, "Mommy, let's split up. We'll have a better chance of finding her that way."
Benny nodded in agreement.
Roxanne wasn't worried about Archie and Benny getting lost, so she simply advised, "Okay, look for ner inside the botanical garden. If you can't find her, then go to the entrance and wait for me there." Archie and Benny nodded obediently. Then all three of them walked away in different directions.
Roxanne made her way to the entrance of the botanical garden immediately.
After all, no one had seen Estella walking into the botanical garden. She reckoned that Estella might have gotten lost nearby.
When Roxanne reached the entrance, she saw Lucian, who had the same idea.
He was frowning deeply and his lips were set in a hard line.
"How is it? Have you found her?" Roxanne asked anxiously.
It was obvious that Lucian was focused on looking for Estella because he didn't even notice Roxanne until he heard her voice.
He looked over slowly and into her eyes, his frown relaxing a little. But he still did not look good as he answered her question by shaking his head.
Roxanne's face was scrunched up. Seeing Lucian shake his head only made her feel worse.
Essie was still smiling and planting trees with us this morning. Yet now she's missing...
Roxanne was filled with guilt.
When she left the cafeteria earlier, she could tell that Estella had definitely wanted to tag along. However, she had turned her down ruthlessly because Lucian and Aubree were there. If I had agreed to take her along, things would have turned out differently...
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 273
"How did she go missing?"
Roxanne couldn't help asking about it when the two of them left the botanical garden.
She would keep blaming herself for it if she never learned the truth.
Lucian gave her a deep and sullen look. Although Estella did not say it out loud, he knew she had left to look for Roxanne.
Roxanne's anxiety rose when she looked into his eyes. "Wasn't she with the two of you? How did two adults..."
How did two adults manage to lose a single child, especially when that child is as obedient as Essie?
Roxanne didn't finish that sentence.
Lucian was already panicking because Estella was missing. She knew that if she were to say those words out loud, she would sound as if she was putting the blame on him. Lucian frowned. He looked deeply into her eyes and said tersely, "There was a disagreement with Aubree."
"What happened?" Roxanne couldn't understand. What could possibly have happened to get Estella so angry that she ran away?
Lucian retracted his gaze and remained silent.
Guilt is already written all over her face even though I didn't tell her what exactly happened. If she ever learns that Essie has left to find her, she will put all the blame on herself. Roxanne could tell that Lucian had no intention of telling her the truth, and that made her frown. Her lips parted, but she never got the words out of her lips.
After all, it was their family's matter, and she had no right to butt in.
The only thing she could do at that moment was to search for Estella.
"I'll look over there. You should try searching the route toward the hotel."
The two of them parted ways after they left the botanical garden. Lucian left her some instructions before making his way toward the mountain.
As the matter was urgent, Roxanne dared not waste time. She ran toward the hotel right away.
Inside the botanical garden, Archie and Benny parted ways. While searching, they shouted Estella's name.
Archie and Benny were physically small, so they practically crawled through every hole and searched every inch of the botanical garden.
Still, Estella was nowhere to be seen, and neither showed up with her when they met up.
"Essie, come on out. Let's not play hide-and-seek anymore," Benny choked out. He was so worried as they had yet to
find her.
Archie was upset as well, but he held his brother's hand and said, "Don't cry. Mommy is already worried sick, and we can't afford to worry her even more."
Benny sniffled upon hearing that and forced himself to hold back his tears. "Let's leave the botanical garden and look for her out there, too."
Archie shook his head. “Let's not make things more difficult for Mommy. We'll just wait patiently at the entrance."
Benny nodded obediently.
The two of them were making their way to the entrance when they ran into Pippa.
"Archie, Benny, why are the two of you here on your own? Where's your mommy?" asked Pippa. She couldn't help worrying when she saw the kids being there on their own. Archie politely explained the situation to their teacher. "Essie is missing, so Mommy went to look for her."
Pippa's face darkened. "When did that happen?"
Archie replied, "We don't know. But we've searched the entire botanical garden, and she's nowhere to be found."
That means it has been a while...
Pippa immediately instructed, "Okay, I understand. You two find a spot and wait there. I'll go get the others to help look for Essie."
Archie and Benny nodded in response.
After settling the two boys, Pippa sent a message to the parents' group chat and asked for help. She also got the other staff at the kindergarten to look for Estella. Fortunately, almost everyone knew who Estella was, so it wouldn't be difficult for them to help.
###Chapter 274
Roxanne went all the way back to the hotel. When she reached the lobby, she saw Aubree sitting on the couch with her
back to the door.
In the past, Roxanne would have politely kept her distance from Aubree.
That day, however, Roxanne didn't hesitate to make her way to Aubree because the matter involved Estella. "Has Essie returned?"
Aubree was still in a daze because of what had happened earlier. She didn't realize that Roxanne was right in front of her until she heard the latter's voice.
Their eyes met, and at that moment, Aubree's anxiety was replaced by anger.
It's her! Roxanne Jarvis. She's the reason Essie is missing!
Roxanne slightly knitted her brows when she noticed the hostility in Aubree's gaze. She was confused and was about to ask about it when Aubree suddenly sprang up from the couch.
Aubree pointed at Roxanne's nose, yelling, "I can't believe you have the audacity to ask that! Essie wouldn't have run away if it weren't for you. This is all your fault, you b*tch!"
Roxanne turned slightly pale. "What are you talking about?"
How is this my fault? What exactly happened before Essie left?
"What the hell did you drug Essie with to make her so attached to you? All I did was get her a different room. How is any of this my fault?" Aubree roared, her face contorted. There was no telling if she was blaming Roxanne or convincing herself.
Roxanne could barely breathe as the guilt buried deep in her heart began to weigh her down.
So... it's really because of me that Essie left? None of this would have happened if I had agreed to take her along... This is all my fault.
"How will you make up for it if something happens to Essie, you b*tch?" The more Aubree spoke, the more she thought she was in the right and was standing on the moral high ground. "I've warned you and told you to stay away from Essie and Lucian, but you wouldn't listen. You know what Essie is like, but you still let her get attached to you. Are you trying to use her to get back together with Lucian? Well, listen carefully-that will never happen!"
Roxanne couldn't even hear a word Aubree was saying. All she could think about was Estella.
She would never forgive herself if anything were to happen to her.
"So she hasn't returned?" asked Roxanne softly.
Aubree grimaced and was quiet for a few seconds before answering impatiently. "No. I told you she left to go look for you."
Roxanne nodded absently and ignored Aubree, then left the hotel immediately after.
Since Essie's missing because she's gone to look for me, I must find her as soon as possible. She's all alone now, and she must be scared.
Aubree remained inside the lobby, glaring at Roxanne as she left.
It's that b*tch's fault that I am in such a terrible state. Ugh, and that little b*stard is so annoying. Why did she have to run away on her own? Why did she have to go to that b*tch?
Aubree desperately wanted to put the blame on Roxanne, but that still couldn't calm her down.
She thought about it for a while before fishing her phone out and calling the police. After that, she called Sonya.
It's better that I tell her about it instead of having Lucian be the one to do so.
Sonya picked up the phone after it rang twice.
"Aubree, what's up?" Her voice was filled with glee. "You went to visit Essie, didn't you? How is she?"
"Mrs. Farwell, E-Essie is missing," Aubree choked out. 
###Chapter 275
Sonva was on the couch watching TV when she heard that news. "What did you say?" She sprang to her feet.
Aubree pinched herself to make herself sound worried and guilty. "This is all my fault. I should've taken good care of Essie and kept an eye on her."
*How long was she gone? Have you called the police? Where are you now? I'll send someone over right away," Sonya said, wishing she was there with them.
My sweet granddaughter... How did she suddenly go missing?
Aubree replied, "We're looking for her now. We've already called the police, so you don't need to worry."
Sonya was so anxious that her tone was a little unpleasant as she said, "How am I supposed to not worry? It's getting dark, and Essie is just a kid. She must be terrified now. No, I must tell Elias and get him to send someone there to help."
Aubree agreed to let them help.
At that moment, every additional pair of eyes would help.
Aubree left to help look for Estella after she hung up the phone.
Sonya, on the other hand, called Lucian to get a better idea of what was going on.
Lucian was walking uphill to search for Estella when he suddenly received a call from his mother.
"Have you found Essie?" asked Sonya as soon as Lucian picked up.
Lucian frowned when he heard that "Who told you about this?"
"How long do you plan to keep me in the dark about something so important? Where are you right now? I'll send someone over."
Lucian felt a headache coming. "You don't have to. I already had Cayden send some people over."
Sonya didn't insist further when she heard that, but she wanted to go in person to help look for Estella. Lucian stopped her, saying, "We're in a rural area. Even if you come over, you'll be waiting in the hotel. Don't trouble yourself. I will call you once I've found her."
Sonya had no choice but to give up. "You must find Essie as soon as possible, and call me the second you find her."
"Okay," came Lucian's answer before he hung up the phone..
SV
As the sky turned darker, Roxanne grew more and more anxious. However, she had no choice but to return when she thought about Archie and Benny who were waiting at the entrance of the botanical garden. From afar, she saw Archie and Benny holding hands and waiting for her by the entrance.
"Mommy!" shouted the kids when they saw Roxanne. They ran to her and asked, "Have you found Essie?"
Roxanne didn't want them to worry, so she forced a smile. "Not yet. I will take you back, then go back out there to look
for her."
After saying that, she stroked Archie's and Benny's heads and took them back to the hotel.
Archie looked at the orange sky above when they were on their way back. He was truly worried about Estella. "It's getting dark. Essie must be scared."
Benny was just as worried, but he didn't want to worry his mother further, so he clamped his mouth shut.
With a heavy heart, Roxanne said, "I will find her as soon as possible."
After sending Archie and Benny back to the hotel, she grabbed a torchlight from her luggage and turned around to leave.
Archie pulled her shirt and suggested, "Mommy, you should have some dinner before you leave. Otherwise, you'll run out of energy."
Roxanne could no longer maintain the smile on her face. Looking pale, she shook her head. "I don't have an appetite. I have to find Essie soon because she only got lost trying to look for me..."
Archie and Benny tilted their heads in confusion. "Mommy, what are you talking about? We've been with you the entire time, so how is it your fault that Essie is missing?"
Only then did Roxanne realize that she had let that information slip out of her tongue. She quickly acted as though it was no big deal and said, "It's nothing. Be good and stay here. I have to go now." After saying that, she patted the kids' heads and turned around to get into the elevator. 
###Chapter 276
Pippa sent a message to the parents' group chat to get an update.
Yet every response she received was of no good news.
Everyone knew how precious Estella was to Lucian, so they had gone all out to look for her. Unfortunately, the botanical garden was located near the forest, and no one was dumb enough to go there. Lucian read everybody's reply, and he looked even more upset knowing that no one found Estella.
He did not get in touch with Roxanne after the two of them parted ways at the botanical garden, so he did not know how she was doing
It was getting late, and he didn't feel right to have her, a physically weak woman, continue searching.
Thus, he gave her a call.
However, the automated responses told him that she was not in the service area after he made several calls.
Lucian's gaze became even darker.
Cayden arrived with his team at that moment. "Mr. Farwell, we've sent our men to spread out in the forest and commenced the search."
Lucian nodded and sternly informed, "Search overnight if that is what it takes to find Essie. We must hurry up."
"Understood."
Lucian looked at his phone screen which had turned dark. He frowned and said, "I need to drop by the botanical garden. Keep me in the loop about the search."
After saying that, he made his way toward the botanical garden.
It's late. If that woman still hasn't returned, then there may not be anyone around to take care of the boys. There's no saying how much guilt she will drown in if the boys go missing before Essie is even found. When he reached the botanical garden, he realized that Archie and Benny weren't there.
Lucian's heart sank. He turned around and went back to the hotel, praying that they were waiting there.
When he saw them waiting in the room, he sighed a deep breath of relief.
"Mr. Farwell, have you found Essie?" asked Benny worriedly.
Lucian shook his head. "I'm still searching. Where is your mommy? Did she send you back?"
Benny's face was filled with worry. "Mommy left to go look for Essie after she sent us back. She didn't even have dinner and said that Essie went missing while looking for us."
Benny paused for a moment at that point. He stared at Lucian in puzzlement and asked, "Did Essie really go missing because of us?"
If that were the case, Benny would feel extremely guilty.
Essie wanted to tag along earlier today, so why did I urge Mommy to hurry up? This is all my fault...
Lucian's eyes turned cold. "It's not true. This has nothing to do with any of you. Be good and wait here in the room. Don't open the door for anyone but Essie."
Archie and Benny nodded and watched as Lucian turned around to leave.
They didn't know why, but they thought he seemed angrier when he left.
As Lucian walked out of the room, he kept replaying the words Benny had said in his mind.
Roxanne said that Essie went missing on her way to her. Only Aubree would say something like this! That woman... She made Essie angry and didn't keep an eye on her. That is why Essie is missing. How dare she put all the blame on Roxanne?
Judging from the look on Archie's and Benny's faces, Lucian could imagine how guilty Roxanne must have felt when she learned that Estella had gone missing because of her. That was the only reason she would forgo dinner and go to search for Estella instead.
The mere thought of it made Lucian feel even more unhappy.
My calls couldn't get through when I tried calling her earlier. That means she has likely gone into the forest to look for Essie.
Lucian had tolerated Aubree long enough.
If anything happens to Roxanne or Essie, I will not forgive that woman! 
###Chapter 277
The second Lucian left the hotel, he rushed toward the forest. He called Cayden while he was on his way.
"Have the men pay extra attention. Roxanne has gone into the forest."
On the other end of the line, Cayden murmured an affirmative reply. He was impressed with how much Roxanne cared about Estella. It's so late at night, yet she still went into the forest to look for Ms. Estella. After hanging up the phone, Lucian heard a voice filled with fear.
"Lucian, any news on Essie?"
Aubree had searched nearby but to no avail. As she was too scared to go into the forest, she returned to the hotel instead. To her surprise, she saw Lucian at the entrance and was overwhelmed with guilt. Lucian put his phone away and glared at Aubree when he heard her voice.
All he saw was her in a red dress that was still clean. There was not even a drop of sweat on her face. Her breathing was a little uneven, but it was possible that was just because she was scared of him. Aubree's heart clenched when she looked into Lucian's eyes, which were burning with rage. "I've searched all afternoon but couldn't find her anywhere. How did the search go on your side?" "Essie went missing because she left to look for Roxanne. That is what you told Roxanne, isn't it?" Lucian replied with a question of his own.
Aubree's face stiffened and panic was written all over it.
H-How did Lucian know about this?
Lucian got his answer when he saw the look on her face. "You better pray that nothing happens to them. Otherwise, I won't show you any mercy despite the years we've known each other." With that, Lucian walked past her and left
Aubree could tell that he was truly furious. She reached out and grabbed his sleeve in a fluster. "Lucian, I didn't mean it. She dropped by the hotel this afternoon, and I simply shared what I guessed. I never meant to put the blame on her."
Lucian turned around. The aura he exuded was chilly and scary. "You're still putting the blame on others? She was never at fault! It's bad enough that you went behind my back and got my mom worried by telling her about this. Now, you've made things worse by coming up with a lie to trigger Roxanne. What do you wish to accomplish from any of this?"
Lucian's intimidating aura sucked the air right out of Aubree's lungs. She had to force herself to stand as she defended herself. "I don't mean anything. It's my fault for not keeping an eye on Essie, and-" "It is your fault!" Lucian shook her hand off. "Leave if have no intention of searching for Essie. Stop wasting my time."
After he said that, he turned around and left without even glancing at her.
Cayden led his men and searched every inch of that forest.
Despite searching until ten at night, they still couldn't find Estella or Roxanne.
When Lucian rendezvoused with them and got an update, his foul mood worsened.
Cayden stood beside Lucian and could feel the surrounding air becoming more and more chilly. He could sympathize with Lucian.
It was late at night, and they were in the wilderness. Roxanne was a woman and Estella was a kid. Anyone would be worried.
"Mr. Farwell, perhaps you should return and get some rest. It's been a long day," suggested Cayden cautiously.
He had been working for Lucian for years, but he had never seen the man in that disheveled state before.
Lucian was still covered in mud because he hadn't changed out of his clothes after the activities in the morning. Having searched all night in the forest, he looked pale, and his hair was messy. Yet the aura he gave off was still as overpowering as ever.
He furrowed his brows and said, "Let's split up and search the place."
With that, he turned around and went deeper into the woods. 
###Chapter 278
The forest was dark. Roxanne could only rely on her torchlight because the faint moonlight was insufficient to illuminate the path ahead of her.
She walked carefully inside the forest, not knowing where she was.
Roxanne only knew Estella was nowhere in sight thus far in her venture into the woods.
After sending Archie and Benny back to the hotel, she checked the messages in the WhatsApp group and noticed none of the other parents had seen Estella.
No one has yet to search the forest. This is the only place left. If Essie is really in here...
Roxanne felt more frightened the more she dwelled on that thought.
Even she was scared of being alone in that environment, not to mention Estella, who was just a little girl.
Essie would not have come inside here if it weren't for me.
At that thought, Roxanne gritted her teeth and hastened her steps. She must locate Estella as soon as possible.
"Essie! Where are you?"
Roxanne shouted Estella's name as she moved deeper into the forest, hoping to receive any response from the little girl. However, even after she shouted until her voice turned hoarse, her surroundings remained silent.
Suddenly, there were movements at a bush nearby.
Roxanne's eyes shone. She thought Estella was there, so she quickly strode over.
Just as she got closer, something jumped out from the thicket
Roxanne shuddered in fear. She was on the verge of screaming due to the shock.
Upon taking a closer look, she realized that it was just a wild rabbit. She let out a sigh of relief at that realization.
Still, when she was reminded of Estella's unknown whereabouts, her anxiety intensified, and she walked forward at a quicker pace.
Soon, despite not knowing where she had reached, Roxanne could vaguely hear the sound of intermittent sobs around her.
Roxanne's heart skipped a beat. She wondered if that was Estella crying.
With that thought in her mind, she slowed down and cautiously approached the origin of the sound.
In a deep pit, Estella was squatting on the ground in a pitiful condition with dirt all over her. She was crying hysterically to the point of almost suffocating.
She had run out of the hotel in the afternoon, intending to return to the botanical garden to look for Roxanne, Archie,
and Benny. However, halfway there, a snake suddenly appeared beside the road. Overwhelmed by fear and shock, she ran aimlessly and unknowingly entered the forest beside the road. When Estella came to her senses, she had already arrived in the deeper part of the forest.
She wanted to leave that place as quickly as possible, but she failed to find her way out. Her surroundings grew darker the more she stumbled forward.
Then, she accidentally fell into a hole.
Estella tried to climb out, but her attempts were unfruitful due to the slippery, moss-covered walls. She repeatedly fell back to the bottom of the hole after trying to climb out a few times.
Estella sensed she might not be able to escape that place. Nevertheless, she knew Lucian and Roxanne would come looking for her, so she squatted in a corner, quietly waiting for help to arrive without feeling too afraid.
However, her surroundings gradually grew darker, and the pit she was trapped in turned pitch black.
All of a sudden, something fell on her hand,
She let out a shriek and cowered in a corner. Tears streamed down her cheeks uncontrollably as she stayed still and did not dare to move a muscle.
Moreover, Estella was now hungry and terrified after waiting for the whole afternoon. She could not help but weep. Still, she did not dare to cry out loud for fear of attracting something dangerous.
Estella had lost track of time.
She developed hiccups due to prolonged crying. "Daddy, Ms. Jarvis, Archie, Benny..."
Anyone, hurry up and find me. I'm so scared. I will never run away again.
Estella felt sorrowful when she was reminded of Roxanne's gentle face.
I wonder if Ms. Jarvis is looking for me. I miss her so much.... 
###Chapter 279
"Essie, is that you?"
Roxanne grew certain she did not imagine the sobs and started to feel more honeful
Estella stopped crying when she heard Roxanne's voice as well. "M-Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing that. She hastily walked toward where Estella was.
She had barely taken a few steps forward when she suddenly slipped.
Roxanne's heart jumped into her throat as she narrowly steadied herself by grabbing a large tree next to her.
She gazed downward and noticed Estella, who was cowering miserably at the bottom of a pit that was partially concealed by the dense plants around.
"Essie?" Roxanne's heart ached terribly when she saw Estella.
Looking up at the beam of light shining into the hole, Estella saw Roxanne smiling at her in relief.
"Everything is okay now. I'm here." Roxanne felt more guilt-ridden at the sight of Estella's face. Yet, she did not dare to express her emotions because she did not want Estella to be afraid.
Estella's face was flushed, as she had cried for so long. Her eyes and nose were red, and her cheeks were smeared with dirt from when she had wiped her tears earlier. She appeared very pitiable with her head hung low and her body covered in grime.
"Ms. Jarvis..." Roxanne was finally there to rescue her after she waited for so long. Estella began crying harder after a few seconds. Roxanne was very anxious when she saw Estella wailing her lungs out. "Don't cry, Essie. I'm going to find something to pull you up."
Roxanne searched her surroundings for something that could help her pull Estella up as she spoke.
She consoled Estella while she looked around.
Unfortunately, Estella was bawling so loudly that she could not even hear Roxanne's voice.
Roxanne finally found a sufficiently long tree branch after much difficulty. After bringing the stick to the edge of the hole and trying its length, Roxanne figured Estella could reach the other end of the tree branch if the latter tiptoed.
"Estella, stop crying. Come here and grab this tree branch. I'll pull you up." Roxanne was close to losing her voice after yelling excessively earlier. She cleared her throat to make her voice more audible. Estella glanced up, wiped the tears on her face, and tiptoed to grasp the tree branch.
However, she could only touch the tip of the tree branch. There was still some length to be covered for her to take hold of the tree branch.
Roxanne frowned. She crawled forward and pushed the tree branch further into the hole.
Only then could Estella seize the other end of the tree branch.
After Estella wrapped her hands around the tree branch, Roxanne gritted her teeth and pulled with all her might to drag Estella out of the hole. Unexpectedly, Roxanne did not have much strength left in her after starving for the whole night and walking for so long inside the forest.
To make things worse, Estella was too weak to cooperate with her.
As the two exerted force simultaneously, Estella remained rooted to her spot. Instead, Roxanne was tugged forward, causing half her body to hang over the edge of the pit.
Noticing Roxanne's position, Estella hurriedly let go of the tree branch and ran worriedly to the side of the hole. "Ms. Jarvis!"
Roxanne managed to seize hold of a tree root beside her with effort. She grinned tenderly at Estella. "Don't be scared, Essie. I'm fine."
While uttering those words, Roxanne tried her best to climb back up.
Estella suddenly squalled hysterically at the bottom of the pit.
Heart-wrenching agony filled Roxanne's chest. She turned her head around and saw Estella sitting on the ground, crying her eyes out.
Estella's sobs gradually diminished, and her breathing became shallower.
Overwhelmed by panic at that instant, Roxanne's grip slackened. The next second, Roxanne had also fallen into the pit.
With tears in her eyes, Estella threw herself into Roxanne's arms after the latter fell into the hole.
Roxanne hurriedly hugged the little girl. Guilt washed over her when she felt Estella's cold body.
If I had brought her together with me in the afternoon, or if I had found her sooner... 
###Chapter 280
Royanne patted Estella, trying her best to comfort the latter. Still, the sobs of the little girl in her arms sounded weaker and weaker. "Essie?" Roxanne gazed down concernedly.
Estella had passed out after crying for so long, but tears continued to roll down her cheeks from the corner of her eyes.
Roxanne struggled to catch her breath, as she could hardly stand the pain in her chest when she took in Estella's wretched state.
The weather is so cold, and Essie's wearing such thin clothes. She won't last if this situation drags on. I need to think of a way to get out of here!
At that thought, Roxanne took off her jacket and wrapped Estella with her outerwear before racking her brain to figure out a solution.
However, no matter her methods, she could not climb out of the pit.
Instead, she ended up exhausting all her energy.
After several attempts, she stopped her futile struggles in slight desperation. She held Estella in her arms to provide the little girl with warmth.
The night breeze blew past the forest, causing a series of rustling sounds. Sadly, Roxanne did not hear the voice of any other person in the woods. Despaired, Roxanne took out her phone.
Although she knew there would not be any signal in the wilderness, she could only place her hope for a miracle to happen.
The light from her phone screen illuminated her face. She browsed through her contact list for some time. In the end, Roxanne still decided to call Lucian. Unfortunately, there was no miracle, as she failed to make the call.
Roxanne hung up the phone while wearing a wry smile. Then she looked up at the opening of the
pit.
Luckily, she brought a torchlight. At the very least, Roxanne felt a little at ease when the interior of the pit was not completely dark.
"Roxanne?" Just when she was about to give up and deal with that predicament the next morning, a person's deep and tired-sounding voice reverberated beside her ears. Am I hallucinating? Roxanne blinked her eyes in doubt as she gazed upward at the hole atop her.
Lucian's voice sounded again. "Are you here?"
Ma
en
c restat up when she is that she was not imagining things, She responded
Certul t h herr Niste and larr both down here."
Weer in the air for a few seconds after she spoke. Then she heard the diminished sound of
When the foxsteps haltex above Roxanne, she saw Lucian's worn-out face as he peered into the
Roxanne felt immensely relieved when she saw him. She croaked, "Essie fainted after crying for too long. Hurry up and get help to bring her out of here."
Lucians heart switched painfully: He replied solemnly. "I'll be right back. Wait for me."
Roxanne greni to wait for him.
Lucian immediately turned on his heels to find Cayden and the others.
His face turned grim right after he turned around.
I arrived here too late.' That's why Raranne and Estella are in such terrible conditions. I can't even imagine hour seared they must have been!
He walked for some distance before finally meeting Cayden and the others.
At that moment. Cavden was troubled because even though Lucian had roughly described his position to Cavden, it was still very difficult to navigate the terrains of the deep forest. Looking up and noticing Lucian striding in their direction, he immediately darted forward.
Once the group reached the side of the pit, Cayden instructed his subordinates to take out some ropes to pull Roxanne and Estella out of the hole.
However, Roxanne could merely grab the rope without having any strength left to muster. Moreover, she was carrying Estella with her other arm.
Noticing that, Cayden hastily thought of ordering one of his men to go down into the pit and piggyback them up.
Before he could give the instruction, Cayden caught Lucian jumping into the hole from the corner of his eyes.
He was taken aback. "Mr. Farwell!"
Lucian landed steadily at the bottom of the pit. He glanced at Roxanne. Her face was as pale as a ghost. She was evidently exhausted and was holding the teary-faced Estella in her arms. "Bring Essie up first." Roxanne handed the little girl to him.
He nodded, hugged Estella, and climbed out of the pit with the help of the rope.
Roxanne was planning to climb up on her own when she saw Lucian jumping down the hole again. Before she could reac?, he had pulled her into his embrace. 
###Chapter 281
Roxanne was about to tell Lucian she could manage to pull herself up when he hugged her even more tightly.
"Don't move. Otherwise, it will be difficult for me to climb up." His voice sounded a little hoarse.
Roxanne felt a brief surge of strange emotion in her chest as she listened to his voice. She stayed still afterward and allowed him to carry her out of the hole.
She broke away from his embrace right after they safely escaped the pit.
"Mrs-Ms. Jarvis, you are so kind to Ms. Estella." Cayden could not help but say wistfully.
He had been utterly shocked when he saw Roxanne hugging Estella at the bottom of the pit earlier.
Cayden was already surprised that Roxanne was willing to venture deep into the forest in the middle of the night to search for Estella. Unexpectedly, Roxanne even located Estella before
them in the wilderness.
If it weren't for Roxanne, they wouldn't have known how long they needed to search.
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled. "This is my obligation."
Lucian gazed at her and piped up, "It's not your fault."
Roxanne was dazed for a few seconds before she made sense of his words. When she realized that he was comforting her, she did not know how to react.
"Essie ran oui in anger after she quarreled with Aubree. I am to be blamed for this matter. Essie is a wilful child. I did not stop Aubree in time and took proper care of Essie," Lucian explained sombrely Roxanne felt a little less guilty after listening to him. She pursed her lips and expressed her gratitude to Lucian, "Thank you."
Lucian bent down to pick up the torchlight on the ground and said with all seriousness, "I should thank you instead. Thank you for locating Essie."
If Roxanne had not found Estella first, they might not have been able to discover this pit the latter had fallen into,
They had walked in that direction earlier because they coincidentally noticed the light originating from Roxanne's torchlight.
Roxanne glanced at Estella, who was now resting in Cayden's arms. "I wonder how Essie is. She was here for so long. She must be scared out of her wits. She couldn't stop crying just now." Roxanne's heart ached when she was reminded of the way Estella bawled her eyes out earlier.
Lucian was in low spirits as well. "We can only check her condition when we return.
Holding Estella in his arms, Cayden uttered sympathetically, "Ms. Estella doesn't seem to have sustained any serious external injuries. I'm just afraid that..."
Estella suffered from psychological illness to begin with. Cayden was fearful that the unfortunate incident would traumatize her and aggravate her existing condition.
Lucian and Roxanne could guess the rest of Cayden's unfinished sentence. Their faces darkened at that possibility.
Along the way back, everyone kept quiet as a heavy atmosphere lingered in the air.
After arriving at the hotel, Lucian informed the good news of locating Estella in the WhatsApp group before contacting his mother. Then, he instructed Cayden to handle the checkout procedure while he brough Estella, Roxanne, Archic, and Benny back to the city and headed straight to the hospital.
Inside the car, Archie and Benny eyed Estella concernedly. "Mommy, will Essie be fine?"
Roxanne patted their heads and comforted them, "She'll be fine. Don't worry."
Archie and Benny looked up at their mother and said with their hearts aching, "Mommy, you're losing your voice."
She smiled at them without saying a word.
Roxanne could not care less about losing her voice as long as she could find Estella.
Sitting in the passenger seat, Lucian gazed intently at Roxanne and the little girl in her arms through the rearview mirror with an unfathomable look on his face.
Soon, the car came to a halt outside the entrance of the hospital.
Cayden got out of the car, received Estella from Roxanne, and hurried into the hospital. 
###Chapter 282
Roxanne was only able to heave a sigh of relief after the doctor confirmed that Estella was fine.
However, as Lucian was still worried, he decided to admit the little girl to the hospital for one night just to be safe.
As it was getting late, Roxanne said, "Since Essie is all right, I'll take the kids back to rest first. Call me if you need me."
She turned to leave after she finished speaking.
However, when she walked past Lucian, the man grabbed her wrist, causing her to draw a sharp breath.
"Please examine her too," Lucian said to the doctor.
When Roxanne heard that, she rejected it at once. "There's no need for that. I know my condition
not injured and I just want to go home and rest."
Lucian refused to let go of her.
Having no choice, the woman walked toward the doctor and rolled up her sleeves, revealing an abrasion on her wrist which Lucian was grabbing a moment ago.
She had sustained a scrape from pulling Estella back carlier on but did not want the little ones to worry about her. Besides, she was intending to treat the wound herself after getting back. She had been bearing with the pain and did not expect the man to notice it.
Lucian's expression darkened when he saw the abrasion on Roxanne's wrist.
Archie and Benny were even more worried as they exclaimed, "Mommy, you're injured!"
Roxanne flashed a comforting smile at the children while replying, "It's just a scrape. I'm all right.”
After the doctor treated Roxanne's wound bricfly, the group of them left the emergency ward.
Cayden proceeded to settle the admission procedures for Estella.
As Roxanne was still worried about the little girl, she headed to the ward with Lucian.
After Estella was placed on the bed, she woke up and turned around slowly.
Archie and Benny were the first ones to notice it. They rushed to the bed at once. Looking at her excitedly, they exclaimed, "You're awake! Are you okay? Are you feeling unwell?"
Estella was still feeling groggy. She blinked a few times before she looked at the boys and shook her head.
Even though the two boys sensed something amiss, they ignored the feeling, as they were just too happy that Estella was awake. They continued talking to her by the bed.
Roxanne watched from the side for a while before stepping forward to caress Estella's face.
Estella responded with a smile while reaching out to touch the bandage on the woman's wrist.
Noticing the worried expression on the little girl's face, Roxanne said comfortingly, "It's just a scrape. It doesn't hurt at all."
After saying that, she asked in concern, "Essie, are you hungry? What do you feel like having? I'll get you something to eat."
Estella tilted her head and thought for a moment before shaking her head.
din
Roxanne's gaze darkened. She turned around to look at Lucian.
Lucian had a grim expression on his face as well as he looked at Estella.
Both of them realized that the girl had not spoken a single word since she woke up. Although Roxanne and the two boys had been talking to her, she did not reply. Obviously, the incident had affected her.
"It's getting late. You guys should go back first," Lucian said.
Roxanne hesitated as a crease appeared between her brows.
She had intended to take the two boys home before knowing about Estella's condition.
However, after being aware of the situation, she found it difficult to leave.
When Estella heard her father asking Roxanne to leave, she grabbed the corner of the woman's shirt with a reluctant expression on her face.
"I'll stay here with you." Roxanne held the girl's hand. Then she turned to Lucian and said, "I'll stay here and accompany Essie. She should be hungry. Can you get someone to bring her some food?" Lucian agreed and instructed Cayden to get something for all of them to eat. 
###Chapter 283
Meanwhile, having been chased away by Lucian in the afternoon, Aubree arrived at the Farwell
residence to look for Sonya.
Sonva thought that there was news of Estella when she saw her and asked anxiously, "Why are you back? Has Essie been found?"
Aubree shook her head dejectedly.
Sonya chided, "Why are you here if Essie hasn't been found? Why aren't you helping to search for her?"
Even though she had always favored Aubree, the woman had indeed gone overboard this time.
Aubree answered remorsefully, "Mrs. Farwell, I'd love to help, but—”
"But what?" Sonya asked furiously.
Aubree looked at Sonya with teary eyes, and with a pitiful expression, she replied, "But Lucian blamed me for not taking good care of Essie and asked me to leave. I didn't want to stay and be a burden to him because he was already anxious enough."
In fact, Sonya had only heard about the incident from Aubree briefly over the phone, learning that Estella had run out because Aubree did not take good care of her. However, she did not know much about the details.
As such, she did not understand why her son would flare up at Aubree because of that. "What exactly happened? Why did Essie suddenly run away?"
Aubree looked down and sounded as if she was on the verge of bursting into tears as she replied, "When I reached the hotel, I found out that Lucian and Roxanne were staying in the same room as there were not enough rooms. I wanted to check if the hotel could make any alternate arrangements."
The woman paused and glanced up briefly to look at Sonya's reaction before lowering her head and continuing, "So I told him that I would check with the reception if there were any rooms that were freed up. After I entered the elevator, Essie suddenly followed me inside. I had no idea what she wanted and did not expect her to dash out of the elevator the moment the doors opened. I was stunned for a moment and wasn't able to react in time..."
Sonya's expression darkened. She had guessed that her granddaughter did not want to leave Roxanne.
What spell did that woman cast on Essie? Even if they are mother and daughter, Roxanne has not taken care of Essie ever since she was born. Why is Essie so attached to her?Besides... When Sonya recalled Aubree's words from before, she furrowed her brows and asked, "Lucian and Roxanne were staying in the same room?"
Aubree nodded, looking aggrieved, and replied, "There wasn't anything I could say since the hotel didn't have any spare rooms, but it wasn't very appropriate for them to stay together. That's why I wanted to check with the front desk if it was possible to make alternate arrangements. I
didn't expect Essie to be so mad over that. It's my fault for my lack of consideration."
Sonva invited Aubree into the living room and said with a grim expression, "It's not your fault. You did the right thing. The two of you are getting engaged soon. Lucian shouldn't have stayed with Roxanne in the same room!"
"But if that did not happen, Essie wouldn't have run away..." Aubree said between tears. "It's already so late and there still isn't any news yet. I'm really worried that something would happen to Essie. She's still so young... If something bad happens to her, I will never be able to forgive
myself!"
At the mention of her granddaughter, Sonya felt her heart sink. However, instead of blaming Aubree for it like before, she started comforting the woman instead. "Don't worry. Lucian is looking for her. Essie will be fine."
Aubree sobbed while replying, "Essie is missing because I didn't take good care of her. I'm scared that Lucian wouldn't forgive me for that. He was so furious earlier on that I thought..."
She had thought that Lucian would hit her, just like before, but the man did not.
However, Aubree did not assume that it was because he wasn't as angry as before. Instead, she knew that it was probably because he could no longer be bothered with her.
Sonya frowned and replied, "That won't'happen. It's not even your fault this time. He'll realize it after he calms down." 
###Chapter 284
Chapter 284 I Did Not Take Care Of Her
After the meal, Lucian told Cayden to send Archie and Benny back home to rest while he stayed in the ward with Roxanne so they could both keep Estella company.
Roxanne couldn't bear to leave the little girl alone in the ward. Estella was still afraid and refused to release her grip on the corner of Roxanne's clothes. Roxanne felt guilty at the sight of Estella's pale face. She caressed Estella's cheek and apologized, "I shouldn't have rejected you this afternoon. I'm really sorry." Estella shook her head silently.
The guilt in Roxanne's heart remained, and she looked downcast.
Regret had overwhelmed her when she learned of Estella's disappearance.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Now that she knew that Estella was emotionally affected by the incident, she got so heavy-hearted that she could barely breathe.
"It has nothing to do with you." Lucian's brows knitted together when he heard her blaming herself.
Roxanne forced out a smile and glanced at him without a word.
She had experienced losing her child, so there was no way Lucian could understand her feelings.
As she didn't seem reassured by his words, Lucian fell silent for a few moments before saying, "If you say so, then it's all my fault."
Hearing that, Roxanne shot him a confused look.
Estella pursed her lips and glared at Lucian.
Lucian met their gazes solemnly and walked toward the bed. He stopped beside Estella and said, "I should've stopped Essie in time. It was my fault; I didn't take good care of her." Seemingly displeased, Estella whipped her head away. Her cheeks were puffed up, and she refused to meet his gaze.
Lucian's brows snapped together. "I knew Essie was upset. I should've said no to Aubree's suggestion. If I had done that, Essie wouldn't have run away recklessly."
He knew Estella hated Aubree but didn't reject her advance, so it was his fault.
Estella whipped her head around and shot him a satisfied look.
It was clear to Roxanne that he was trying to console her, and she had to admit that he should be shouldering most of the responsibility.
Estella was his daughter, but he had failed to take care of her and had caused her to suffer.
Recalling Lucian's negligence when he took care of Estella previously, Roxanne felt that he was indeed a careless father.
I wonder how much Essie has suffered over the years.
Lucian didn't know what she was thinking. He heaved a sigh of relief when he noticed her guilty expression fading a little.
Before he could say anything else to divert their attention, his phone rang suddenly.
He glanced at his phone and saw that it was a call from his mother.
A deep line appeared in the middle of Lucian's brow as he answered the call.
"How's Essie doing?" Sonya asked anxiously. After learning that Estella had been admitted to the hospital, she wanted to visit Estella and also defend Aubree. Glancing at the bed, Lucian responded, "She has regained consciousness. She's fine, so you should go to bed. I'll bring her back home tomorrow morning." Sonya was about to insist when Lucian added, "Essie is traumatized. She needs to sleep now. You should leave her to rest."
Sonya had no choice but to cave in.
After the call ended, Roxanne and Lucian stopped talking about Estella's disappearance as if they had reached a tacit agreement. Roxanne started chatting with Estella gently.
Alas, no matter what Roxanne said, Estella refused to say a word and would only nod or shake her head.
Roxanne was exhausted by the time she managed to put Estella to bed after reading the little girl a bedtime story.
Estella gripped the corner of her clothes and refused to let go, so Roxanne got herself a chair and fell asleep on the edge of the bed.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 285
Chapter 285 Recuperate Back At Home
The following day, Roxanne woke up and realized there was a coat draped over her body.
Lucian had placed his coat over her after she fell asleep last night.
Roxanne sat up and glanced around the ward, but Lucian was nowhere to be seen.
Strangely, she felt empty inside.
Roxanne was in a daze when the door to the ward was opened. Turning at her shoulder, she saw Lucian tiptoeing in, wearing nothing but a shirt. He looked really worn out.
When their gazes met, Lucian's gaze turned dark. His voice was hoarse as he asked, "You're up?"
Roxanne nodded in response. After a brief hesitation, she got up and placed the coat over Estella. The little girl was still sleeping soundly.
Lucian's gaze softened when he saw what she did. He went up to her and glanced at her bandaged wrist. "How are you feeling? Do you need to redress your wound?" he asked with concern. Roxanne shook her head calmly. "No need for that. I can change it myself at home. The medicine in the hospital could be more inefficient than my own medicine."
As she sounded confident, Lucian arched a brow. He then recalled her job and previous experience before giving her a noncommittal nod.
After that, an awkward silence ensued in the ward.
"If there's nothing else—"
Roxanne was about to bid him goodbye when Estella's soft voice rang out. "Ms. Jarvis..."
The little girl sounded as though she was on the verge of breaking into tears.
An instant heartache overcame Roxanne as she turned around hastily to look at Estella.
Perhaps Estella had dreamed of last night's event, for tears were streaming down her cheeks even though she was still asleep. Her little face was all scrunched up pitifully.
"I'm here," Roxanne assured her as she carefully wiped the tears away from Estella's cheeks.
Estella woke up crying. At the sight of Roxanne sitting beside her, she leaped into Roxanne's arms and started sobbing.
Her sobs were muffled compared to her sobs back when she was trapped in the hole. However, Roxanne still felt her heart clench at her pitiful whimpers.
She must be so scared to wake up from a nightmare this morning.
Roxanne comforted Estella for a long time before the little girl quashed her sobs. Her eyes were red as she stared at Roxanne wordlessly.
Lucian's expression had turned dark when he heard Estella calling Roxanne in her sleep a while ago.
After chatting with Estella briefly, Lucian summoned the doctor to check her condition.
The doctor confirmed she was all right, and Lucian left to handle the discharge procedures.
Outside the hospital, Estella held Roxanne's hand. She couldn't bear to part with her.
Roxanne patted her head. "You should recuperate back at home. Just give me a call whenever you miss me, all right?"
Estella nodded, but she showed no signs of wanting to release Roxanne's hand.
Roxanne couldn't bring herself to ask Estella to release her hand.
Estella was traumatized by yesterday's events, so she wanted nothing more than to shower her love on Estella.
Seeing how stubborn Estella was, Lucian felt heartbroken. He knew Roxanne couldn't keep Estella company forever, so he bent down and took Estella's wrist. "Essie, let go of Ms. Jarvis. We need to head back home. Your grandpa and grandma are worried about you."
Pursing her lips, Estella released her grip on Roxanne's hand reluctantly.
Roxanne was slightly distracted. Essie looks disappointed. She had the same disappointed expression when I rejected her last afternoon.
"Ms. Jarvis, goodbye." Estella bade goodbye to Roxanne softly with her head hung low.
Roxanne was taken aback. This was the first time Estella had spoken out loud since last night, except for the words that she had mumbled in her sleep earlier.
She spoke out loud to bid me goodbye.
Roxanne felt her heart turn soft. Flashing a smile, she bade Estella goodbye and left in a hurry. She was afraid she would be reluctant to leave if she were to spare Estella another look. 
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 286
Chapter 286 Your Attitude
Lucian brought Estella back to the Farwell residence after Roxanne left.
When they arrived, Sonya and Elias were already waiting in the living room. Aubree was sitting beside them with a woeful expression.
Seeing them, Aubree immediately got to her feet to welcome them. "Lucian, is Essie all right?"
She then got down on her knees to check on Estella's condition.
Estella retreated and hid behind Lucian. She grabbed the edge of Lucian's shirt and refused to look at Aubree.
Aubree remained patient and reached out to take Estella's hand. "Essie, I'm really sorry for upsetting you. I was just "
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Slap! Estella slapped her hand away abruptly.
I hate this evil Ms. Pearson! She's the reason Ms. Jarvis stays away from me!
Aubree refused to give up yet. She came closer to Estella as Sonya and Elias were watching her actions.
I can't let Essie show them that we're not close to each other!
She stretched her hand out again. "Essie, don't be afraid. I just want to check on your injury."
Without waiting for a reply, she grabbed Estella's hand to pull her closer.
Flustered, Estella burst into noisy tears.
Everyone stared at them.
Lucian had no idea that Estella hated Aubree this much. He also didn't know that Aubree was bold enough to come close to Estella despite knowing that Estella hated her.
His expression turned as dark as thunder when he saw Estella crying and shaking uncontrollably. He immediately demanded, "Aren't you going to get lost?"
Shocked, Aubree released her grasp on Estella. Displeasure rose in her heart when she realized tears were streaming down Estella's cheeks. However, she acted as though she felt guilty and said, "It was all my fault. I knew Essie hadn't forgiven me, but... I was worried about her. I should've considered her feelings."
Having said that, she shot Lucian a cautious look. "I'm really sorry. I had no idea Essie hated me to this extent. It was all my fault. I should leave lest I affect her emotions."
Turning to Sonya, she said, "Mrs. Farwell, I'll take my leave now. I'll be back to visit Essie another day."
"Lucian, what are you doing?" Sonya had seen how her son had lashed out at Aubree and how Aubree had apologized to Estella repeatedly. She felt bad for Aubree and pulled the latter away. Patting Aubree's hand, she said, “Stay right here. I know you mean well."
Aubree's lashes trembled as she came back to stand beside Sonya. She looked as though she was close to tears.
Sonya glared at Lucian. "Aubree has been blaming herself for Essie's disappearance. She didn't sleep the whole night and kept us company. Now that she's apologizing to Essie, how could you treat her this way?"
Lucian frowned as his gaze turned wintry. "She should be blaming herself."
If Aubree hadn't made Essie angry and had taken good care of her, Essie wouldn't have run away and suffered badly.
Lucian's gaze turned colder when he thought of the injuries Roxanne and Estella had sustained last night.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 287
Chapter 287 Making It Up
As he kept blaming Aubree, Sonya scowled in displeasure. "Aubree feels guilty over her actions. She came back to apologize to us last night. How could you be this harsh to her?"
She then glanced at Estella, who was hiding behind Lucian.
Estella was sobbing silently.
Feeling bad for her, Sonya urged softly, "Essie, stop crying. Tell me, did you get hurt?"
Estella adored her grandmother, so she nodded wordlessly in response to Sonya's question.
"If you knew where we found Essie, you wouldn't have asked her that." Lucian pinned Sonya with a withering look.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Sonya was baffled.
They only got to talk on the phone hastily yesterday, so she didn't get to ask about the details.
Lucian shot Aubree an icy look and said, "Essie ran into the mountains near the botanical garden and fell into a hole. There was where we found her. She was there the whole night. Do you seriously think she didn't get hurt?"
His words were meant for both Sonya and Aubree. He hoped Aubree would leave tactfully after hearing what he had to say.
Sonya blanched in horror after hearing what Estella had gone through. She bent down and pulled Estella into her arms. "Oh, you must've suffered a lot, Essie. Let me give you a hug. Don't wander off in the future, okay?"
Estella allowed Sonya to hug her but couldn't stop sobbing no matter how Sonya consoled her.
After a while, Sonya noticed Aubree was near to tears. Feeling sorry for Aubree, she said, "Aubree means well. She wanted to change to a bigger room for you and Essie. She didn't know that Essie would get this upset. Now that Essie is safe and sound, you should stop blaming her."
Lucian's brows knitted together, and he said naught a word.
"Besides, Aubree told me you were with that woman. What is going on? You're getting engaged soon. Everyone in Horington knows that you're getting engaged to Aubree. What if words get out? How do you think Aubree will feel?" As her son seemed unfazed, Sonya felt her heart sink. "Don't tell me you're planning on marrying Roxanne? I've made myself clear. I won't accept her, ever! She has to bear some sort of responsibility over Essie's disappearance, too!"
Right after she said that, she felt Estella's chest heaving in her arms.
Sonya shot Estella a worried look. The little girl was crying until she was gasping for air. She was also struggling to free herself from Sonya's embrace.
It was pretty apparent that the little girl was upset that Sonya had chided Roxanne.
Comprehension dawned, and Sonya scowled unhappily. "I don't know what's so great about her. Why does Essie love her so much? She can't even bear to hear me chiding her! If she knew what had happened, I wonder if she'll still feel the same way!"
If Essie was an adult, I would've told her how Roxanne had dumped her when she was a kid!
Realizing Sonya intended to spill the truth, Lucian cut in, "This has nothing to do with Roxanne! If Roxanne hadn't entered the mountains late at night to search for Essie, she would have had to spend the night in the mountains!"
That didn't occur to Sonya, and she was struck silent. A few seconds later, she said grudgingly, "She ought to do that!"
Roxanne abandoned Essie when she was just a baby. She's just making it up to Essie!
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 288
Chapter 288 I Waited For Years
After learning that it was Roxanne who had found Estella, Sonya stopped reprimanding her. She focused on consoling Estella, who was still crying in her arms.
A while later, Estella exhausted her energy and finally stopped crying.
"Good girl, Essie." Sonya patted her back. "Ms. Pearson adores you. She accidentally angered you, so can you forgive her?"
Hearing Aubree's name, Estella scrunched up her brow and turned around. She stretched her hands toward Lucian.
Lucian picked her up and answered on her behalf, "Essie refuses to forgive her. Even if Essie does forgive her, I will never forgive her!"
With that said, Lucian glared at Aubree. "This has dragged on for long enough. I shall make myself clear once again. I will never marry you. From today onward, we no longer have anything to do with each other. You have no reason to show up before Essie anymore!"
His words stunned everyone else.
It took Sonya a few seconds to regain her composure. She grabbed Lucian's arm and demanded, "Lucian, do you know what you're talking about? News about your engagement has been released. How are we going to face the public if you refuse to marry Aubree?"
Without batting an eyelid, Lucian responded, "That has nothing to do with me. It was you who released the news without seeking my agreement. I've stated my disapproval, but you insisted on doing so." Sonya's face turned ugly. Lucian had obviously made up his mind.
She knew what her son wanted but had always assumed she had control over him.
Alas, she forgot he was all grown up now. In fact, he was in charge of Farwell Group now.
He was obedient all the while only because he wanted to be a filial son to her.
"But..." Sonya trailed off before coming up with another excuse. "But we agreed to your marriage to repay Old Mr. Pearson's favor. How are you going to explain to him if you want to call it off?" Lucian furrowed his brows. "We've repaid the Pearson family's favor by giving them what they wanted all these years. That's enough. Farwell Group will still help the Pearson family in the corporate world as long as they don't break the law."
Aubree gaped in disbelief.
It was pretty clear that Lucian had come up with that plan a long time ago.
When did he start scheming? Was it after he rejected me previously? Or did he start after that b*tch Roxanne came back?
She was panicking when Lucian glanced at her, his face devoid of expression. "Ms. Pearson, please leave my house if you have nothing else to say."
Aubree froze in shock. She promptly apologized, "Lucian, I was wrong. I know my mistake now. I promise I'll give Essie what she wants. It won't happen again. Please don't be mad at me!" Nevertheless, Lucian ignored her pleas.
Aubree's heart sank in dejection. She tried to grab his sleeves, but he avoided her grasp.
"I've waited for you many years, Lucian..." Aubree's hands froze midair. "I'll change. I promise I will. Please don't do this to me!"
As Lucian remained silent, she shot Sonya a beseeching look.
Sonya shook her head grimly. "You should head back home for now."
Lucian didn't show any signs of fury, but she knew that was precisely the sign he was smoking with anger.
Besides, it seemed that he had thought about it thoroughly before informing them of his decision.
It was useless to say anything now, so she wanted to wait until he calmed down.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 289
Chapter 289 I Will Take You There
Lucian was resolute. Aubree had no choice but to leave with her head hung low.
Elias and Sonya stayed back for a while to spend time with Estella.
No matter how hard they tried, Estella remained disinterested. The little girl refused to write any words even though Sonya gave her a pen and paper. She would only nod or shake her head at any questions they posed.
Sonya felt bad for Estella, as she knew the little girl was traumatized by last night's events.
The only thing she could do was to spend more time with Estella.
When night arrived, Sonya got to her feet reluctantly. "Should I bring Essie back so I can take care of her? You're busy, and I'm afraid you can't take care of her well."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Lucian rejected her offer outright. "No, thanks."
After what happened last night, he refused to let Estella go anywhere.
As he refused to give in, Sonya said nothing else. She talked to Estella briefly before leaving with her husband.
After they left, Lucian redressed Estella's wound and led her upstairs so she could go to bed.
Estella stared at her wound silently and showed no response to his words.
Frowning, Lucas asked, "Does your wound hurt?"
Estella lifted her head and shook her head.
"What's wrong? Tell me," Lucian said patiently.
Pursing her lips, Estella pointed at the medicine on the table and took the pen to write "Ms. Jarvis" on the paper.
Her action tugged at Lucian's heartstrings. "Do you want to give the medicine to Ms. Jarvis?"
Estella bobbed her head firmly.
The medicine in our house is efficient. Ms. Jarvis suffers from the same injury as mine, so she should be able to use the same medicine I just used! I miss her so much. Lucian glanced at the time and ruffled her hair. "It's late. Ms. Jarvis must be asleep. We'll pay her a visit tomorrow, okay?"
Estella hesitated before nodding obediently.
Ms. Jarvis must be tired, as she had to search for me. She needs to rest.
Seeing that Estella didn't press on, Lucian heaved a sigh of relief and led her upstairs so she could go to bed.
Lucian still remembered how afraid she was this morning. Thus, he decided to spend the night with her.
He was exhausted from staying up all night and promptly fell asleep after coaxing Estella to sleep.
The next morning, Estella woke him up by shaking his body repeatedly.
Opening his eyes groggily, he saw that Estella had already changed her outfit and was waiting for him to leave.
It took him a while before he realized Estella wanted to leave right away to give Roxanne the medicine.
"Okay. I'll take you there," Lucian promised her solemnly.
Climbing out of bed, he washed up and brought her downstairs.
Downstairs, Estella ran to the medical kit and found the medicine she had used last night. She placed the medicine beside her when she was having breakfast so they could leave after breakfast. Lucian sighed when he saw her action.
Perhaps this is their mother-and-daughter bond. They are both worried about each other. I'm worried about Roxanne, too. Those who had no idea what happened to her might think she was seriously wounded judging from Essie's reaction.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 290
Chapter 290 Applying Medicine
Archie and Benny had already gotten up when Roxanne arrived home. They promptly asked about Estella.
The boys were delighted to learn that Estella could talk again.
As Roxanne's wrist was injured, the boys refused to let her do anything and stayed by her side the entire day.
The following day, Roxanne wanted to head to work at the research institute, but the boys insisted that she stay at home.
"Mommy, you're hurt. You should rest at home." Benny shot her an imploring look.
Archie chimed in, "We're afraid you'll fall ill, just like last time."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
They could still remember how they had freaked out when Roxanne got sick previously.
Roxanne knew the kids were worried about her. As her wrist was hurt, it would be difficult for her to work. Hence, she bobbed her head in agreement.
After breakfast, the doorbell rang.
Roxanne got to her feet and answered the door.
She was taken aback by the unexpected visitors. "Why are you here?"
Clad in a casual coat, Lucian held Estella's hand. Estella was holding an exquisite bag with something inside.
Hearing her question, Lucian nodded and gestured to Essie. "Essie is worried and wants to deliver medicine to you."
Estella offered the bag she brought with her to Roxanne, affirming her father's words. "Ms. Jarvis, medicine."
Lucian was used to how fond Estella was of Roxanne, so he wasn't surprised to hear her talk.
Roxanne's heart melted when she heard Estella's adorable voice. She took the bag from the girl and patted her head. "Thank you, Essie."
Flashing an obedient smile, Estella stared at the house earnestly.
Roxanne hesitated briefly before turning sideways to let them in.
Archie and Benny were playing with Lego blocks on the floor after breakfast. They were delighted to see Estella and invited her to join them. When Essie used to stay with us, we loved playing with Lego blocks. Perhaps she'll forget what happened yesterday if we play together! However, Estella shook her head and stared fixedly at Roxanne.
Roxanne didn't know what the little girl wanted, so she bent her body down, utterly baffled. "Essie, what do you want me to do?"
Estella touched her injured wrist carefully as a flash of concern appeared in her eyes.
Comprehension dawned on Roxanne. It turns out Essie is worried about my injury.
"It's not serious. The doctor has already dressed my wound," Roxanne assured her cheerfully.
However, Estella took the corner of her outfit and pulled her toward the couch.
Roxanne played along with her and sat down on the couch.
After she took a seat, Estella stretched her hand out. "Change the dressing."
Having said that, she took a bottle of medicine out of the bag Roxanne had placed on the coffee table a while ago.
Roxanne was momentarily stunned. Feeling touched, she gave her hand to Estella willingly.
After removing her bandage carefully, Estella pouted unhappily at the sight of her wound before blowing on it twice.
Roxanne chuckled. "Essie, are you going to apply the medicine for me? It's fine. It might hurt for children, but adults won't feel anything. Just apply the medicine for me." 
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 291
Chapter 291 Tell Me Why
Hearing that, Estella started applying the medicine to Roxanne's wound meticulously.
Beside them, Lucian said, "After I redressed her wound last night, she wanted to bring the medicine to you. If I hadn't stopped her, she would've come last night."
The little girl's gesture moved Roxanne. Glancing at Estella, who was bandaging her wrist, she said gratefully, "Thank you, Essie."
Estella lifted her head and flashed a faint smile.
Archie and Benny watched as Estella applied the medicine to Roxanne's wrist. They were about to speak, but Lucian's stern voice caused them to frown in displeasure.
After Estella went missing yesterday, they got so worried and didn't bother expressing their emotions to Lucian.
Now that Estella was safe and sound, Archie and Benny felt that her disappearance was somewhat his fault.
He knew Essie hated that evil woman but allowed her to get close to Essie! Mommy didn't bring Essie with her as the woman was there. That bad woman also bullied Mommy previously! It was all your fault. With that thought in mind, the boys didn't bother being nice to Lucian.
Sensing the strange ambiance, Lucian lowered his head and saw the boys glaring at him as though he were a ferocious beast.
The boys pouted when they realized he was looking at them. "Mr. Farwell, you brought Essie here to deliver the medicine to Mommy. The medicine is here, and Essie has applied it to Mommy's wound. Is that all?"
Lucian's brows snapped together as he let out a noncommittal grunt.
"Please leave now!" Archie and Benny lifted their heads to look at Lucian, as he was taller than them. Despite their young age, they looked intimidating.
That was the first time Lucian had ever been asked to leave by the kids. His brows twitched, but he said nothing.
I could be imagining it, but the boys seem incredibly hostile today, even though they are usually hostile to me. Hearing their rude demand, Roxanne turned at her shoulder and told them, "Archie, Benny, don't be rude."
The boys huffed, "We're being polite! We said, please."
Roxanne felt her head throbbing, as she didn't know they would retort her words.
Lucian asked, "Are you kicking me out?"
Archie and Benny nodded vehemently.
Instead of flying into a rage, Lucian added patiently, "Can I know why?"
The boys were taken aback by his question.
They shared a look before Archie answered, "Because you're going to marry another woman soon. If you spend too much time with Mommy, it may cause an unwanted misunderstanding. We don't want Mommy to suffer anymore."
Silence ensued in the living room following his words.
Lucian swept his gaze over Archie and Benny before his gaze landed on Roxanne, who was sitting on the couch.
Something must've happened without my knowledge for the boys to say that to me. Did Aubree cause trouble for her? Why are the boys this emotional about my marriage?
Sensing his gaze, Roxanne looked down to hide the anxiety in her eyes.
She had no idea why Archie and Benny resented Lucian this much. Their reaction was bigger than hers when they learned of Lucian and Aubree's marriage.
Is it because he's their father? Is this why he is this important to them?
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 292
Chapter 292 A Clean Break
"You guys are right. All right, then. I'll get going first. See you all," Lucian said after a pause, pursing his lips.
Since he had unilaterally called off his engagement with Aubree, and the news was not made public yet, Lucian thought he should only let them know later.
Archie and Benny were surprised and disappointed when Lucian actually agreed so readily.
So, he's really getting married to that woman. Does this mean he doesn't want us anymore?
The disgruntlement evoked by this thought was apparent on the children's faces, and they replied curtly, "Goodbye, Mr. Farwell."
Lucian was puzzled by their sudden change of attitude. The man wondered if he had done anything wrong to upset them, aside from his engagement with Aubree. Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Earlier on, he had found Archie and Benny strangely distant, so he had decided to leave them alone. Yet when he actually did so, the two boys suddenly seemed disturbed by his departure. Seriously... What's the matter? I can't think of a reason for their behavior.
Lucian eventually gave up on trying to explain their shift in attitude and reached for Estella's hand instead. But when the girl saw Lucian nearing, she frowned and leaped to the ground from the couch. The girl had been listening to their conversation all that while, so she knew Lucian was about to bring her home.
The man looked at his daughter, who had just dashed off about three meters away from him, in resignation.
I should've expected that. Essie is so clingy to Roxanne, so there's no way she wants to leave. Besides, she's still traumatized by what happened. I bet sending the medication here today is just an excuse for her to come see Roxanne.
"Come on, Essie. It's time to go home. We'll come to see Ms. Jarvis some other day," Lucian coaxed with his gaze still pinned on the girl.
He had learned from the incident yesterday that he should not be too hard on her, or else she might end up doing something rash again. Yet despite his gentle entreaties, the girl still refused to go with him. "No!" she cried out stubbornly.
I want to stay with Ms. Jarvis! She's the best.
To the little girl, Roxanne was the person she could depend on because the woman had saved her from the pit when she was crying in desperation.
If I have to have a mommy, it must be Ms. Jarvis! I don't want anyone else to be my mommy!
As Lucian guessed, it was all because of Roxanne.
Ever since Estella met Roxanne, she had constantly reminded Lucian of Roxanne's importance in her heart.
In fact, it seemed to him that Roxanne meant much more to the girl compared to himself-her very own father who had taken care of her for so many years.
When Archie and Benny saw this, they felt sorry for Estella. They knew she was behaving like that because of what had happened the other day. Yet the brothers could not invite her to stay because Roxanne had yet to utter a word.
It was then that they regretted chasing Lucian off. If they had not rushed him off, Estella could have stayed longer.
For a moment, the ambiance in the quiet living room became awkwardly tense, with Lucian and Estella reaching an impasse.
"Essie, I still have to go to work tomorrow. What about I send you to Grandpa and Grandma?" Lucian suggested tenderly, rubbing his brows.
Again, his proposal was met with an outright rejection as Estella ran over to Roxanne and clung to her hand. She was trying to show with her actions that she wanted to stay with her.
Her sudden embrace softened Roxanne's heart. Yet when Roxanne looked back at Lucian again, she told herself she had to let the girl go.
As Archie and Benny said, he will be engaged to another woman soon. I should stay away from him. It's time we have a clean break.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 293
Chapter 293 Do Not Waste Time
"No! I want Ms. Jarvis!" the girl implored, staring at Roxanne with her eyes wide open before glaring at Lucian.
Judging from how intractable the girl was, Lucian was certain that she would not follow him home. So he eventually gave in and turned to Roxanne instead.
When Roxanne met his eyes, a frown stitched on her brows for she knew what he was about to say.
"You see, Essie really likes being around you. To be honest, she is much better when she's with you. Her condition deteriorated because of what happened yesterday, so I was wondering if you could take care of her for a while since she wants to stay by your side," he asked earnestly with his gaze directed at the woman on the couch.
His words lit up Estella's eyes. When she heard that her father had relented, she gazed at Roxanne with anticipation glistering in her eyes as she waited for her answer. But the excitement in her eyes slowly faded when she spotted the reluctance on Roxanne's face after a few seconds of silence.
Her heart sank, yet she still looked at Roxanne importunately.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
She refused to believe Roxanne would turn her down.
Roxanne looked at the girl apologetically, caressing her hair. "I'm so sorry, but I have a lot to do these few days. I have been putting aside a project my professor assigned to me for personal reasons, so I really have to get back to the research institute tomorrow. I'll have to stay back to make up for the lost time, so I won't even have time to take care of Archie and Benny..."
Roxanne did not say explicitly that she did not have time for Estella and that she had to turn the girl down, but what she said amounted to a rejection.
Estella was dejected.
Lucian frowned and looked at the girl helplessly.
"As you said, what Essie needs now is someone who can take good care of her, and that is not something I can promise. Keeping her here will only hinder her recovery, so, Mr. Farwell, I guess you know what's best for her," Roxanne continued.
Although what she said was true, it was partially an excuse for her to convince Lucian to bring the girl home.
She genuinely hoped that Estella could bounce back from her sickness, and to do that, professional intervention by professional psychologists was imperative.
Lucian could not think of anything else he could say to help Estella. He pursed his lips, looking at the girl. "Well, I guess you have to say goodbye to Ms. Jarvis, then, Essie." Estella could not believe what Roxanne had just said. Her teary eyes were opened wide in disbelief as she pinned her gaze on the woman and held on to the hem of her shirt. Roxanne quickly looked away. It pained her to see the girl in such a state.
She knew she could not bring herself to say no to the girl if she maintained eye contact.
"Ms. Jarvis..." Estella's voice quivered, but Roxanne hardened her heart and refused to turn back.
Archie and Benny felt so wretched when they saw how desperate Estella was. "Mommy, why don't we just let Essie stay? She looks so-"
"Aunt Madilyn will be taking care of both of you these two days, so make sure you guys behave," Roxanne interrupted, trying to prove her point that she would be busy. The boys clammed up immediately.
Then, Roxanne pulled Estella's hand away and addressed Lucian, "It's late. You guys should go home. You still have to go to work tomorrow."
When Lucian heard that, he nodded lightly and got up without taking another look at Estella-he could not stand the sight of how disappointed she was.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 294
Chapter 294 Did She Cry Her Heart Out
Estella's gaze was glued to Roxanne's back, tears rolling down her cheeks uncontrollably.
Archie and Benny were equally miserable. They did not expect Roxanne to be so heartless. When they saw that the girl was crying, they went over and consoled her.
"Don't cry, Essie. Mommy is really busy these few days. You can always come over and play once Mommy is free again," Benny cajoled with a smile, yet his attempt was futile.
When Archie saw that Estella was still sobbing, he took out a handkerchief to wipe away her tears as he comforted her, "We can still play together at the kindergarten, Essie. Mommy really likes you because you're a good girl, so don't cry. You'll look ugly if you keep crying, and Mommy doesn't like that."
Estella stopped and looked at the boy with doubt in her eyes.
"Yeah! Archie's right," Benny quickly chimed in with a nod. "Mommy doesn't like kids who cry."
It was not until then that Estella finally held back her tears with much effort.
An inexplicable glint shone in Lucian's eyes when he saw how deeply Archie and Benny cared for Estella. "Thank you for saying that," he said to the boys as he walked toward them.
The two children initially wanted to ignore him, but when they remembered how they were partially at fault for making Estella cry because they hurried Lucian home, they evaded the man's gaze with guilt. "We're just telling her the truth."
They knew that Roxanne loved Estella, but like themselves, she distanced herself from Estella because of Lucian.
Instead of answering the boys, Lucian smiled at them and held Estella's hand.
This time, the girl did not run away.
"Say goodbye to Archie and Benny, Essie," he said to her softly.
The girl did as she was told and waved at them, still trying to swallow her tears. "Goodbye, Archie. Goodbye, Benny. I'll come again."
"We can't wait to see you again too! Bye!" the two kids replied, forcing a smile.
After sending Estella off at the door and watching the car disappear out of their sight, the boys went back up to Roxanne. They found her staring blankly into the air in the study.
She could not stop thinking about how downcast Estella was when she turned her down.
Regret ate her up from the inside after the girl left. She had said so herself that the children were innocent. But over and over again, she had hurt Estella because of what happened between her and Lucian. Roxanne was so deep in her thoughts thinking about Estella that she did not even realize the boys were already back.
"Mommy?" Archie and Benny whispered carefully as they went closer to her. The look on her face was telling how remorseful she felt.
When Roxanne knew she had let her mind wander off, she cracked a stiff smile and stroked their heads. "Is Essie gone?"
The boys nodded firmly. "Was she crying her heart out when she left?" she asked out of guilt after some time.
Archie and Benny nodded again.
She wanted to treat Estella well and make her happy, but she ended up making her cry again.
"Don't worry, Mommy. She stopped crying after we talked to her," the children said with a smile, knowing that Roxanne would beat herself up.
Roxanne smiled in relief, pulling them into her arms. "Thank you. What would I do without both of you?"
"Essie said that she likes you a lot, Mommy. She also said she'll come again soon," they replied, hugging her back.
Roxanne felt comforted when she knew that the boys had taken care of everything.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 295
Chapter 295 Take It Easy
Over at the Pearson residence, Aubree had been depressed ever since Lucian chased her out the other day.
In the past, Sonya would always take her side and defend her, but she did not that day because there was nothing she could do to change anything.
Aubree despaired when she recalled Sonya's inaction.
She was not dumb. After years of waiting for Lucian, she knew in her heart that he was not keen on marrying her. Yet she had always wanted to try her luck believing that Sonya would help her.
She had always thought that Lucian would marry her one day as long as she waited for him.
However, her hope was crushed when Roxanne returned to the country and Lucian expressed his intention to break off their engagement.
After having some time to herself to cool her head off for a day, Aubree still decided to take the chance again by paying Sonya a visit.
Sonya was not expecting her to come by that day when she saw her at the door. But after a short pause, she invited Aubree in, as she always did.
"I'm sorry I didn't let you know in advance. I hope I'm not disturbing," Aubree said apologetically.
Since Sonya felt bad for Aubree after Lucian wanted to nullify their engagement, and she actually liked Aubree as a person, she smiled warmly at her and replied, "Don't worry about it. You're almost like a daughter to me, so you can visit anytime. You don't have to be so courteous. Just make yourself at home."
A rueful grin crept up on Aubree's lips. "You know... you used to call me your 'daughter-in-law,' but not anymore."
Tears welled up in Aubree's eyes as she spoke.
She paused to wipe away the tears in her eyes as she tried to compose herself. "Mrs. Farwell, I came today to apologize to you in person. I made a lot of mistakes when I was here, and all of you put up with them because of what my family did for Lucian. Now that he wants nothing to do with me, I just hope things end well between us. I just want to say sorry for everything I did. I hope you can forgive me." Aubree even used her puppy dog eyes on Sonya and played the victim. "I hope you understand that I did everything with the best intention for everyone. I took myself as Lucian's wife when I was here, so all the decisions I made were for the family. There were times when my kindness was misunderstood, but I still want you to know that I didn't mean any of it in a bad way. Even if we don't end up becoming a family, I still hope you can forgive me."
It broke Sonya's heart to see the young lady like that.
Over the years, she had treated Aubree as her future daughter-in-law. Despite what Aubree said, Sonya was actually pretty satisfied with everything she did.
Personally, she was also taken aback when Lucian suddenly decided to call off the engagement, so every word Aubree said to her tugged at her heartstring when she was reminded of the time Aubree had spent with the family.
Sonya sat down beside her and held her shoulders. "Take it easy, Aubree. Things are not set in stone yet."
The young woman smiled helplessly. "Mrs. Farwell, I know Lucian. Since he already made it clear that he is not interested in the engagement, there is not the slightest chance of going back. It's okay. You can still come and visit me if you feel lonely. You're like a mother to me."
Sonya felt even more touched when Aubree said that. She thought for a bit and assured her again, "Don't worry. No one knows about the breaking of the engagement yet, so there's still room for discussion. I'll talk to Lucian once he gets over his emotion."
Although Aubree felt delighted that she had gotten what she came for, she still put up a pitiful look and nodded reluctantly.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 296
Chapter 296 She Bets He Does Not Know
The pathetic look on Aubree's face faded the moment she came out of the Farwell residence. Her expression was bitter and spiteful as she got into the car.
Noticing her change in expression, Charles chose his words wisely. "Where to, Ms. Pearson?"
Aubree glanced at him coldly from the rearview mirror. "The office."
Just as Charles was about to pull off, Aubree grunted in annoyance. "You know what? Just go home!"
She was not in the mood to deal with the bunch of irritating people at the company.
Aubree had come to Sonya hoping Sonya would talk to Lucian immediately just as she always did whenever Aubree shed a few tears. Yet Aubree's trip proved to be fruitless when Sonya simply said she would discuss the matter with Lucian only when he had blown off some steam.
What she had promised to do was just not enough because, by the time Lucian cooled down, the news about him calling off the engagement would be made public.
That can never happen!
Resentment burned in Aubree's heart.
Roxanne Jarvis! It's all your fault! Ever since you came back, all Lucian and Essie can think about is you! I don't care if Essie wants to stay with you, but you can't have Lucian too! I will not let him take your side!
Her current predicament reminded her of how things were six years ago. Back then, Lucian would give Roxanne the cold shoulder because of her, but things had taken a one-hundred-and-eighty degree change after Roxanne returned. It was as if they had switched positions.
D*mn it! Something must have happened over the past six years.
Just as Aubree was caught in a bout of anger, Gina called, and Aubree picked up with a straight face.
"How did it go? Did you talk to Mrs. Farwell?" Gina asked the moment the call got through.
Aubree's face fell. "Yeah. I talked to her, but it didn't make any difference. I'd rather take things in my own hand!"
"Oh, what are you thinking of doing? It seems to me that Lucian has his mind fixed on marrying that woman. I don't think there's anything we can do to change that," Gina answered, slightly surprised by what her daughter said.
True. Aubree gritted her teeth.
There's nothing I can do if he's hellbent on marrying her. Pearson Group is nothing compared to Farwell Group. We're nothing but a small grasshopper compared to them. I don't have what it takes to change his mind.
"Well, since Essie is the reason why Lucian wants to end the engagement, why not we start with that girl?" Gina suggested.
Aubree suddenly had a stroke of genius when her mother gave such a brilliant suggestion.
"Aubree?" Gina was still waiting for an answer.
Aubree snapped back and quickly replied, "We'll talk after I reach home. Bye."
Then she hung up the phone and turned to Charles. "Go to the office and get someone to run a check on Roxanne Jarvis. I want a detailed account of what she's been up to in the past few years. Also, I want to know who the father of her two sons is."
What Gina had just said reminded Aubree that she actually knew so little about the two boys. She did not even know who their father was.
I bet Lucian doesn't know either. Roxanne would not have time to think about Lucian if I were to bring that man back from abroad. Likewise, Lucian will be disgusted by her when he finds out that she's already been taken by another man. Ha, Roxanne Jarvis! You're not getting Lucian if I'm not.
When Charles saw how Aubree's face contorted with malice, he said hastily, "Understood."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 297
Chapter 297 One Good Thing After Another
Unbeknownst to Roxanne, Aubree had begun to plot against her. She was too occupied with the research she had to do.
Her busyness was not entirely an excuse to send Estella home.
If the children had not insisted that she took a day off because of her injured wrist, she would not have taken a break from her research work.
Early the next morning, Roxanne was awakened by a call from her teammate. After a brief conversation, she rushed over to the research institute without even having the time to have a bite of breakfast.
The beginning and end phases of a research project were usually the hardest parts. At the start of the project, Roxanne had dedicated so much time to it that she would spend days at the research facility. Since they were then at the final stage of the project, things were picking up again.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Colby, who was still assisting Roxanne on the project, was alarmed when he saw the injury on her wrist while they were conducting an experiment. "Dr. Jarvis... Your hand..."
Roxanne was so engrossed in her work she had forgotten about her injury. It was not until she trailed Colby's gaze that she was reminded of it, and she smiled faintly, saying, "It's no big deal. It's just a scratch from an activity at my kids' kindergarten."
Colby was relieved to hear that it was not anything major. But still, he took over most parts of the experiment that he thought would be too physically demanding for Roxanne while she stood aside and gave him verbal instructions.
Their team dynamic was good, and they went on to carry out experiments for almost a week until they finally achieved the results they wanted.
The whole group in the lab was boisterous, and Roxanne was unequivocally glad that they got the results they intended.
Although she was already a practitioner of her own when she was abroad, most of the projects she participated in were under her professor. She was just a nominal independent researcher most of the time, but things were different this time.
That was the first ever research that she had directed on her own.
"Are you free tonight, Dr. Jarvis?" Colby inquired with a big smile as he walked toward her from the research facility.
The hesitation and the wariness in Roxanne's eyes when she heard the question elicited a laugh on Colby's face.
"What's with that look? I bet you forgot that you promised you'll treat all of us to a celebratory meal if the experiment goes well. Everyone is waiting for you to fulfill that promise," he teased.
A smile broke out on Roxanne's face. "Ah, all right. I'm sorry. I forgot about it. Tell everyone to meet at The Waterfront at eight tonight, then."
Colby nodded and went back into the research facility after that.
Not long after he entered, a burst of cheer came from the inside.
It seemed that everyone was overjoyed.
To them, that was a day worth celebrating because one good thing happened after another. First, they scored a major breakthrough when they completed such a formidable project. Second, Roxanne had agreed to treat everyone to a celebration feast.
After Roxanne went back to her office, she asked her assistant to make a reservation for a private dining room at The Waterfront before calling Madilyn to request her help to take care of Archie and Benny that night.
Roxanne had promised the two boys the night before that she would go and pick them up after the project ended. They were elated and even mentioned Estella when they heard the news.
Roxanne suddenly felt a pang of guilt in her heart the moment she was reminded of the girl.
She was certain that her sons must have informed Estella of her return that night. She's gonna be heartbroken now that I can't go home tonight.
"By the way, Maddy, help me say sorry to Estella if you see her tonight. Tell her I still have something to do over here," Roxanne added when she thought of the girl.
Madilyn was clueless about why Roxanne wanted to apologize, but she just agreed with a smile without probing further.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 298
Chapter 298 Let Me Send You Home
At eight that night, Roxanne and everyone from the research institute went to The Waterfront together.
After they were seated in the private room, they proposed a toast to Roxanne.
"Dr. Jarvis is a valuable addition to our research institute. Not only did she solve a huge medicinal problem, but she also initiated many projects. We are where we are today because of her!"
"I can't agree more. To be honest, I thought we would not be able to see this project through, yet we survived thanks to her caliber and courage. She's both a charming and a capable person!" Roxanne smiled widely at the compliments. She rose to her feet and looked at them.
"Thank you. I'm just doing my part. Thank you for believing in me and cooperating as a team." Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
When she first returned to the country, she was mostly unaware of the situation in the local research field. In fact, she had braced herself for the worst. She did not expect researchers to be that friendly and tha everything would turn out so smoothly.
"Well, your fame precedes you, Dr. Jarvis. Dr. Galloway said a lot of good things about you before you came, and we were all impressed. Everything he said about you proved to be true in the end when we finally got to meet you," one of the teammates replied.
Colby's expression changed when he heard that, but he quickly composed himself and feigned nonchalance, raising his glass to Roxanne. "I was simply saying the truth." With that said, he lifted his glass and finished everything in one go.
Roxanne felt Colby was not himself at that time, but because she could not pinpoint what was it that puzzled her, and since everyone was busy proposing a toast, the thought just slipped her mind. Meanwhile, Colby had been glancing at her from the corner of his eyes. When he saw that she did not seem bothered by what had happened earlier, he heaved a sigh of relief.
It was true that he had feelings for Roxanne, yet he knew that she was way out of his league. He only wished to hide his feelings from her until the day he became a man worthy of protecting her. The clock almost struck ten when their gathering finally ended.
Everyone was in a positive mood after the meal because not only did they eat their fill, but they also had a great time with Roxanne.
As for Roxanne, because she had received toast after toast during dinner, she ended up feeling tipsy.
The alcohol made her swoon as she walked out of the private room.
"Let me send you back," Colby said worriedly, looking at her.
A mild pain spread in her head, and she frowned. "I'm good. You don't have to. All of you should just go home. It's late. Bye!"
Then she turned and walked toward the entrance without waiting for Colby's reply.
When she was out, she realized the sky was pouring, and many people from the hotel were stranded at the entrance waiting for the rain to stop.
Because Roxanne did not have an umbrella and she could not drive, she had no choice but to wait at the entrance together with everyone else while she looked for a driver.
Yet it seemed that everyone there was also looking to hire drivers, so Roxanne ended up waiting for a long time.
Just as she was contemplating canceling her request for a driver and asking Madilyn to pick her up, a familiar voice rang out from beside her.
"Mr. Farwell, it's raining outside. I have an umbrella, so I'll just wait for you at the hotel entrance." It was Cayden. He was standing not far away from Roxanne with a black umbrella in his hand as he spoke respectfully over the phone.
It so happened that he looked up when Roxanne turned toward him, and their eyes met. "Ms. Jarvis!" he greeted while he was still on the phone.
A brief silence came from the other end of the call.
Roxanne's face fell. She knew for sure that Lucian had heard that.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 299
Chapter 299 Feeling Uneasy
Her change in color did not go unnoticed by Cayden, but the man could not understand the reason behind it. When he saw that Lucian had ended the call, he quickly walked over.
"Do you have an umbrella? Where's your car? I can send you home first before Mr. Farwell comes. He's going to take a while."
Cayden gestured to open the umbrella in his hand, but Roxanne stopped him.
"It's okay. Someone's picking me up."
Cayden nodded and just stood beside her quietly after that.
Seeing that the man was not going anywhere, Roxanne looked at the rain and hesitated as she distanced herself from him.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
The rain is abating. I should go before he comes down.
"Mr. Farwell! I thought you-" Cayden exclaimed.
Just as she took the first step into the rain, Lucian was already behind her.
Although Roxanne did not know why Cayden did not finish his sentence, she was too nervous to turn around to check out what was happening.
When she felt cold air engulfing her, she fled into the rain without a second thought.
Suddenly, the rain stopped hitting her head. A black umbrella sheltered her, and a strong grip caught her hand, pulling her right back to the hotel entrance. "Are you crazy?" Lucian reprimanded.
He knew that Roxanne would try to avoid him when he was on the call with Cayden, so he said goodbye to his partners and left in a hurry.
As he expected, she was indeed trying to run away.
Lucian felt insulted when she would rather walk in the rain than spend time with him.
When Roxanne knew there was no getting away, she took a deep breath and looked up at him calmly. "Hi, Mr. Farwell. What a coincidence."
Lucian did not know she was drunk at first, but the moment he smelled her breath, a frown appeared on his brows.
"Did you drink?"
"Yeah... I was having dinner with my colleagues."
"I'll send you home," Lucian said, his hand still holding hers.
Roxanne tried to break free, but she could not. A look of displeasure crept up her face. "No, thanks. Someone's coming for me. I can go back on my own. Let me go, Mr. Farwell. Please."
"Who are you waiting for? Your driver? I doubt you're getting one so soon, though," Lucian argued candidly, looking at the people around them.
Words eluded her, and she quickly thought of something else. "I called for one earlier. People are watching, Mr. Farwell. I don't want to cause a scene."
Lucian's face looked gloomier than before, and he let her go.
Roxanne nodded at him and walked into the rain.
Behind her, Lucian ran over in big steps with the umbrella tilting toward her.
"Your wound is not healed yet. Let me take you there!" he shouted in the rain.
Roxanne did not turn back but hastened her steps.
"Slowly! It's slippery," Lucian reminded at the back.
Even though Roxanne had an umbrella over her, she was still shivering in the rain because it was pouring cats and dogs. Her thin clothing was not enough to keep her warm. Besides, because Lucian was just right behind her, she kept telling herself to walk faster. "Well, I'll walk slowly if you stop following me," she said.
Behind her, the man's footsteps gradually came to a complete halt.
Without his umbrella, the rain pounded on Roxanne's body mercilessly as she dragged herself to the parking lot. She then sat in the back seat of her own car and waited for the driver.
Her mind was a mess. She wondered if God was playing a prank on her. The more she wanted to avoid Lucian, the more she ran into him.
Most importantly, the way he treated her made her feel uneasy.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 300
Chapter 300 Mommy Is Down With A Fever
When Roxanne finally got home, Madilyn had already brought Archie and Benny home, and the two kids were playing in the living room.
Seeing that Roxanne was drenched, they ran over with worry written all over their faces. "Mommy! Did you walk in the rain?"
Roxanne was exhausted, but she still patted them on their heads and replied, "I forgot my umbrella, so I got wet when I was running over to my car. I'll be okay."
After asking Lysa to tend to the children, Roxanne went upstairs to take a shower and changed into a new set of clothes.
Then, she came back down again to play with the boys before hitting the hay herself.
Since she had overextended herself in the past two days, Roxanne felt completely drained when she finally lay on her bed. She fell asleep right away, but in the middle of the night, she was awakened by a fever.
In a daze, she got out of bed to pour herself a glass of water, but her legs gave way the moment she stood up, and she fell right back onto the mattress.
A frown appeared on her brows as she slowly regained consciousness. I think I'm running a fever...
Since it was already midnight, she did not want to wake anyone up. I'll just sleep it off. It'll get better tomorrow.
With that thought, she fell back into a slumber.
When morning came, Archie and Benny rose early because they felt excited.
Lysa and Madilyn had been sending them to school because Roxanne had been busy for the past few days. When Roxanne was finally home again, they looked forward to her bringing them to school. However, they were disappointed when she did not appear even after breakfast.
Seeing that they were almost running late, they ran upstairs and knocked on her door, but no one answered.
The children ran back downstairs to call for Lysa. "Ms. Lane, Mommy is not responding to us. Could you come and have a look?"
Lysa was frightened when she heard that, so she quickly made her way up and opened the door with a key.
Once she opened it, Archie and Benny rushed into the room only to see Roxanne lying weakly in her bed.
Her eyes were shut, her cheeks were hot and red, and her lips were parched. It was obvious she was down with a high fever.
"Mommy!" the kids cried out. When Roxanne still did not respond, Lysa went forward.
She touched Roxanne's forehead, and her face darkened.
This is way worse than the last time she was sick. What should I do now? It doesn't seem like she will wake up anytime soon, and we can't send her to the hospital either... Lysa was on pins and needles.
When Archie saw this, he took a quick glance at the clock and said to Lysa, "Ms. Lane, could you help Benny and me apply for a leave of absence today? We'll take care of Mommy at home." Lysa nodded immediately and went to make a call to Pippa. Then she took a wet towel and put it on Roxanne's forehead to help cool her down.
As for the boys, they stayed by their mother's side for a long time until she finally came back to her senses.
Roxanne felt that she had fallen into a deep, deep sleep. She could not wake herself up although she wanted to. It was the voices of her children that eventually plucked her out of her reverie. "Mommy!" the children cried out and went closer to her the instant they saw her moving.
Roxanne was stunned at first, but she gradually registered her surroundings and wanted to sit up. "Sorry, I didn't mean to sleep in."
She was still thinking about sending Archie and Benny to school when the children pushed her back into bed.
"Mommy, you're sick. We've already asked for leave to stay at home to look after you today," they said in all seriousness.
It was only then that Roxanne realized how sick she was.
Roxanne felt touched that the children cared so much for her.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 301
Chapter 301 Going To Her House
Meanwhile, Estella had been waiting at the kindergarten entrance way before school started that morning, hoping she could see Roxanne, Archie, and Benny.
The brothers had told her the day before that Roxanne was finally coming home and would be fetching them to school.
The night before, she had also waited for Roxanne eagerly, but in the end, she only saw Madilyn.
She felt disappointed at first, yet when she knew that Roxanne had a message for her, she was comforted because it meant Roxanne still thought about her. That was the reason why she was not altogether upset, and she was looking forward to seeing Roxanne the next day.
However, not only did she not see Roxanne, but she also did not see the two brothers at school.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
That made her extremely sad.
"Essie! Come on in! It's almost time for school!" Pippa did not call out until school was about to start since she did not know what the kid was doing.
Estella pouted and shook her head in refusal.
"What's going on?" Pippa asked.
Ever since the child got lost in the mountain, the teacher had been paying extra attention to her because she felt sorry for the child.
Estella looked far away without answering. She was hoping the car she had waited for would show.
They are coming to school!
The girl stood waiting until the school bell rang, but there was still no sign of the people she wanted to meet.
Since Pippa could not get her to go in, she stood with the girl at the entrance and asked the other teachers to take over her class.
The recent trauma had made Estella lose her sense of security, so when she thought of Roxanne's attitude toward her and the boys' absence, she started tearing up.
Does this mean Ms. Jarvis doesn't want me anymore? Did she transfer Archie and Benny to another school? They almost went to another school last time...
Pippa was worried when she saw that the girl was about to break down. She bent down and tried to comfort her. "What's the matter, Essie? Why don't you tell me what you're upset about? I can help you." Estella bit her lip and took out her notebook before writing: Archie and Benny.
Pippa finally understood what Estella wanted. Ah, she was waiting for the boys! But she doesn't usually wait for them even when she comes to school early, though.
Pippa could not wrap her head around what Estella was thinking, yet she still patiently explained everything to the girl. "Archie and Benny are not coming today. Their mommy is sick, so they asked to stay home for a day," she said, patting Estella's head. "Why don't we go in first? They'll be here tomorrow."
Estella looked upset when she found out that Roxanne was ill.
She shook her head and retreated a few steps, trying to dodge Pippa's hand.
The teacher was confused, yet before she could even ask the girl anything, Estella turned and ran toward the Farwell family's car parked beside the road. "Essie!" Pippa shouted as she ran after the girl.
After Estella went missing the other time, Lucian had arranged for a driver to follow her around just in case she ran away again.
The driver was stupefied when she saw Estella running into the car with her teacher chasing her from behind.
The next thing he knew, Estella opened her mouth and spoke out of the blue. "Go to Ms. Jarvis' house!" she ordered in a compellingly cute voice.
The driver was stunned. A smile broke out on his face, and he nodded before driving away, ignoring the teacher who was chasing after them at the back. 
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 302
Chapter 302 She Came Alone
"Ms. Estella, have you told Mr. Farwell about this?" the driver asked.
It did not occur to him that he should ask until they were on the way.
When his question was met with dead silence, the driver knew he was in deep trouble.
She must've run away without telling him... I'm good as dead if Mr. Farwell finds out about it...
Thinking, the driver spared her a hesitant glance from the mirror. "How about I call him?"
"No," Estella said, shaking her head.
I don't want to tell him! He's the reason why Ms. Jarvis refused to let me stay the other time. She doesn't like Daddy. She won't even let me in if Daddy's around.
Since Estella was adamant about it, the driver did not push her. I'll just call Mr. Farwell when we reach.
Soon enough, they arrived at Roxanne's house.
Estella jumped out of the car right away, sprinted over to the door, and rang the doorbell.
Since everyone was upstairs looking after Roxanne, no one heard the doorbell.
The violent dinging slowed down as time passed when no one came to get the door. Estella was on the verge of crying again.
It was not until Lysa came downstairs to make Roxanne some oatmeal that she heard the doorbell.
She was perplexed when she saw the child at the door. "Essie! Are you here alone?"
"Ms. Lane..." she cried.
"Did you come alone?" Lysa inquired again.
Estella nodded furiously before poking her head in to see if Roxanne or the two boys were around. But to her dismay, she saw no one.
In front of her, Lysa hesitated for a while before stepping aside to let her in.
Having witnessed Roxanne sending Lucian and Estella away, Lysa was unsure about Roxanne's attitude toward them. But seeing that the girl had come alone, Lysa thought it would not be good to just send her away. Hence, she asked her to wait in the living room while she informed Roxanne about her visit.
"Did she come alone?" Roxanne asked in confusion. She looked sickly with her face flushed and pale lips cracked.
Lysa nodded. "She's waiting for you downstairs. Should I let her come up, or should I contact Mr. Farwell and ask him to get her?"
Because Roxanne was not feeling well, she had been taking longer to respond to everything.
Before she could answer, Archie and Benny had beaten her to it.
They knew how much Estella missed Roxanne, and since she had come alone, they figured they should just let her see Roxanne, or else she might feel so disheartened that she ran away again. On top of that, they were well aware that it was Lucian whom Roxanne was angry with, not Estella.
When they saw that Roxanne did not disagree, they quickly made a case for the girl. "Mommy, just let her in. She must've found out about it from Ms. Ward. That's why she came all the way here." Roxanne frowned and finally nodded.
She could not bring herself to let Estella wait all alone down there whenever the scene of the poor girl curling into a human ball in the pit flashed in her mind.
Since the boys had gotten a green light from Roxanne, they went downstairs to bring Estella up.
That was not the first time Estella went to Roxanne's room. In fact, she had stayed there for a long time before. Yet she still felt nervous.
It had been forever and a day since Estella saw the beautiful woman. Besides, she was ill.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 303
Chapter 303 She Left By Herself
"Ms. Jarvis..." At the sight of Roxanne lying on the bed with a sickly complexion, Estella felt tears welling up in her eyes again.
Estella's voice made Roxanne's heart melt. Seeing the little girl come running toward her bedside, she forced a smile. "I'm fine. Don't worry, Essie."
Like a pitiful kitten, Estella leaned by the bedside and stared at Roxanne with teary eyes.
Estella's gaze calmed Roxanne down significantly. "Why are you here alone?" Roxanne asked in a gentle voice.
"Ms. Ward says you're sick." Estella was close to tears.
Roxanne nodded and reached out to caress the little girl's head. "Thank you for caring so much about me, Essie."
Similarly, Estella also stretched her arm out, intending to touch Roxanne's forehead.
Roxanne had let them do a fever check by touching her forehead the other time. She could still vividly recall how Roxanne's forehead was burning then.
When Roxanne realized what Estella was trying to do, she tried to get up from the bed and move her head closer to the young girl. Nevertheless, unable to muster any strength in her arm, she had only propped herself up a little before she fell back onto the bed again.
Worry was written all over Estella's face.
Roxanne smiled apologetically. "If you're worried, how about you get on the bed too?"
Estella removed her shoes without hesitation and climbed up onto the bed to touch Roxanne's forehead lightly.
Panic filled the girl's eyes when her palm came into contact with Roxanne.
The other time when Ms. Jarvis had a fever, Daddy had to bring her to the hospital. She stayed there for a night before she recovered. But this time, Ms. Jarvis' forehead feels so much warmer. But she doesn't like Daddy and doesn't want Daddy here...
Meanwhile, Lucian was having a meeting in the office when he suddenly received a call from Pippa.
Catching a glimpse of the caller ID, he furrowed his brows. He got his assistant to preside over the meeting in his place and headed outside to answer the call.
"Essie left by herself, Mr. Farwell..." Pippa reported to Lucian anxiously.
The man's expression abruptly darkened when he heard that news. "What happened?"
Pippa was on tenterhooks. "She got into the Farwell family's car. I believe she wants to visit Ms. Jarvis. She asked me why Archie and Benny didn't come to school today. I told her Ms. Jarvis fell sick, and she immediately turned around and got into the car again. She likes Ms. Jarvis a lot...”
She dared not continue her sentence, as that was merely her conjecture. Deep down, she was concerned about Estella's whereabouts too.
The fact that Estella had gotten in their car made Lucian slightly relieved. However, having learned from Pippa that Roxanne was sick, he frowned. "What happened to Ms. Jarvis?"
Pippa responded, "I heard she's running a fever. Archie and Benny are taking care of her at home."
As soon as she finished speaking, Lucian's deep voice sounded from the other end. "I got it. Please excuse Essie from school today too. Thank you."
After Pippa agreed to the request, the man concluded the call and called Cayden over. "I'm heading over to Roxanne's. Help me get Dr. Elswick."
Sonny Elswick was the family doctor of the Farwell family. He had impressive medical skills but basically only worked for the family.
Cayden knew Lucian's motive for calling Sonny was to ask the latter to treat Roxanne. He was undoubtedly getting increasingly perplexed about Lucian's feelings toward Roxanne but still went ahead to agree to the instructions.
Sonny arrived relatively quickly. Lucian had waited for his arrival before heading to Roxanne's with him.
Having known Roxanne's attitude toward him lately, he figured she would possibly not let him into the house if he had gone there alone.
Hence, it was more than wise to bring a doctor along.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 304
Chapter 304 The Culprit
When the doorbell rang again, Archie and Benny instinctively turned to look at Estella. They quickly stopped Lysa from going downstairs to open the door and did it themselves instead.
Only one person will come to our house at this hour, and he must be the one looking for Essie.
Opening the door, Archie and Benny did not seem surprised at the sight of the man dressed crisply in a suit standing outside. Behind him, there was also a man holding a medical kit. The boys figured from the latter's appearance that he was a doctor.
"Where's Essie?" Seeing that it was Archie and Benny, Lucian felt a headache coming.
The boys' prejudice toward him, though unfathomable, was deep-rooted. I guess I won't be able to get in there easily today.
And as he had expected, the two boys blocked the entire path and stared at him with full alert. "Why are you here?"
Mommy surely doesn't want to see him. And now that she is sick, it will only make her more upset if she sees him now. That might even affect her current condition. Archie's and Benny's eyes glistened with conviction.
Lucian could see through Archie's and Benny's minds. He scrunched his brows helplessly and uttered, "I heard your mommy is sick, so I brought a doctor along." Finishing his words, he stood aside to make way for Sonny to step forward. "This is Dr. Elswick, the family doctor of the Farwell family," Lucian introduced.
Sonny flashed a warm smile and slightly nodded at Archie and Benny.
The two boys exchanged a look and turned back with a suspicious expression. "How did you find out that Mommy is sick?"
In a deep voice, Lucian responded, "Ms. Ward gave me a call earlier, informing me that Essie came to find your mommy."
Archie and Benny appeared a little hesitant.
After all, as much as they did not want to let Lucian step inside, he had brought a doctor along with him.
Seeing that Archie and Benny seemed to have relented, the man continued his persuasion by using Roxanne's condition as an excuse this round. "Your mommy only has you guys to take care of her. I'm sure she hasn't gone to the hospital yet. Why don't you let the doctor take a look at her? Perhaps she'll recover faster too. Dr. Elswick has impressive medical skills."
The raging emotions in Archie and Benny began to calm down at the mention of Roxanne's condition.
From morning till now, they had only acted according to Lysa's instructions to help Roxanne change the towel on her forehead frequently. Yet, there was no sign of the fever subsiding. Moreover, they had no way of taking Roxanne to the hospital since she had no energy and had been lying in bed all day.
This doctor has a bright smile. He seems to be a friendly and reliable person.
After some hesitation, Archie and Benny decided to put Roxanne's health first. Though reluctant, they turned and headed upstairs, leaving the door open for Lucian and Sonny. Heaving a sigh of relief, Lucian led Sonny and followed behind the two boys.
Upstairs, having not seen Archie and Benny return after a while, Roxanne was about to ask Lysa to head downstairs to check on them when they appeared by the door.
Noticing the expression on their faces, Roxanne immediately knew who the visitor was.
Other than Lucian, no one can make the kids pull such a long face. But then again, what made him come here at this hour?
She figured she was running a fever because she was drenched in the rain last night.
And the culprit of her predicament was none other than Lucian.
Wasn't I clear enough? I hope he can keep his distance from me. Yet now he's appearing when I'm so weak...
Roxanne could not think of what kind of attitude she should put on in front of Lucian within such a short time. In her heart, she kept praying hard that he was merely there to fetch Estella home. 
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 305
Chapter 305 Overtired
Just as Roxanne was stumped, the man's figure appeared in the doorway.
Join Telegram Group For Fast update and Novel Query
Upon seeing the woman on the bed, Lucian furrowed his brows.
With just a glance, he could already see that the woman's fever was worse than the previous time.
"Mr. Farwell." When Roxanne realized she could not avoid him anymore, she had no choice but to greet him in an aloof tone. However, that was all she did before averting his eyes, for she did not intend to speak much to him.
When Lucian sensed that the woman was still trying to keep a distance from him, his eyes darkened. Then, he turned to the side to say to Sonny, "Please take a look at her."
Sonny nodded in response and stepped forward to give Roxanne a checkup.
Roxanne knitted her brows when she saw the unfamiliar man appear in her bedroom. But as her mind was fuzzy from the fever, she could not react in time to his action.
"This is the Farwell family's family doctor. I brought him over to take a look at you," Lucian said in a low voice.
A trace of resistance appeared in Roxanne's eyes.
The Farwells' family doctor is here to give me a checkup? What's going on?
"It's fine. I'm a doctor myself. I know what my condition is," she coldly rejected. "If it's serious, I'll go to the hospital myself."
Lucian furrowed his brows and tried to make her drop the tough act. "If you can get up, will you be talking to me while lying down now?"
Roxanne was taken aback.
As her fever was high, she had no strength. Moreover, she could not get Lysa in time to help her up into a sitting position when Lucian entered.
If she were to force herself upright immediately, she would only expose her condition to him.
Yet, she did not know how to accept Lucian's goodwill.
Just as she was contemplating how she should reject him, the man uttered, "Essie will be in a bad mood while you're sick. What happened previously has already made her condition unstable. I don't want her to be affected again."
The girl at the side went along with his words and nodded fervently. She grabbed Roxanne's arm and said with concern, "Ms. Jarvis, doctor."
The girl's eyes were still red, and so was the tip of her nose. The sight of her ached Roxanne's heart.
Roxanne simply could not bring herself to say no after how he had used Estella as an excuse and after seeing the look on the girl's face.
After a few seconds of silence, Roxanne finally agreed to it.
The two boys, Archie and Benny, were relieved to see their mother agree to let the doctor give her a checkup.
They were afraid that their mother would resist the doctor alongside their father.
When Archie and Benny saw Sonny walking over, they quickly stepped aside to give him space.
After a thorough checkup, Sonny turned to report to Lucian, "Ms. Jarvis is having a fever because she has been overtiring herself recently. That's why her immune system has weakened. Moreover, she caught a cold, and that's why she's burning up so badly. I must go back to prepare to give Ms. Jarvis a drip."
Lucian nodded before letting his gaze land on the woman on the bed. Regret tinged the look in his eyes.
Roxanne had only caught a cold because she had been drenched by the rain the night before.
He was partly to blame-the rain had been heavy, and he should have insisted on sending her to the parking lot.
He also could have handed her the umbrella, as he would have been fine going under the rain for a while.
When Roxanne sensed his gaze, she lowered her eyes, not wanting to look at him.
She, too, knew that she was having a fever because of the tough act she had put up the day before.
Maybe he thinks that I'm only making things worse for myself with that false bravado.
A sense of self-deprecation danced across Roxanne's mind at that thought.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 306
Chapter 306 Care For The Entire Night
Not long after, Sonny entered from outside with the items needed for Roxanne's IV drip.
After setting up everything and inserting the needle into Roxanne's hand, Sonny turned to say to Lucian, "Ms. Jarvis will need to undergo a longer IV therapy than usual. She might need someone to look after her and change the IV bag."
Hearing that, Roxanne quickly said, "Lysa, I'll have to trouble you tonight."
Naturally, Lysa would not reject her. Just as she was about to reply to Roxanne, someone interrupted her, "I'll stay."
The moment those words were out of his mouth, the expressions of everyone in the room changed.
Lysa was surprised as she remembered how averse Roxanne had been to keeping Lucian in the house. Even the two boys were not too willing to have Lucian stay. However, Lucian was the one who brought the doctor, so Lysa could not say much about the matter.
She cast a stumped look at Roxanne.
Roxanne drew her brows together. "There's no need for that; just having Lysa change the IV bags for me will be fine. Mr. Farwell, you're a busy man, so it's best for you not to waste your time here."
Archie and Benny chimed in, "We'll help take care of Mommy, so thank you, but no thank you on your offer, Mr. Farwell."
They only wanted the doctor to give their mother a checkup; it did not mean that they were going to let their father stay.
In contrast, Estella was a little disappointed.
If her father were to go back, she surely would not be able to stay either.
She was worried sick about Roxanne.
Lucian swept his gaze across Estella's face before his eyes drifted back to Roxanne. "Essie surely won't come home willingly with me with how sick you are, and I won't be at ease letting her stay alone. So I'm going to stay tonight no matter what. Lysa, please bring the kids to rest."
Lysa looked at Roxanne dubiously.
Roxanne was looking at the girl beside her.
Estella was pursing her lips, and Roxanne could see the worry the girl had for her. Estella muttered in her high-pitched voice, "I won't go if Ms. Jarvis isn't well."
With that, she lay down on the side of the bed and clung to Roxanne's arm.
It was Estella's first time cuddling up to Roxanne.
Thus, Roxanne could not bring herself to ask the girl to leave.
Furthermore, she was sick. Lucian was definitely not going to leave after a brief persuasion from her.
A beat later, Roxanne gave Lucian a silent agreement to stay.
At that, Lucian's gaze softened. After asking Sonny the things he should pay attention to, he went downstairs to send the doctor away before returning and sitting silently on the couch in Roxanne's room. The children stayed close to the bed and chatted with Roxanne.
Soon, Roxanne felt groggy and fell asleep.
Lucian asked Lysa to bring the children to rest while he stayed behind to take care of her.
As he had to pay attention to the volume in the IV bag, Lucian barely slept a wink that night.
The next morning when Roxanne woke up, she was still a little dazed. It took her a few seconds before she recalled that Lucian had stayed back to take care of her the entire night.
Roxanne raised her head to glance at the IV bag, only to realize that her IV therapy was done. Lucian had taken a chair to sit by the side of her bed, and his hand was holding onto her wrist to stop Roxanne's hand from moving while she slept.
Perhaps she had instinctively moved her hand when she woke up, for the man's eyes slowly opened. She could see that his eyes were bloodshot, and it was clear that he did not rest much the night before. When the two pairs of eyes met, Roxanne blinked and quickly averted her eyes.
"How do you feel?" came the man's slightly hoarse voice.
Only then did Roxanne turn back to look at him. "I'm much better. Thank you, Mr. Farwell."
Compared to the day before, Roxanne could feel her strength returning.
Lucian inclined his head. He knew that she did not wish to speak much to him, so he only informed her about the reminders Sonny had told him. He then stood up and left the place with Estella. After Estella made sure that Roxanne had recovered, she obediently went back with her father.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 307
Chapter 307 Some Difficulties
When Lucian left Roxanne's place, the look on the two passersby by the road outside Roxanne's house changed, and they took out their phones to make a call.
Right as Aubree reached the office and was about to hold a morning meeting, she received a call. She frowned and instructed Charles to preside over the meeting instead before going into her office to pick up the call.
"Ms. Pearson, we've been keeping an eye outside Roxanne's residential area for a few days. Mr. Farwell and Ms. Estella have come by her place yesterday and only left this morning," said the man on the other end of the call the moment the call went through.
Aubree's expression darkened drastically.
Ever since Lucian told her that he wanted to break off the engagement, she had sent men to spy on Roxanne-she wanted to know how close Lucian was to the other woman.
To her surprise, despite days of spying, the people she hired had only seen Lucian visit Roxanne's place once, and he had always left quickly.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Initially, she thought she had made the wrong speculation.
However, not only did Lucian visit Roxanne's place again, but he even spent the night there this time.
Aubree instructed the two, "Keep watching. Pay extra attention to the men who enter Roxanne's house."
The two promised to do exactly that.
After ending the call, Aubree stared at the documents on the table expressionlessly for a long time. All of a sudden, she leaped to her feet and swept everything to the ground. Lucian has actually spent the night at Roxanne's place! How intimate are they now? They stayed in a room together during the kindergarten's parent-and-child activity too!
Aubree could still remember what Lucian had said to her back then. He had said that there were not enough rooms.
However, she was starting to think that Lucian had lied to her at that time.
That b*tch Roxanne! She quietly left back then, but now that she's back, she's actually clinging to Lucian shamelessly! Aubree was livid.
Before Pearson Group's morning meeting ended, someone suddenly opened the conference room door.
The executive members of the company whipped their heads toward the doorway in unison. They wondered who in the world had just opened the door. Their confusion only increased after they saw the person in the doorway.
Ms. Pearson?
"That's it for the morning meeting," Aubree announced, her expression grim.
Then, before the executives could react to it, she turned to Charles and said, "I need to talk to you."
Charles dared not dawdle at the sight of her grave expression. He quickly stood up and went to her office with her.
"What's the progress of the matter I asked you to look into? Who is the biological father of those two children?" Aubree asked, her voice laced with madness.
I can't wait any longer. I won't let that b*tch get what I can't get so easily.
At the mention of that, Charles creased his forehead.
When Aubree received no answer for a long while, she picked up a file and threw it at Charles. "I'm talking to you! Are you deaf?"
Charles had long gotten used to her bad temper, but his heart still lurched as he cautiously replied, "Ms. Pearson, I... I'm having trouble looking into this.”
"What do you mean?"
Charles lifted his head to glance at her face. When he saw the fury on her face, he quietly lowered his head again. "It seems that someone has deliberately erased her records overseas. Our men have racked their brains to dig out something, but our efforts have been to no avail."
Aubree's expression darkened even more.
The atmosphere in the office was tense.
Charles did not even dare to even take a breath.
A beat later, Aubree's voice sounded out again. "I don't care what methods you use; I want you to keep looking. I refuse to believe that she can hide everything!"
Charles promptly reassured her that he would do that.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 308
Chapter 308 Only That Man
Although Roxanne's fever had gone down, Archie and Benny were still worried, so they made their mother stay at home for another two days.
Once she was fully recovered, she sent the two children to kindergarten in the morning. Just as she got into her car and was about to drive to the research institute, her phone suddenly rang.
After taking a glance at the caller ID, she realized it was a call from Harvey, her professor.
Thinking that he was calling about the project, Roxanne quickly picked up the call and asked, "Professor Lambert, what's the matter?"
Harvey sounded solemn. "Did you offend someone?"
Roxanne was baffled by his words. "What do you mean?"
"It seems that someone has been looking into your matters during your time overseas," Harvey said to her grimly. "That's why I'm asking if you offended anyone in the country. The other party seems to be keen to cause a scene with what happened during your time out of the country."
Roxanne's heart sank. "Is it possible to find out who it is?"
"I'm afraid not. You should know that my influence is mainly over medical affairs. The other party has more influence than me, and I really can't find out who's behind this for now."
Roxanne bit her lower lip as a thought flashed past her mind.
Lucian had once expressed his curiosity about her overseas experiences back when she was treating Alfred.
Furthermore, Lucian had also asked her multiple times who Archie and Benny's biological father was after getting to know the two boys.
Now that he has spent so much time with the boys, is he starting to doubt the boys' background? Is that why he's making investigations overseas? Professor Lambert has also said that the other party has more power than him.
That thought made panic surge in Roxanne's chest.
If he really finds out about something, will he take Archie and Benny away from me?
The more Roxanne thought about it, the tenser her voice became. "Do you know what he's looking into?"
Harvey replied, "I can sense that the other party's very interested in your social life over the past few years. They've been looking into the people you interacted with."
I knew it.
Roxanne pinched her palm and used the pain to calm herself. "Then... have they found out anything?"
If Lucian has really found out about something, I have to prepare myself for the confrontation.
Harvey reassured softly, "Although I don't have the power to reverse the investigation, I can stop them from looking further into this. After realizing that someone was looking into your matters, I did everything I could to hide what happened to you over the last few years. I don't think they've found out about anything yet."
Roxanne let out a heavy sigh of relief and expressed her gratitude to Harvey. "Thank you."
Harvey replied noncommittally, "It's nothing. You should be more careful. You have me to take care of you overseas, but now that you're in charge of the research institute, you need to be extra cautious when you do anything. Otherwise, you might accidentally cross someone."
Roxanne bit her lower lip.
She did not recall crossing anyone in the past. The only one who would look into her past matters was that man.
However, that was something she saw no need to tell Harvey about.
"I got it. Thank you, Professor Lambert. There's something I'd like to trouble you with," Roxanne said after a few seconds of silence.
Harvey swiftly agreed to that. "Speak your mind."
Roxanne continued, "Regardless of everything, please keep Archie and Benny's history a secret; please don't let anyone know about how I was already pregnant when I left the country..."
If the other party finds out that I was pregnant when I left the country, they'll easily find out who the father of the children is.
Harvey did not probe further and agreed to her request.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 309
Chapter 309 No Hope
At Pearson Group, Charles was standing in front of Aubree with a frown as he said, "Ms. Pearson, there's someone overseas who's intentionally stopping us from looking into Roxanne's matter, especially the ones regarding the two children, so-"
Aubree cut him off before he could finish, "So you found nothing!"
Charles fell silent.
The atmosphere in the office was tense for a moment.
Aubree stared at him for a long time before she said through clenched teeth, "What use are you lot when you can't even find anything after so long?"
Before Charles could respond to her, she snarled, "Get lost!"
Charles instantly turned to leave.
Aubree huffed in anger as she watched the office door close.
It had been days since Lucian himself had told her that he wanted to break off the engagement, yet she still had not gotten anything to blackmail Roxanne with.
If Lucian spreads the news about us breaking off our engagement, it's highly likely that b*tch is going to be the future Mrs. Farwell. That b*tch was the one who stole my spot six years ago, and six years later, she's still haunting me! I've already been embarrassed by how Lucian has broken off our engagement.
If the same person steals Lucian from me again, others are definitely going to see me as a laughingstock! No! No matter what, I'm not going to let Roxanne become Mrs. Farwell. After sitting in her office for some time, Aubree narrowed her eyes and called Sonya.
Sonya had just finished her breakfast. When she received a call from Aubree, she could not help but think about the words she had said a few days ago, and guilt washed over her. She had said that she was going to help convince Lucian to change his mind after Lucian calmed down, but she had not had the chance to talk to her son for the past two days. Sonya felt apologetic when she picked up the call, and her voice was audibly kinder. "Aubree, it's quite early for you to call. Did something happen?"
Despite the scowl on Aubree's face, she said in a soft voice, "Mrs. Farwell, do you not like me anymore?"
Hearing that, Sonya frowned. "What are you talking about? How can I not like you?"
As Aubree suppressed the rising resentment in her, she muttered sorrowfully, "But you haven't called me for the past few days. I thought you have forgotten about me after Lucian said he wanted to break off the engagement."
Aubree sounded miserable, but it was nothing too surprising for Sonya.
Sonya's guilt only amplified at that. She let out a quiet sigh before saying, "I've just been a little busy lately. Moreover, your matter with Lucian..."
At that, Sonya paused for a few seconds before consoling Aubree again, "Don't worry. I'll definitely have a talk with Lucian about this. Your engagement with him can't just be broken off like this."
Just as she finished saying that, Aubree's voice, tinged with bitterness, sounded. "Mrs. Farwell, haven't I told you this before? I think of you like my mother. Even without Lucian in the picture, I'll still respect and admire you.
As for my engagement with Lucian... He has already made his decision. I, too, know that Lucian's not an easy person to convince, so I don't have any hope for that anymore. All I can hope is for our relationship to still be the same as before."
Sonya's heart ached, and she whispered, "Of course."
A hint of disdain flashed past Aubree's eyes, but she still said, "When are you free, Mrs. Farwell? I'd like to buy some new clothes, and I wish to seek your opinion about them."
Sonya smiled and answered, "This weekend, perhaps."
Aubree agreed to it. She then flattered Sonya a little longer before she ended the call.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 310
Chapter 310 Future Mother Of Estella
A ruthless look crossed Aubree's face after she ended the call. She then made another call and said a few words to the person on the other end of the line.
That day was a weekend, and Aubree drove to the Farwell residence early in the morning.
Sonya was in the middle of her breakfast when Aubree came in. Almost immediately, Sonya smiled at her. "You're early. Have you had your breakfast? Do you want to sit down and eat something?" Aubree shook her head. "No, thank you. I've come to pick you up."
Sonya did not insist. As she ate her breakfast, she chatted away with Aubree.
After Sonya finished her breakfast, Aubree brought her to the shopping district. Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
"Mrs. Farwell, how has Essie been?" Aubree asked nonchalantly when they were on their way to their destination. "I'm worried about her. But after that day, I haven't been able to meet her." Sonya's expression turned solemn at the mention of Estella. "That incident has frightened Essie. Moreover, her condition has been unstable recently. I really don't know what I can do for her." Estella's autism had been ongoing for years. According to her psychiatrist, the girl was not born with autism, so the chances of her getting cured were high-it just depended on whether Estella wanted to cooperate with the treatment plan.
However, Estella's condition did not improve. Evidently, it was because she did not want to work with them.
Her condition only improved when Roxanne appeared.
Sonya had always felt that the girl refused to work with the treatment plan because she lacked motherly love.
Therefore, partially for Estella's condition, Sonya had been urging Lucian to marry Aubree quickly. That way, there would be a woman taking care of Estella, and Estella would have a mother.
A while back, Estella's condition had finally improved, but she had returned to her old self after the incident.
Moreover, Sonya did not want Estella to get close to Roxanne.
After mulling over it, she felt that she would be more at ease if her son were to be with Aubree.
With that thought in mind, Sonya turned to glance at Aubree in relief.
When Aubree looked at Sonya, she put on a self-blaming look. "This is all my fault. Essie was getting better. No wonder Lucian doesn't want to be with me. I'm too careless with kids."
In just a few words, Aubree had attributed the incident of how she had lost the girl to carelessness.
She studied Sonya's expression from the corner of her eye.
When Sonya saw that she was still blaming herself for the incident despite it being days ago, she frowned and said, "You didn't do anything wrong. How could Lucian be with Roxanne? You did that for their own good, but Essie's too stubborn. Technically, we're the ones who spoiled her."
Upon seeing that Sonya had no intention of blaming her at all, Aubree curled her lips mockingly before quickly tucking them away. She answered kindly, "Girls should be spoiled. Essie's so cute and sweet. If I have a daughter like Essie, I will definitely spoil her too."
Her words made Sonya even more certain that she would take good care of Estella in the future, so she smiled trustingly. "Don't worry. To me, you're Essie's future mother. I'll have a talk with Lucian." Aubree smiled and did not say anything.
She did not have high hopes for Sonya to convince Lucian.
After all, it was almost impossible that Lucian would heed Sonya's words.
Aubree was going to have to rely on herself to achieve her goal.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 311
Chapter 311 Come Out And Apologize
Slowly, the car stopped in the parking lot near the commercial area.
Aubree held Sonya's arm closely as they left the parking lot.
While shopping around, Aubree didn't mention Lucian at all. It was as if she had let go of their marriage.
It was already nearing noon when they came out of the shopping mall with many bags in their hands.
"I booked a table at a restaurant with good reviews on the internet. I think you'll like it," Aubree proposed smilingly.
Although Sonya didn't verbally respond, Aubree took it as an affirmation.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Since the restaurant wasn't around the commercial area, they headed toward the parking lot to get their car.
Shockingly, a car emerged and sped toward them as soon as they arrived at the parking lot entrance.
They were startled for a while and quickly stepped aside to make way.
Initially, they thought the car would leave the parking lot in seconds. However, before they could steady themselves, the car turned around and sped toward them.
As they had retreated to a corner, they had no way to avoid it.
Sonya was traumatized, and the bags fell from her hands to the floor.
Meanwhile, Aubree also gaped in shock.
Sonya instinctively closed her eyes as the car sped toward them at lightning speed.
Suddenly, Aubree's cracked voice rang in her ears. "Mrs. Farwell, watch out!"
The next moment, Aubree grabbed her arm and pushed her away.
Sonya didn't have time to react to it and stumbled a few steps before she steadied herself.
Her mind had gone blank, and thus she couldn't process what had happened earlier.
When someone shrieked in pain, she finally came to her senses and opened her eyes.
The car barely screeched to a halt and had already turned sideways.
Beside the car, the pale-faced Aubree lay on the floor with a hand on her shoulder. One could tell that she likely suffered great pain.
"Aubree!" Sonya hastily came up to Aubree to check up on her. "Does it hurt? I'll call an ambulance now!"
With a grim expression, Aubree smiled at Sonya and replied, "I'm relieved because you're fine. Anyway, there's no need to call an ambulance. I think... my injury isn't serious. Don't worry." With that, Aubree held Sonya's arm to try to get up.
Nonetheless, she didn't realize she couldn't move her injured arm. She collapsed once she wanted to stand up, and her face turned paler.
Sonya carefully helped her up. Looking at her injured arm, Sonya said heartbreakingly, "I think your bone might be broken. Alas, it all happened because of me. The car wouldn't have hit you if you didn't save me."
Holding her injured arm, Aubree almost couldn't speak due to the pain. Then, she glanced sideways at the car and mustered up her energy to ask, "Hey, you've hit someone. Why haven't you come out and apologize?"
Since the parking lot was quiet, her weak voice echoed throughout the area.
Sonya came to her senses once Aubree finished and gazed at the driver's seat. Just as she wanted to say something, the driver slowly started the car.
Instantly, a glint of fear flashed across her face.
However, the car turned around, sped toward the entrance of the parking lot to flee the scene, and disappeared before Sonya could react to it.
When Sonya wanted to call the police, Aubree held the former's arm and murmured, "Mrs. Farwell, is my arm broken?"
Aubree's eyes were bloodshot, probably because she was in pain.
Therefore, Sonya ignored the hit-and-run driver and supported Aubree into the car to drive her to the hospital.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 312
Chapter 312 Pack Your Things
When they were on the way to the hospital, Sonya quickly called Lucian.
Soon, Lucian answered the phone and asked, "Mom, did something come up?"
"Please contact the hospital for me. We almost got into a serious car accident just now. Aubree's arm got injured when she saved me."
Lucian agreed to it right away.
After that, Sonya called Gina and Samuel to inform them about what happened to Aubree.
They nervously asked her for the hospital's name before ending the call.
Lucian was always efficient. A doctor was already waiting at the entrance when Sonya and Aubree arrived at the hospital.
"Mrs. Farwell, Ms. Pearson, please come with me." After briefly checking up on Aubree's injury, the doctor led them to his department upstairs.
With a pale face, Aubree supported her arm for the doctor to examine.
Despite the pain, she thought it was worth it because she did it for Sonya.
After all, Sonya's feelings of guilt and gratitude were written all over her face.
After the incident that day, Aubree believed Sonya would unconditionally side with her.
During the check-up, Lucian, Gina, and Samuel also arrived.
"Mom, are you all right?" Lucian scanned Sonya from head to toe as soon as he saw her standing near the door.
Sonya still felt unsettled and worried about Aubree. With a gloomy look, she shook her head and replied, "Since Aubree pushed me away, I'm safe. However, Aubree got injured."
Once Sonya finished, Aubree's grumbling was heard, probably because the doctor touched her wound during the check-up.
Sonya couldn't help but feel heartbroken as if she was experiencing the pain.
Meanwhile, Gina and Samuel were like cats on a hot tin roof because they hadn't seen their daughter. Upon hearing Aubree's grumble, Gina couldn't help but ask Sonya, "What happened?"
Sonya's face looked gloomier once she recalled the incident in the parking lot. "When Aubree and I were walking to the parking lot, a car seemingly lost control and was about to hit us. Aubree managed to push me away but was hit by it."
Before Gina and Samuel wanted to dwell on it, Lucian interrupted, "Where is the driver?"
Sonya frowned and replied, "He fled the scene."
Everyone was shocked to hear that.
Feeling furious, Gina stood at the door with her hands on her waist. "How could the driver run away after hitting someone? Did you report it to the police? He must be arrested and punished!" To her surprise, Sonya shook her head in embarrassment.
She was too occupied with admitting Aubree to the hospital and didn't have time to report to the police.
In the meantime, Lucian frowned and glanced at Gina and Samuel with a glint of suspicion.
He could tell that they knew nothing about the incident. Besides, Gina was infuriated and yelled that the authorities had to arrest the driver.
After a while, Lucian looked away and said in a deep voice, "Leave it to me. No worries."
Whether the driver did it intentionally or not, he would not let him off the hook.
Then, Lucian nodded at the elders and walked to a corner to call Cayden. After asking him to report the incident to the police, Lucian also instructed him to get some men to investigate it. Cayden agreed to do it without hesitation.
Aubree's check-up had completed after Lucian finished assigning everything.
As soon as the doctor asked them to come in, Gina and Samuel rushed into the room, followed by Sonya.
Lucian leisurely followed them while having doubts about the incident.
Deep down, he couldn't help but think it was too much of a coincidence.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 313
Chapter 313 Do Not Mind It
Upon entering the consultation room, Lucian saw Aubree's exposed shoulder, along with a bandage around her shoulder.
Gina and Sonya were standing next to Aubree, staring at the doctor. "Doctor, how's Aubree's injury? Is it serious?"
The doctor took a glance at Lucian, who had just arrived at the door. Then, he turned back to explain to the ladies. "Apart from fracturing a bone in her arm, Ms. Pearson is all right. She just needs to rest for a period of time and let it heal. By the way, there's quite a bit of abrasion on her shoulder, and some wounds are slightly deep. I'm afraid some scars will remain on the affected area."
Everyone was stunned at his words.
Gina was the first to recollect herself. She hung her head low and gazed at her daughter's bandaged shoulder in disbelief. "Is the injured area big?"
The doctor nodded.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Aubree, on the other hand, sat quietly on the chair. Despite her unfazed expression, she was filled with frustration.
She indeed had intended to put on a ruse to garner sympathy. Never in a million years would she have thought that a severe mishap would befall her.
During the check-up, the doctor had already informed her about it. She also witnessed her open wounds before they were swathed in gauze. It was a downright ghastly sight!
With things having come to this, there was no way she could turn back time and change the outcome.
The only thing Aubree regretted was letting the doctor cover up her wounds too fast. She was hoping that Sonya could see the lacerations suffered with her own eyes. This was so that Sonya would feel extremely terrible about it.
Although Sonya did not get to see Aubree's wounds, she was stricken with guilt when she heard what the doctor said. "Don't you have a way to ensure that no scars are left behind? Please do so, regardless of the cost."
The doctor was put in a difficult spot. "Actually, there's one solution. However, it may require Ms. Pearson to bear some hardships."
"What is it?" Gina asked hastily.
"Ms. Pearson can consider going through a skin transplant surgery once her wounds are healed. I can refer you to a hospital that guarantees a perfect outcome," the doctor suggested.
Gina sulked when she heard that. "What's the point? The surgery will only cover up the scars. What about the areas where the skin is replaced? Won't there be scars too? My daughter was perfectly well until this happened, leaving so many scars on her body-"
Aubree's brows snapped together upon noticing that her mother got all worked up and started to argue with the doctor. Hence, she cut Gina off, "It's okay, Mom. It's just a few scars. Anyway, they aren't located on my face. I'll just have to wear clothes with sleeves more often. It's not a big deal."
Thereafter, Aubree's gaze swept across Sonya's face.
The latter's guilt turned more and more intense as she realized how understanding Aubree was. "Aubree got hurt because she wanted to save me. Don't you worry; I'll bear all the consequences."
It suddenly dawned on Gina that Aubree had a hidden agenda. Immediately, she played along by putting on a sorrowful expression and lamented, "I'm not too worried about the scars. What bothers me the most is how other people will view Aubree. She's not getting any younger. With those scars on her body... Will she be able to get married? Will her future partner accept her?" Gina's eyes gradually turned red as she got emotional.
At that moment, Aubree was relieved. She pretended to comfort her mother. "Don't worry, Mom. I believe that the person who truly loves me won't mind these scars. It's just like..."
Then, Aubree instinctively glanced at Sonya and displayed a dejected expression.
Even though she did not finish her sentence, the others knew exactly what she wanted to say.
It's just like my unrequited love for Lucian over the years. I don't mind that he has never paid any attention to me.
Sonya was moved to tears. She turned and stared at her son. Then, she said to him earnestly, "I caused Aubree to get injured. During her recovery, you ought to take good care of her on my behalf in order to repay Aubree for her kindness."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 314
Chapter 315 That Was Not What I Meant
When he was done with all the paperwork, Lucian strode toward the ward.
He received a call from Cayden the moment he was about to open the door.
So, he stopped in his tracks and answered, "What is it? Is the driver caught?"
With a grim expression, Cayden reported some updates. "Mr. Farwell, we've checked all the footage from nearby surveillance cameras, but to no avail. That driver hid very well. We have a hard time trying to identify his face. We caught a few suspects, but we couldn't put the finger on anyone."
Lucian's eyes dimmed when he heard that. "What about the police?"
According to Mom, the incident happened right under the noses of the public. How is it possible that they have no clue about the culprit?
Cayden said solemnly, "It's the same with the police. A few suspects have been arrested for further interrogation. Anyhow, I don't think it's any of them."
"I see. Keep investigating," Lucian uttered briefly, to which Cayden obeyed hastily.
After hanging up, Lucian had a serious look on his face.
The incident happened in public, and yet no one is able to catch the culprit red-handed. If what Cayden said was true, the person must have orchestrated the plan extremely well in order to keep it under wraps Then, something fishy must be going on behind the scenes.
Just as he was in deep thought, the door to the ward opened, and Sonya walked out of the room. She complained the moment she saw him standing outside, "What took you so long? I came out to look for you. Hurry up and get inside."
Lucian gathered his thoughts and followed his mother into the room.
Aubree was resting on the bed with the Walkers couple by her side.
Her injuries were undoubtedly quite severe. Though they had been treated and bandaged, she was still suffering from throbbing pain to the point where her face turned pale.
She had been leading a life of luxury and never experienced any serious injuries.
This time, she truly had given her all to obtain the ultimate trust from Sonya.
When Lucian walked in, Aubree dismissed her thoughts and plastered a faint smile on her face. "You're back, Lucian."
Lucian looked at her and nodded.
Right before Aubree could say anything, he queried, "Did you see the face of the driver who hit you?"
Aubree was startled by his question. She tried to stay calm and answer casually, "Mrs. Farwell and I were panic-stricken at that time. All we could think of was to protect ourselves first. There was no time for us to take a look at the driver."
While speaking, her face turned ghastly as if she had recalled a terrifying memory.
Sonya chimed in, "Yes, everything happened so quickly. We were scared to death! Who would be bothered to check the driver out at that critical moment? By the time we gathered ourselves, he had already sped off."
Lucian nodded.
He was just trying his luck despite knowing that he could hardly get any useful information from the duo.
"Are you suspecting me as the mastermind who put up this show?" Aubree asked in a contemptuous tone while gazing at him, feeling aggrieved.
Without waiting for a response from Lucian, Sonya turned sullen and reprimanded her son, "Do you even know how dangerous it was? Is Aubree out of her mind to bring this upon herself? Moreover, she was the one who thought about asking the driver to get out of his car to apologize. If she was behind all these, why would she want the driver to expose his face?"
Lucian could not help feeling a headache coming. "Don't get all stressed out. That's not what I meant. I was just asking."
Sonya felt very strongly about Aubree being misunderstood. She continued, "You can doubt and accuse me of what had happened. However, you cannot make any dubious assumption about Aubree!" After personally experiencing a scary episode, Sonya had complete trust in Aubree.
Lucian nodded indifferently. Yet, his gut feeling was telling him that something felt very off.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 315
Chapter 316 Troublesome
Sonya and the others continued to keep Aubree company in the ward.
Aubree was actually tired of her presence. She only used Sonya to get close to Lucian. Now that the man had agreed to stay back for her, she started getting impatient that the seniors kept lingering around in the room, having no intention to leave. Despite so, she still put on a pleasant expression, pretending to be a goody two shoes.
"Aubree, you're the patient. Therefore, you should just stay in bed these two days and get Lucian to run errands for you."
Sonya stroked the cast on Aubree's arm.
She had enough of Sonya's never-ending words of concern. With a fake smile, she replied, "Thanks for the thoughts, Mrs. Farwell. I'll take note of it, but..."
Aubree unintentionally swept her glance across the man at the door. Then, she bit her lip and muttered pitifully, "I'm already very thankful that Lucian is here with me. I can't trouble him any more than this."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Sonya scanned the room for his son, only to realize that he was still standing far away from Aubree. Fuming, she lashed out at him, "Why are you standing at the corner? Aubree is a girl, and girls can be shy at times. Bear this in mind when you take care of her these few days. Be more proactive. Don't make a girl open her mouth to ask for help."
Lucian merely frowned without saying a word.
Seeing so, Aubree put on a sad face and tried to speak up for Lucian. "Mrs. Farwell, Lucian is always very busy at work. After knocking off, he should enjoy his free time and get some rest. Please don't insist that he come over. I can take care of myself. You don't have to worry about me."
Sonya's expression lightened up a little when she saw how understanding Aubree was.
Moments later, the latter seemed to feel uncomfortable after lying down for some time. She instinctively lifted her arm and tried to prop herself up, forgetting completely that her arm was in a cast. The second she exerted force, she gasped in pain.
"Be careful, Aubree!" Gina noticed her daughter's action and rushed over to assist her. Her heart ached upon seeing so.
"I'm fine, Mom. I'm just not used to the cast. See, I can prop myself up with only one arm. It just takes time to adjust." Aubree smiled and consoled her mother. Subsequently, she caressed her broken arm. Her eyes constantly darted on Sonya, who was already very much moved by her sensibility.
Now that Sonya saw how inconvenient Aubree's movement was, her heart wrenched even more. "Don't try to act strong in front of me. Just let Lucian take care of you, okay? He has said yes, anyway. You don't need to feel sorry about it. I bet you'll feel bored at the hospital, so I'll visit you whenever I'm free."
Aubree was pleasantly surprised at how Sonya was doting on her. She stole a quick glance at Lucian to check on his response.
Lucian knew his mother's temperament very well. Regardless of what he would say, she had already made up her mind to make him stay at the hospital to care for Aubree. Hence, he did not want to waste time arguing with Sonya and concluded the matter with what she wanted to hear. "I'm not swamped with work these few days, so I can come over. After all, you were hurt because of my mother. I should do my part to thank you."
Sonya was pleased with his answer. "See, Lucian has said so. So don't make excuses anymore."
Aubree grinned and said earnestly, "Thank you."
Despite her words, she knew better.
Although Lucian verbally agreed to stay with me in the ward, he did emphasize that he obliged because I saved his mother. In other words, I've got nothing to do with him. Does he really want to keep a distance from me so badly?
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 316
Chapter 316 Troublesome
Sonya and the others continued to keep Aubree company in the ward.
Aubree was actually tired of her presence. She only used Sonya to get close to Lucian. Now that the man had agreed to stay back for her, she started getting impatient that the seniors kept lingering around in the room, having no intention to leave. Despite so, she still put on a pleasant expression, pretending to be a goody two shoes.
"Aubree, you're the patient. Therefore, you should just stay in bed these two days and get Lucian to run errands for you."
Sonya stroked the cast on Aubree's arm.
She had enough of Sonya's never-ending words of concern. With a fake smile, she replied, "Thanks for the thoughts, Mrs. Farwell. I'll take note of it, but..."
Aubree unintentionally swept her glance across the man at the door. Then, she bit her lip and muttered pitifully, "I'm already very thankful that Lucian is here with me. I can't trouble him any more than this."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Sonya scanned the room for his son, only to realize that he was still standing far away from Aubree. Fuming, she lashed out at him, "Why are you standing at the corner? Aubree is a girl, and girls can be shy at times. Bear this in mind when you take care of her these few days. Be more proactive. Don't make a girl open her mouth to ask for help."
Lucian merely frowned without saying a word.
Seeing so, Aubree put on a sad face and tried to speak up for Lucian. "Mrs. Farwell, Lucian is always very busy at work. After knocking off, he should enjoy his free time and get some rest. Please don't insist that he come over. I can take care of myself. You don't have to worry about me."
Sonya's expression lightened up a little when she saw how understanding Aubree was.
Moments later, the latter seemed to feel uncomfortable after lying down for some time. She instinctively lifted her arm and tried to prop herself up, forgetting completely that her arm was in a cast. The second she exerted force, she gasped in pain.
"Be careful, Aubree!" Gina noticed her daughter's action and rushed over to assist her. Her heart ached upon seeing so.
"I'm fine, Mom. I'm just not used to the cast. See, I can prop myself up with only one arm. It just takes time to adjust." Aubree smiled and consoled her mother. Subsequently, she caressed her broken arm. Her eyes constantly darted on Sonya, who was already very much moved by her sensibility.
Now that Sonya saw how inconvenient Aubree's movement was, her heart wrenched even more. "Don't try to act strong in front of me. Just let Lucian take care of you, okay? He has said yes, anyway. You don't need to feel sorry about it. I bet you'll feel bored at the hospital, so I'll visit you whenever I'm free."
Aubree was pleasantly surprised at how Sonya was doting on her. She stole a quick glance at Lucian to check on his response.
Lucian knew his mother's temperament very well. Regardless of what he would say, she had already made up her mind to make him stay at the hospital to care for Aubree. Hence, he did not want to waste time arguing with Sonya and concluded the matter with what she wanted to hear. "I'm not swamped with work these few days, so I can come over. After all, you were hurt because of my mother. I should do my part to thank you."
Sonya was pleased with his answer. "See, Lucian has said so. So don't make excuses anymore."
Aubree grinned and said earnestly, "Thank you."
Despite her words, she knew better.
Although Lucian verbally agreed to stay with me in the ward, he did emphasize that he obliged because I saved his mother. In other words, I've got nothing to do with him. Does he really want to keep a distance from me so badly?
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 317
Chapter 317 Stepping Into The Farwell Family
"Speaking of which, it just so happened that Aubree and I have yet to have our lunch. Go and ask someone to order some food." Sonya glanced at her son.
Lucian observed his mother's expression and realized she had something to say, something that she didn't want him listening to. Instead of pointing it out, he nodded and left the ward. Once the door was closed, Sonya held Aubree's hand.
Aubree was a bit confused. "What's the meaning of this, Mrs. Farwell?"
She didn't understand why Sonya sent Lucian away first instead of just speaking her mind. Did... Did she realize all of this was just a trick?
When she thought about that, she panicked a little as her smile became more forced.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
"Now that Lucian has left, I will speak directly to you about some matters." Sonya's tone sounded much more casual.
Aubree nodded obediently. "Go ahead."
"You can probably understand what I'm trying to do. It's not that it has to be Lucian who takes care of you. Even a nurse can do a better job than him. I asked him to take care of you because I want you two to use the opportunity to resolve any misunderstandings between you two. After all, both of you were in love for years, and he isn't a cold-hearted person."
Upon hearing that, Aubree was stunned for a second before taking a deep breath and smiling. "I know. Thank you for your kindness, Mrs. Farwell. I'll use this opportunity to do so."
Sonya nodded. "However... Lucian grew up in a life of luxury, so he may not know how to care for someone that well. Therefore, it may be difficult for you during this period." In response, Aubree shook her head and smiled at Sonya. "I don't think it'll be difficult since I'm easy to take care of. As long as I can stay with Lucian, I'll be very happy." She didn't need Lucian to take very good care of her. I just need him to stop meeting that b*tch!
Sonya didn't know what Aubree was thinking, which was why she was touched by how much the younger woman loved her son. "Good girl. Aside from you, I don't know who else deserves the position of Mrs. Farwell in the future."
"You flatter me, Mrs. Farwell." Aubree lowered her eyes shyly. "I just hope that Lucian won't resent me because of those misunderstandings. As for other things... I don't have the nerve to think about it." Sonya sighed. What a good girl. Why can't my son see this? Why does he only think about that Roxanne? Thankfully, I'm still around. I'll never let that woman step into the Farwell family!
It was as though a storm was brewing in Aubree's heart as she lowered her head. It seems like Sonya has made her decision about who's going to be her daughter-in-law. With Lucian trapped by my side, there's no way he'll have time to meet with that b*tch. If Charles and the others work harder, we'll be able to figure out the biological father of those bastard children. If that happens, Roxanne will be doomed! Both women were about to speak to each other further when they heard a set of footsteps outside of the ward.
Sonya cleared her throat, adjusted her mood, and asked about Aubree's injury.
Aubree played along as well.
It was pretty obvious to Lucian what happened between the two of them soon after he entered the ward and glanced at them.
Clearly, they spoke of something else when he left.
However, because they didn't want him to know, he wasn't going to question them about it either. He strolled to the side of the bed and put the lunchbox on the table. 
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 318
Chapter 318 Consideration
As though she was fulfilling what she said before, after Sonya ate lunch, she left.
Join Telegram Group For Fast update and Novel Query
"I'm feeling a little tired, so I'll return to rest now. Lucian will stay and take care of you." Then she turned to her son. "The company shouldn't have any important matters during this period." Lucian nodded indifferently.
"I'll leave Aubree in your care. Take good care of her." She further reminded him of Aubree's condition again before leaving.
Seeing Sonya leaving, Gina and her husband left as well.
The only people left in the ward were Aubree and Lucian.
The atmosphere was awkward.
Aubree dug her nails into her palm as displeasure filled her heart.
It was because Lucian treated her more coldly than he did in the past. He didn't even want to look at her.
It's all because of that b*tch! She disrupted my years' worth of work and caused Lucian and me to grow apart!
Then, as she tried to find things to talk about, his voice entered her ears.
"If you need anything, just call me. I'll stay outside." He glanced at her coldly and prepared to spend time on the couch outside.
Because of his mother's order, he transferred Aubree to the best ward in the hospital. There were two rooms in the ward. The one inside was where the patient was staying in. It had a bed, a drawer, and a few chairs for the patient's visiting family members to sit on. Plenty of electrical appliances and ornaments were found inside the room. The decorations gave the room a cozy feeling. There was a couch and a long table outside that room. It looked more like a living room, and it was decorated as though it was a hotel room.
While there would be a wall separating Lucian and Aubree if he went outside, it wouldn't hinder his ability to take care of her.
However, from Aubree's perspective, she thought he simply didn't want to look at her any longer.
Realizing that, displeasure flashed across her eyes. She put on a pitiful facade and called for Lucian-who had already arrived at the exit-in a small volume, "Are you still blaming me, Lucian..." He stopped and turned back to glance at her indifferently.
Upon meeting his line of sight, she bit her lip, lowered her head, and apologized, "I really did do everything I could for Essie. If there was something she wanted, and I could give it to her, I did my best to do so. Yet Essie still disliked me for reasons I still don't know."
When she finished, she looked at him self-deprecatingly. "Additionally, problems kept popping up lately. Even though the past six years had been relatively peaceful, for some reason, trouble kept finding Essie because of me. I've reflected on my actions, and I realize I haven't been patient enough with her. It's my fault. If you blame me, I won't retort it either. And if you want to cancel the engagement, I have no reason to change your mind. I hope you won't treat me this coldly for the sake of our years of friendship."
She said all that with a genuine tone. Lucian's eyes darkened as he listened to her words with furrowed eyebrows.
As she saw his attitude mellowing, Aubree's expression became even more sincere. "After all, we've been friends for many years. Even if we can't become husband and wife, I still don't want to lose you as a friend. If Essie doesn't like me, then I won't visit her as often. I just hope you'll treat me like how you did before since I've never mistreated you..."
Silence filled the room when she finished.
She stared at him carefully.
Moments later, Lucian spoke. "I'll think about it.”
In the end, he still chose to sit outside.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 319
Chapter 319 Cold
Because of Sonya's order, Lucian spent his time in Aubree's ward after he got off work for the next few days.
As for Sonya herself, she visited Aubree on time every day. Although, it would be more appropriate to say she was there to check if Lucian was taking care of Aubree.
"How is he taking care of you?" Sonya asked with a caring smile since Lucian was still at work.
Aubree lowered her eyes shyly. "Quite well."
Seeing her like that made Sonya relax. Sonya comforted, "I told you that Lucian isn't a cold-hearted person. Both of you share a relationship that has lasted for years, after all. He'll always see you." Aubree pursed her lips and smiled, though she felt a pang of irony in her heart.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Lucian's attitude toward her did change for the better, but it was only because she said she hoped they could both still be friends.
And so, he treated her as nothing more than a normal friend.
However, she wasn't satisfied with that.
What she really wanted was to be his wife.
On the other side, Roxanne's job at the research institute had been going smoothly.
As the collaboration had been underway for quite a while, the research institute staff were eventually able to keep up with her pace. Additionally, with Colby's help, work was no longer as busy as it initially was. It was the morning during the weekend. Archie and Benny played with Lego bricks after breakfast.
Their mother was sick not too long ago, and every time they played with Lego bricks, they would think about their little sister. So, they weren't very enthusiastic while playing with those bricks. The model that they had finished halfway through still hadn't been completed yet.
Currently, they were sitting on the carpet. The speed at which they were playing with Lego bricks was a lot slower.
Roxanne sat on the couch and stared at the children. She could see that they weren't energetic, and she could guess why, but she didn't know how to comfort them.
There was no way she could get back with Lucian. If his future wife isn't Aubree, maybe I wouldn't have needed to distance myself from Essie. However, that person just has to be Aubree, and I can tell how much she detests me. I've always said that children are innocent, yet their relationship has been affected by the matters of us adults. I can't help but feel guilty about this. Hmm, now that I think about it, I hadn't brought them to play outside ever since I came back here, aside from the times when they asked me to do it.
When her train of thought ended there, she managed to come up with a remedy and approached the children. "How about we play outside today, Darlings?"
Archie and Benny put down the Lego bricks in their hands and turned to their mother with sparkling, eager eyes. "Where to?"
Seeing how excited they were, Roxanne felt as though she had been healed.
However, she just thought of the idea, so she had no clue where to bring them to.
After checking the internet with her phone, she noticed there was a swimming pool nearby, so she suggested, "How about we go swimming? It's been a long while since you two went swimming."
It was a popular activity overseas. Additionally, she was worried their bodies might get weak, so she had already sent them to swimming lessons before. In fact, she would often take them to practice strengthening their bodies.
The boys hesitated. "You just recovered not too long ago, Mommy. What if you catch a cold?"
They were really worried about their mother after she fell ill twice.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 320
Chapter 320 Children
Roxanne didn't know her falling ill affected Archie and Benny that much. For a few moments, she was at a loss for words. Thinking back, these two have been with me ever since they were born. In their eyes, I'm probably a superhero who always takes care of them and protects them. They had never seen me being that sick twice before. I suppose it's only natural that they are spooked.
The silence lasted for a while before she patted their heads with a complicated feeling. "I'm glad you two are concerned about me. Since both of you are afraid I'll catch a cold, I can just stay on land and watch you swim."
The boys glanced at each other, hesitated for a few seconds, and nodded obediently.
Roxanne smiled with relief. After she packed things up with the children, they went to the swimming pool by car.
Thinking that they might visit often, she registered to be a member there.
It was a swimming pool in the mansion district, so the environment inside was serene. The area was pretty big, too.
PlayvolumeAd5
Because it was the weekend, there were a lot of people inside. Nevertheless, it wasn't overly cramped, and the pool water was so clean that one could see the bottom.
The pool was split into two areas, the adult area and the children's area. Archie and Benny were pretty skilled at swimming, and there wasn't that kind of distinction overseas, so she let the boys swim with the adults.
The crowd's attention was immediately drawn to the two cute children swimming in the pool.
They were amazed by how well the boys could swim.
Roxanne sat at the side, eating snacks and drinking. She kept her eyes on the children as she snacked.
While she didn't plan to swim, she was at a swimming pool, so she still changed into a swimsuit. It wasn't very revealing, but it definitely did show her figure well.
She sat cross-legged, relaxed. A smile was seen on her face as she watched her boys swimming in the pool.
Her focus was placed entirely on the children. Suddenly, the voice of a greasy man entered her ears. "Hello, gorgeous. May I ask what's your name?"
When Roxanne returned to her senses, she subconsciously studied the man.
The man only wore a pair of swimming pants. He had an acceptable figure, but his expression was unsettling.
Sensing Roxanne's line of sight, the man narcissistically posed in different ways and introduced himself, "I'm the fitness instructor of a nearby gym. If you're interested, I can teach you a thing or two." She smiled distantly. "Thanks, but I'm not interested."
The man stared at her white, slender legs greedily and stubbornly continued, "If you're not interested in fitness, there's something else—"
Before he could finish, a child's voice rang in his ears.
"Leave my mommy alone!"
When the boys saw a man suddenly standing next to their mother, they immediately got out of the swimming pool and ran toward her. Then they glared fiercely at the man, who was much taller and stronger than them.
The man's expression changed upon seeing the children. "You have children?"
Roxanne instinctively protected Archie and Benny, yet they insisted on standing in front of her.
The man studied the children for a while before staring at her again. "I don't mind that. Well, if you're interested..."
Her eyebrows furrowed when she heard that.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 321
Chapter 321 Leave
"This is a public space, and my children are right here. I'm not interested in you, so please stop bothering me and leave." Roxanne's attitude turned cold as she stared at the man emotionlessly. Join Telegram Group For Fast update and Novel Query
Even though she was sitting, meaning she didn't have the high ground, her demeanor was imposing.
The man was stunned by her warning for a few seconds before snapping back to his senses. He was feeling a little apprehensive, but he couldn't resist the temptation, so he stubbornly refused to back down. "Fine, I won't continue here. How about you give me your phone number? We can continue to chat privately."
Roxanne glared at him with disdain. "If you still refuse to leave, I'll call the staff to chase you away!"
The man looked around and saw the nearest staff was quite far away. Hence, he tried to take her phone by force.
A small hand grabbed it before he did.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Roxanne looked at her child with slight surprise. What is he trying to do?
"I'm going to call Daddy and let him handle this! The swimming pool has surveillance cameras. My daddy won't let you go for harassing my mommy!" Archie earnestly flipped through the contacts on her phone. She became silent. Ah, so he's trying to scare this man away by saying that.
The man was still standing there stubbornly, as though he wasn't going to leave until he achieved his goal.
Archie stared at the man with a tense and fierce expression. "My daddy is a CEO! He's very powerful! Just wait and see!"
He then half-intentionally let the man see Lucian's contact on Roxanne's phone.
The man was shocked.
The reason he worked at a nearby gym was that he wanted to hook up with rich women. It was why he did plenty of research on famous families in Horington.
So, obviously, he had heard about Lucian and how powerful Lucian was in Horington.
He also heard about Lucian's relationship.
It didn't appear odd to him that Lucian might have a few mistresses running around outside.
He knew in an instant that Roxanne was someone living in the neighborhood. So, he didn't suspect what Archie said, especially because of her temperament, and started feeling fearful. I can't believe I accidentally messed with Lucian's woman!
Roxanne panickily glanced at her child when she heard what he said, too. Why did he use Lucian's name to protect us? Is this a coincidence? I can't tell if he's just trying to use Lucian's name to scare this man off or if he already knows about his background.
"Oh, so you're Mr. Farwell's woman." The man was stunned for a moment. When he returned to his senses, he apologized to Roxanne, "I was a fool. I hope you're willing to forgive me, miss."
Roxanne didn't hear what he said clearly as she couldn't stop thinking about what Archie had blurted. She simply nodded inattentively. "Please, just leave."
The man's expression shifted drastically. "I'll get out of your sight right away."
He then turned around and left.
Her attention wasn't focused on his movements at all.
Archie's expression relaxed after he saw the ugly man who harassed his mother leave. He turned around, intending to return the phone to Roxanne.
When he saw how his mother looked at him, he acted all innocent. "What's wrong, Mommy?"
Roxanne's eyes were aimed at her son's face unblinkingly. No matter how she looked, she couldn't detect any abnormalities, so she took the phone back with a heavy heart. "It's nothing. You two should go back to swimming. I'm fine."
Archie and Benny nodded before returning to the pool.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 322
Chapter 322 We Can Take Care Of Mommy
The boys swam for nearly two hours. When they were done, Roxanne brought them to lunch.
On the way there, she couldn't stop thinking about what Archie had said to the man.
She glanced at the children for a long time through the rearview mirror. Eventually, she couldn't help but ask, "Why did you say that earlier, Archie? Why did you say Mr. Farwell is your daddy?" The reason she didn't ask about it earlier was that she didn't want to ruin their moods to play. However, she could no longer hold herself back.
Upon hearing that, the boy glanced at her innocently. "Because he's awesome and powerful!"
Roxanne was stunned. For a moment, she couldn't tell if he was lying or not.
"Besides, I think if we call Mr. Farwell, he'll probably rush over to our location." Archie felt a bit odd when he said that.
He didn't like his father because his father wanted to marry another woman. However, he was confident that if anything happened to his mother, his father would arrive shortly after.
If not for Aubree, he would've accepted his father.
When she heard that, she was astonished because she found herself not doubting the truthfulness of that statement.
After she returned from overseas and spent time with Lucian, she also believed he would've rushed to her location, even though she might not appreciate it.
Upon noticing she thought that, Roxanne pursed her lips self-deprecatingly. So what if he came? He's still going to marry Aubree. We're destined to be strangers.
She halted her train of thought and stopped suspecting her child. "Don't say stuff like that to other people anymore, okay? Mr. Farwell already has a fiancée. If what you said spreads out, it won't be good for him or us."
The boys nodded as their hatred for Lucian deepened. What a bad daddy! Even though he's going to marry another woman, Mommy is still thinking about him!
She recalled the scene from earlier and was still a little concerned. "If something like that happens again, you two must protect yourself. I can deal with the situation. You two are still children, so you don't need to help me out."
There was a world of difference between the man's physique and the children's.
If the man had been more forceful... Roxanne couldn't bear to imagine what would happen next. I doubt the security guards would've arrived in time even if I had called for them. When she finished speaking, rustling sounds were heard coming from the back.
The boys straightened their backs and uttered righteously, "We want to protect Mommy! That man was obviously a bad guy! Besides, there's no one but us by your side, Mommy!"
Roxanne's heart was warmed when she heard that. Her expression softened too. "You two will have the opportunity to protect me in the future. I'm only going to get worried if you do that now."
"We've already grown up!" Archie replied with a sullen expression. "You've taken care of us for so long, Mommy. We can take care of and protect Mommy, too! We may not have a daddy, but what Daddy can do, we can do, too!"
Seeing how insistent he was, she didn't have the heart to talk him down and crush his desire to protect her, so she smiled. "I'll thank you two in advance first, then."
The children nodded earnestly.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 323
Chapter 323 Embarrassed
After Roxanne brought the children to grab lunch, she bought two sets of clothes for them before returning home.
Lysa prepared dinner.
Roxanne sat at the dining table with them. Lysa asked the boys what they did, and they answered truthfully. The atmosphere was pretty cordial.
After a while, Roxanne noticed Benny had been eating exceptionally slow. "What's wrong, Benny? Did you get too full during lunch earlier?"
Lysa and Archie also turned to Benny.
Benny was holding his abdomen under the table with one of his hands while he slowly ate with another. His face was pale, and he looked like he was feeling unwell. Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Seeing his brother like that made Archie worried. "Benny doesn't look like he's feeling well, Mommy."
Roxanne put her fork down and approached her son.
Seeing his mother getting closer, Benny stopped pretending and held his abdomen with both his hands. His face was totally scrunched up.
"What's wrong? Do you have a stomachache?" She grabbed his hand with a serious expression, trying to figure out what kind of illness he had contracted.
Benny nodded forcefully. Just as she grabbed his wrist, his expression darkened. He then jumped away from his chair and ran into the bathroom.
Roxanne stood and stared at Archie worryingly. "Are you feeling any discomfort?"
Archie sensed his body's condition seriously and shook his head.
Lysa glanced in the direction of the bathroom worryingly and then shifted her attention to the dishes. "This shouldn't have happened. I'm sure the dishes tonight are fine."
Roxanne smiled at her comfortingly. "It's not the dishes' fault. I think it's probably because he got a cold while swimming earlier, or maybe the lunch was bad."
Lysa nodded with relief, though her heart ached a little. Ever since I started taking care of this family, this pair of mother and son kept falling ill. I wonder how they survived in the past. After a while, Benny walked out of the toilet with a pale face.
"How is it?" Roxanne asked caringly.
Benny shook his head. "I don't feel anything anymore."
She was still worried about him, so she brought him to the couch and checked his pulse.
"When did you start feeling unwell?" Her eyebrows were furrowed as she stared at him.
Benny replied guiltily, "In the car, during the afternoon."
A sigh escaped her mouth. "Why didn't you tell me about it earlier?"
His voice became smaller with each word he said, "I didn't want Mommy to get worried. Besides, I just wanted to go to the toilet..."
It was because he and his brother just said they wanted to protect their mother. They might be children, but they had dignity as well.
Additionally, he didn't feel his body was sickly. He only experienced a stomachache during the car ride.
It was unexpected to him that his stomach caused him a lot of pain after eating two mouthfuls of food.
He felt pretty ashamed and embarrassed that his mother had found out.
Roxanne was able to tell what Benny was thinking. Her heart ached a little as she wondered if she should laugh or cry. "If you want to protect me, you must take care of yourselves first! If you feel unwell, tell me about it next time."
He nodded.
"It would've only been necessary to eat some medicine for this. Now we have to head to the hospital." Roxanne glanced at the clock. "Good, it's still not too late."
After that, she asked Lysa to grab the children's coats for them before she brought them to the hospital.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 324
Chapter 324 My Fault
Concurrently, at the hospital, Aubree received a call from her subordinate.
"Ms. Pearson, we saw Roxanne driving toward a hospital."
She glanced at Lucian, who was sitting outside, and asked in a low voice, "Which one?"
The subordinate replied, "I think it's Primo Hospital."
Primo Hospital was the best private hospital in Horington. It was also where Aubree was currently staying.
When she heard Roxanne was heading to her location, a glimmer of light flashed across Aubree's eyes. "How long before they arrive?"
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
"About five minutes."
"Got it. Continue to follow her. When she arrives at the entrance, give me a call."
"Roger."
Upon hanging up the call, Aubree put the phone aside and carefully glanced at Lucian. Seeing how he wasn't paying attention to her, she shifted her gaze to the cup on the table and reached for it. Lucian was focusing on checking his company mailbox and didn't notice what she was doing.
Suddenly, a crashing sound was heard.
It was soon followed by Aubree's suppressed exclamation.
That prompted him to turn back immediately and look inside the ward.
He saw the cup he had just filled with water was shattered to pieces on the ground. Aubree was seen half leaning against the table. She appeared shocked as she stared at the cup silently. His eyebrows furrowed as he entered the ward to take care of the mess.
"Lucian." She looked at him timidly and apologetically. "Did I disturb your work? I saw you were focused on your work, so I tried to grab the cup myself instead of calling for you. I underestimated how freely I could move. It's my fault for accidentally shattering the cup and disturbing your work."
Then she tried to clean up the mess herself. "Your work is important. I can take care of it myself. You should go back to work."
Lucian blocked her hand and uttered in a deep voice, "Since I've been asked to take care of you, you can just call for me if you need me. If you try to force yourself, you'll only cause me more trouble." Aubree bit her lip and stood at the side.
Once the mess was taken care of, he grabbed a new cup, filled it with water, and put it in her hand.
"Call me if you need me." Then he turned around, preparing to leave.
She glanced at the time. Roxanne's about to arrive! Her heart wavered before she called out, "Lucian!"
He stopped, turned back, and stared at her. "Yeah?"
With embarrassment present on her face, she lowered her eyes. "I don't want to disturb your work, but after thinking about it for a bit, I think that you're right. If I keep being stubborn, I will only cause you more trouble. So, I won't anymore. Can you accompany me to find a doctor? I think my arm isn't feeling too well."
Lucian's eyebrows furrowed. "What's wrong?"
Aubree replied apologetically, "It's my fault. I think I touched my arm's fractured spot when grabbing the cup earlier. I don't know if it's affected or not."
As she spoke, her face was filled with caution and self-blame.
It was as though she was really blaming herself for causing more trouble for Lucian and disturbing his work.
He stared at her plastered arm and nodded indifferently. "Let's go."
Gratefulness colored Aubree's face when he agreed. However, her mind was thinking about something else. If we go out now, we'll definitely meet up with that b*tch later. I want to see if that b*tch still has the gall to cling onto him after seeing how he's taking care of me!
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 325
Chapter 325 Careful
When Roxanne arrived at the hospital, she wanted to carry Benny in. However, the boy was afraid that she would get tired, so he insisted on walking in by himself. She had no choice but to let him do it. After the boys got the number, she brought them to the second floor.
"How are you feeling? Does your stomach still hurt a lot?" Roxanne asked with care as they walked.
He didn't want his mother to worry, so even though his stomach was still aching, he shook his head silently.
It wasn't enough to fool her that he was pretending. Her eyes were filled with worry.
The elevator just so happened to stop at their floor when the three of them arrived.
"Is your arm still in pain?"
When the elevator door opened, a familiar voice entered their ears.
Roxanne, Archie, and Benny turned to the elevator subconsciously.
When they looked into the elevator, they saw Aubree and Lucian standing next to each other. Aubree's arm was in a cast. She was wearing a big jacket and a thin patient's gown underneath. Lucian wore a shirt with rolled-up sleeves, revealing his slender yet strong arm. His attention was focused on the person next to him.
Roxanne and the children were stunned when they saw the two of them.
While they knew of the couple's marriage, it was the first time they saw the two of them acting so intimately with each other.
Lucian's jacket was placed on Aubree's body, and his attention was drawn to her injured arm. It was pretty apparent how much he cared about her.
The three of them suddenly felt complicated.
Roxanne felt like laughing at herself. I know it's just a matter of time before they marry each other. I also know how much he obsessed over her six years ago. And yet, just because he treated me nicely after I returned to this country, I started doubting his relationship with her. I wonder how the reporter who caught me going to the hospital with Lucian last time will report this encounter. Even though I was mistaken to be his fiancée last time, from a certain point of view, in those pictures, I'm Aubree's body double. In fact, he treats Aubree far better than how he treats me! Now that I think about it, it really is funny that I doubted his relationship.
Benny and Archie tightened their fists secretly as they stared at the couple with disdain. Bad Daddy! He doesn't want to be with Mommy, yet he treats other women so well! This one bullied Mommy before! The couple inside the elevator strolled out. They seemed not to have noticed Roxanne and her children at all.
Aubree's eyebrows furrowed as she apologized, "I'm still feeling well. Maybe I was a little too anxious earlier. I think it's fine even if we don't visit a doctor..."
As she spoke, her peripheral vision simultaneously brushed past Roxanne. The moment she finished speaking, she smiled and turned to the front. Her eyes met with Roxanne's, Archie's, and Benny's. Lucian was still ignorant of the family's presence. When he heard what Aubree said, his eyebrows furrowed. "Better to be safe than sorry."
After all, it was his mother who caused the injury, so he had to be thorough with his care.
The conversation sounded as though Aubree didn't want to visit the doctor and that Lucian was the one who urged her to do so.
He didn't mind what she said.
When he finished talking, he turned to the front.
His expression changed the moment his line of sight landed on the family in front of him.
"What a coincidence, Ms. Jarvis. Are you... feeling unwell? Or is it your child who's feeling sick?" Aubree greeted casually as she inconspicuously raised her unharmed arm and pulled the jacket on her down. 
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 326
Chapter 326 Being Nice
Roxanne returned to her senses and protected her children behind her back. She gave Aubree a distant smile. "There's no need for you to worry, Ms. Pearson. It's just a minor illness."
Then she glanced at Lucian. "It seems like you're busy with Mr. Farwell. I won't bother the both of you further."
Without waiting for their replies, she grabbed her children and attempted to escape the couple's line of sight.
After she took two steps away, Lucian spoke. "Are Benny and Archie not feeling well?"
His gaze brushed past the children and saw Benny's pale face. He also noticed the boy was holding his abdomen with darkened eyes.
The pale-faced boy turned around and uttered in an angry tone, "It's just a stomachache! You should just take that lady to the doctor, Mr. Farwell. There's no need for you to pay attention to us!" Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
It was pretty obvious he was angry. The corridor was silent as his voice echoed in the stairwell.
Sensing the hostility from the child, Lucian furrowed his eyebrows. He wasn't sure what he was doing wrong that made them unhappy.
Even though they hadn't met for a while, the children were treating him with even greater antagonism.
Roxanne could tell her son's voice was getting louder, so she quickly moved him to her back and apologized to the passersby. Only then did she turn to Lucian and Aubree. "I'm sorry, Benny isn't feeling well, so he's in a bad mood right now. I hope you two will forgive him."
The incident where Archie and Benny were expelled from kindergarten for no apparent reason still haunted her.
It was why she didn't want Aubree to find an excuse to give the children trouble, especially when Lucian seemed like he was getting pretty close to Aubree.
She thought it would be for the best if she treated the couple with respect.
Her submissive attitude caused Lucian's expression to darken slightly. He furrowed his eyebrows silently. I can't believe this woman is asking me to forgive the children. Does she think I'm going to do bad things to them? Is the time we spent with each other not enough for her to know what kind of person I am?
Thinking about how Roxanne thought of him made his expression darken. The surrounding temperature was lowered.
Aubree was the closest and first to experience that pressure. As she glanced at Lucian, she clenched her fist. However, she put on a kind facade, stared at Benny, and asked caringly, "He looks pretty awful. Is his illness serious?"
Then she shifted her gaze to Roxanne and mentioned casually, "If you need any help, I can introduce you to an impressive pediatrician. Of course, if Lucian also is willing to help out, it'll be great! The doctors he knows are all great."
Lastly, when she finished speaking, she aimed her line of sight at her cast.
It was her way of telling Roxanne that her doctor was found by Lucian.
Of course, Roxanne understood that. She smiled coldly. "No need. I have plenty of medical resources. Benny's condition isn't that serious, but thanks for your thoughtfulness anyway, Ms. Pearson." Despite Roxanne's polite language, Aubree still furrowed her eyebrows and stared aggrievedly. "I'm just being nice. Is it necessary for you to respond like this, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne felt her eyelid twitch, though she was too lazy to deal with Aubree's nonsense. Thus, she chose not to reply as her lips twitched a little.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 327
Chapter 327 Choose Her
Aubree wanted to say something, but Roxanne was already bidding her goodbye. "I still need to bring my children to meet with the doctor. Take care, Mr. Farwell, Ms. Pearson."She nodded at the couple coldly and left.
Aubree's mouth opened as she stared at Roxanne's figure. Then she closed it up in frustration. Her fingers dug into her palm while she tried to suppress her displeasure. I wanted to show off my status to this b*tch, yet it's as though she didn't notice it at all! Still, based on her reaction earlier, I'm pretty sure she has no feeling left for Lucian.
When her train of thought ended there, she felt better. She turned to her man and said, "Let's leave too, Lucian."
Then she swept her gaze past the direction Roxanne left and complained, "Ms. Jarvis is quite ill-mannered. We were just expressing our concern for her sick kid, yet she gave us that attitude. It made me think said something wrong."
Lucian didn't reply.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Aubree turned to him with a confused look.
His eyebrows remained tightly furrowed as he kept staring at the leaving family. It was as if he didn't hear her at all.
A wretched expression flashed past her face. What's so good about that b*tch? Despite her sh*tty attitude, he still cares so much about her!
She suppressed her envious rage and carefully tugged his sleeve. "Lucian? What are you thinking about? If you're worried about the child, I can accompany you to visit him."
Since things had turned out that way, she had to continue playing a gentle character to make Lucian think highly of her.
Aubree thought she was doing great being an understanding person. To her surprise, Lucian looked away and glanced at her cast before replying in a deep voice, "No need. Your arm's injured too. You're only a few steps away from the doctor's office. Can you make it there yourself?"
No words left her lips as she was flabbergasted. Is he telling me to meet the doctor myself?
Realizing that, she furrowed her eyebrows as she pretended to be worried. "I can do it. I pretty much can't feel anything from my injury now. It's possible I overreacted earlier. As for Ms. Jarvis' child, even though I know he's sick, I didn't spare a glance at him. It makes me feel kind of bad. How about we check up on them together?"
Lucian's eyebrows remained furrowed. "If you're not feeling unwell, then you should head back to your room and rest."
Aubree was stunned again. Her teeth were biting into the flesh inside her mouth as she tried desperately to keep him by her side.
After thinking for a while, a hint of viciousness flashed across her eyes. She was going to pull out yet another trick as she calmly approached him. "Your mother is coming soon, though. If she doesn't see you when she arrives, I don't know what to tell her."
When his mother was brought up, his expression froze slightly. He glanced at Roxanne and her children, who had all entered the consultation room. His line of sight returned to Aubree as he said, "I'll explain to her later. You should go back first."
Without giving her a chance to get any closer, he marched toward the pediatric office.
With that, her plan failed. She stared at his figure with gritted teeth and a scowl.
Her plan was to show off her status to Roxanne to prove that Lucian was her man. It backfired horribly when he abandoned her again for Roxanne.
Once more, she was hoisted by her own petard.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 328
Chapter 328 The Background Of The Boys
After a series of examinations, Roxanne discussed Benny's condition with the doctor in the consultation room.
Her concise and intelligent discussion took the doctor by surprise. After a while, the doctor asked with a smile, "Miss, which hospital are you working at? Will you consider working here?"
Roxanne smiled humbly and replied, "It's okay. I only know a little about stuff like this. That's all."
With that, she reminded her sons, "Quick! Say thank you to the doctor."
Archie and Benny got off their seats and gave a solemn bow to the doctor. "Thank you, doctor."
The doctor was charmed by Archie and Benny's cuteness. "You're welcome. Remember to take your medicine on time when you get home. You're lucky that your mommy knows a lot. Otherwise, things may have gotten worse, and you may have to be hospitalized. You should thank your mommy instead!"
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
With innocent smiles on their faces, they turned and thanked Roxanne.
She caressed their heads, took the prescription, and left with her children.
Thankfully, she discovered Benny's illness early on. Therefore, he was not in a serious condition. As long as he took his medication on time, he should be fine.
The thought of that made Roxanne feel more at ease.
As Roxanne was walking, she reminded the boys, "Did you hear what the doctor said just now? In the future, you must let me know immediately if you are not feeling well." The boys nodded.
Roxanne was about to look down and ask Benny how he was feeling when she sensed someone blocking their way. Even when they continued to walk forward, that person had no intention of moving aside. In an instant, the two boys became more alert as well.
Roxanne's heart sank when she saw that and made a guess.
Looking up, she saw the face that appeared earlier on.
Lucian stood in front of them without any expression.
Roxanne was taken aback momentarily before asking coldly, "Mr. Farwell, can I help you?"
Lucian frowned when he noticed her attitude toward him. However, he did not pursue the matter because of the boys. Instead, he asked, "How's Benny?"
Roxanne frowned before scanning her surrounding, but she did not see Aubree anywhere.
Has Lucian abandoned Aubree to come over and ask about my children?
With that thought in mind, Roxanne could not help but become a little frightened.
Both his fiancée of six years and the son he had with his ex-wife, whom he only knew recently, fell ill. Naturally, his choice should have been clear.
Instead, Lucian had made an unexpected decision to come and check on Benny.
After witnessing the tender, loving care that Lucian showered on Aubree, it was only natural for Roxanne to assume that the man had come solely because of Benny and not her. Perhaps, Lucian has found out about the boys' background?
The conversation with Archie and Benny at the swimming pool started playing in her mind again.
Even though the boys had explained that they would say Lucian was their daddy because they thought highly of him, Roxanne could not help but become suspicious once more. Instinctively, Roxanne stood in front of Archie and Benny so that Lucian could not lay eyes on them.
Lucian's gaze darkened when she became protective over the boys.
Does Roxanne think that I will hurt her children? What kind of person does she think I am?
At that juncture, both of them had different thoughts running through their minds.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 329
Chapter 329 You Have A Fiancée
After a few seconds, Roxanne calmed herself before turning down his concern, "Mr. Farwell, Benny's illness has nothing to do with you. I will take care of my own children. You should spend more time with your fiancée instead of asking about my sons. Earlier on, I saw that Ms. Pearson was seriously injured. Someone needs to be by her side at all times."
There was a grim look in Lucian's eyes when he heard that.
Roxanne's heart raced as she met his eyes, but she could not figure out what he was thinking.
However, she could sense that he seemed to be displeased with what she had just said.
Then again, I haven't said anything wrong. Everything that I have said is the truth.
Roxanne met his gaze, unperturbed.
After a while, Lucian forced himself to calm down before explaining to Roxanne patiently, "Aubree has fractured her arm, and she has been in the hospital for a few days now. She's fine and doesn't need my care. I have come to ask about Benny because he gets along very well with Essie. If Essie asks about Benny, at least I will know what to tell her."
Looking at the way Roxanne and the boys were eyeing him, he had to use Estella as an excuse. If not, he doubted they would tell him anything. Lucian thought of the time when Estella used to stay with Roxanne. He was puzzled at how things had come to the current situation.
At the mention of Estella, Roxanne's expression softened. However, there was something Lucian had said that affected her somehow.
Since Aubree had been hospitalized for a few days, Lucian must have been by her side all the while.
Otherwise, there was no way he would know so much about her injury.
Regardless, Roxanne still ended up telling Lucian about Benny's condition but in a very cold manner. "If Essie asks about Benny, just tell her that he has caught a cold while swimming. It's nothing serious. He will be fine after taking some medication. I can't share any other information other than that."
Lucian heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that Benny was not seriously ill.
For some strange reason, he could not help but feel concerned about Archie and Benny despite their obvious enmity toward him.
It was as if he owed them something.
"Now that you know about Benny's condition, you will be able to explain it to Essie. If there's nothing else, we would like to make a move first." Roxanne nodded at him before attempting to lead the boys past him.
Just as they walked past him, she heard him ask, "Why are you in such a hurry to avoid me?"
Hearing that, Roxanne stopped and tightened her grip on Archie and Benny.
Lucian was watching her inquisitively.
Roxanne pursed her lips and answered indifferently, "Mr. Farwell, we are different. I may have children, but I'm still single. You, on the other hand, are engaged. In order to prevent any misunderstanding, you should have been the one to avoid me. But you don't seem to be aware of it. So, I have no other option. I hope you can understand."
Lucian gulped and looked like he wanted to say something.
However, he had no response to the matter-of-fact manner in which Roxanne spoke.
Just as the tension in the air began to build, Benny broke the silence.
"Mommy, my tummy hurts. I want to go home and rest."
With that, Benny tugged at Roxanne's arm.
She bade Lucian farewell before leaving with her sons.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 330
Chapter 330 You Know It
"Is your stomach aching badly? Do you want me to carry you?"
Roxanne, who had come to the staircase, knelt down in concern and looked into Benny's eyes.
Benny cracked a mischievous yet gleeful smile. "It stopped hurting a long while ago, but I could sense that you felt like leaving early."
From the moment Mommy saw Daddy and the wicked woman at the elevator just now, there was a drastic change in her mood.
Furthermore, when they were blocked in the corridor by Lucian, he could clearly feel the hostility Roxanne exuded.
Coincidentally, both he and Archie resented the sight of Lucian, hence the excuse to get Roxanne to leave. Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Upon hearing Benny's words, the relieved yet amused Roxanne gave his nose a playful scratch. "Next time, don't scare me by telling me that you have a stomach ache while being sick. Instead, you should jus say that you're tired."
Roxanne was given a fright by Benny earlier. If not for the urge to avoid further interaction with Lucian, she would have brought Benny back inside the room for further examination.
Fortunately, Benny was all right.
Just when the trio of mother and sons were enjoying a tender moment, a flurry of footsteps rang out in the stairwell.
As the sound gradually bore down on them, they could guess from the lightness of the steps that it was a woman.
Assuming that it was just someone passing through, Roxanne moved aside together with her boys. Unexpectedly, they were greeted by the sight of Aubree emerging from the corner the moment they stood up.
The instant their eyes met, Roxanne's expression darkened on impulse.
A single glance was enough to tell her that Aubree came with ill intentions.
It was just that she had no idea what the latter had hidden up her sleeve.
Is it because Lucian left her abruptly to see Benny?
Roxanne's mind was rife with speculation.
Nonetheless, Aubree approached them with an indifferent expression. In fact, she even gave Benny a concerned glance before inquiring with Roxanne, "Have you brought him to see the doctor? What did the doctor say? Is his condition serious?"
After giving Aubree a wary look, Roxanne turned around and instructed the boys, "Go downstairs and wait for me there."
However, they stared fiercely at Aubree instead, worried that the latter would hurt their mother.
Roxanne knew that she couldn't predict what would happen despite being aware of the boys' intentions to protect her. She was worried that she would fail to protect the boys if Aubree were to somehow harm them.
When she saw the children were hesitant to leave, Roxanne steeled her face and instructed the more sensible Archie, "Archie, take Benny downstairs and watch over him."
Only then did Archie nod in acknowledgment before holding Benny's wrist to lead him downstairs, leaving Roxanne and Aubree alone in the stairwell.
"Go on, what do you want?" Roxanne gave the lady in front of her a distant look.
Aubree responded with an innocent expression, "Didn't I just express my concern for Benny's condition? What's with that snarky attitude of yours? Do you actually think I'll hurt the children?" Recalling how Aubree had caused the children to be expelled from school without reason some time ago, Roxanne pursed her lips into a smirk. "You know better than anyone else."
Roxanne had barely finished when Aubree put on a pitiful look. "All I really wanted to do was to show my concern for Benny. Besides, with my arm still injured, what can I do to them? Since Lucian cares about Benny so much, I'm just trying to help by getting to know the latter's condition better. Also, I'm certainly not doing this for your sake. I just don't want Lucian to worry."
Regardless of what Roxanne said, she was trying to prove that her feelings for Lucian were true.
As a scornful look momentarily flashed across Roxanne's face, she nodded with an emotionless expression. "In that case, thank you for your thoughts, Ms. Pearson. Anyway, Benny's condition isn't serious, and he should be fine after taking some medication. So instead, you should be more concerned with your own injury."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 331
Chapter 331 Something Is Wrong
In reflex, Aubree looked down at her arm in a cast before returning her gaze to Roxanne as if it was nothing. "My injury isn't a big deal. I was accidentally clipped by a car while out shopping with Mrs. Farwell two days ago. Luckily, she was unhurt."
Aubree was clearly hinting that she hurt herself in an attempt to save Sonya.
Roxanne, having read between the lines, cracked a flat smile and replied in a cursory tone, "Ms. Pearson, since you enjoy such a close relationship with Mrs. Farwell, I'm sure it will be smooth sailing for you once you marry into the Pearson family. If there's nothing else, I need to leave first, as it's getting late, and the children are tired."
Before Aubree could respond, Roxanne turned to leave.
No sooner had she done that than she felt someone grabbing her wrist.
Knitting her brows, she turned around to look at Aubree.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Aubree returned the gaze with a pathetic expression. "Actually, there's something else I want to say. I owe you an apology."
Having heard those words, Roxanne was suddenly aroused with suspicion, unaware of what Aubree was scheming.
"That's not necessary." Roxanne pursed her lower lip. "Ms. Pearson, there's nothing for you to apologize for."
Even though Aubree had done plenty to harm her and her boys prior to that, she didn't need the former's apology. After all, a single apology could never make up for all of Aubree's past misdeeds. Besides, she had decided to draw the line with Lucian, ending any future interaction with him and Aubree.
She would also be relieved as long as both of them don't cause her any trouble moving forward.
In spite of that, Aubree, adamant about her apology, continued to hold Roxanne's wrist tightly. "It was an impulsive mistake of mine to have gotten the boys expelled from their school previously. Just thinking about your relationship with Lucian from six years ago is enough to fill me with fear, fear of him returning to your side. That's why I came up with the idea to put some distance between the two of you. It was indeed wrong of me to harm the children. Hence, will you forgive me for doing so?"
Even though she could feel the mockery in Aubree's words, Roxanne gave her a nonchalant nod. "Fine, I forgive you as long as you don't harm Archie and Benny ever again. On top of that, there's nothing for you to worry about, for you're the one that Lucian fancies all this while. There has never been the possibility of him returning to my side. Thus, there's no need for you to keep hounding me relentlessly." With that, Roxanne was in no mood to continue the conversation any further. Realizing that Aubree still refused to let her go, Roxanne, with furrowed brows, raised her hand to pry her wrist free of Aubree's grip.
Unexpectedly, the moment her hand made contact with Aubree's, the latter suddenly let go and stumbled a step before leaning against the wall on her side.
Roxanne's expression darkened at the thought of Aubree's injury. "What are you doing?"
After regaining her balance by supporting herself off the wall, Aubree couldn't help but be stunned by Roxanne's words. Subsequently, she gave Roxanne a confused look. "Do excuse me. Since I hurt my arm, I have had trouble maintaining my center of gravity. That's why I lost my balance easily."
Aubree had barely finished and didn't wait for Roxanne to respond when she continued in a considerate tone, "I'm fine, and also heartened by your forgiveness. Didn't you mention that the children need rest? You should hurry and take them home now."
With that, Aubree ended the conversation with a cordial smile before returning to the corridor.
As Roxanne watched Aubree's leaving silhouette, a niggling sense of dread descended upon her.
Nonetheless, she couldn't see anything out of the ordinary. Since Aubree herself claimed to be fine, Roxanne didn't give the matter much thought as she headed downstairs to drive the children home. 
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 332
Chapter 332 Trouble Brews For Roxanne
Upon emerging from the stairwell, Aubree, with a drastic change in her expression, hurriedly walked into the washroom. Gritting her teeth, she gently knocked her plaster-casted arm against the wall. The impact was instantly followed by her face writhing in agonizing pain.
When she subsequently checked the time and saw that it was the usual hour for Sonya's visit, Aubree rushed back up the stairs to her ward.
The tremendous pain in her arm, plus climbing six to seven flights of stairs in a single breath, caused Aubree to be covered in sweat upon returning to her ward.
Lucian, who was waiting inside, was about to call her when he heard the commotion beyond the door. After watching Roxanne leave with the children, he went to the orthopedic department to look for Aubree. When he didn't find her there, he decided to return to her ward, where she was still nowhere to be seen.
"Lucian, you're back." There was a hint of desolation in her voice.
Lucian simply nodded. "Where did you go?"
Aubree pursed her lips into an awkward smile. "After leaving the orthopedic department, I headed to the pediatric department, thinking that you were there. Since I couldn't find you, I inquired with the doctor about Ms. Jarvis' son's condition with the hope that I could be of some assistance."
Without dwelling too much on her response, Lucian flatly replied, "If she needs any help, she'll naturally voice it out."
Despite his answer, Lucian was cognizant that Roxanne, unless she was truly desperate, would never ask him for assistance.
Aubree nodded before lying back down on the bed. "I had gotten ahead of myself, as the doctor told me that it wasn't anything serious."
In the midst of their conversation, a knock on the ward door was heard.
As the door opened, in walked Sonya with a concerned expression. She then took a seat by Aubree's bed. "How are you feeling today? Does your arm still hurt? Did Lucian take good care of you?" Aubree, after throwing Lucian a meek glance, answered with a cordial smile, "Yes, he did. Thank you for your concern, Mrs. Farwell. I'm sure it must be tiring for you to travel back and forth from the hospital every day. Now that my injury is no longer that serious, you don't have to trouble yourself so much."
Sonya protested, "That's not acceptable. I have to make sure that you're fully recovered."
When Aubree responded with a grateful smile, Sonya stroked the former's cast sympathetically. "Usually, it takes about a hundred days for fractures to recover. Since you'll be bored lying in the hospital all day, I don't mind dropping by to keep you company."
Suddenly, when Sonya noticed the sweat beading off Aubree's forehead, she couldn't help but worry. "Why are you sweating so much? Weren't you lying in bed the whole time? Is your arm hurting again?" Aubree squirmed self-consciously, hoping to move her arm out of Sonya's sight. She explained softly, "I was just bored from lying down, so I climbed up the stairs just now."
Upon hearing the answer, a dubious look flashed across Sonya's eyes before she turned toward her son.
Lucian, unaware that Aubree had climbed the stairs, knitted his brows in response.
Nevertheless, Aubree's excuse did sound reasonable.
"Wasn't Lucian by your side?" Sonya followed up with a question.
Aubree had barely heard it when she glanced instinctively at Lucian. Her eyes sparkled vibrantly as if she was trying to find an excuse on his behalf.
Sensing Aubree's awkward position, Sonya, with a frown on her face, turned toward her son and inquired further, "Where were you when Aubree was climbing up the stairs?" Lucian furrowed his eyebrows in silence.
If he were to tell his mother the truth, she would definitely cause trouble for Roxanne
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 333
Chapter 333 I Was Careless
"Aubree, tell me," Sonya instructed, knowing that it would be impossible to get it out of her son.
As panic flashed across her face, Aubree glanced at Lucian before frowning in resignation.
She, after a brief hesitation, hung her head and explained, "Just now, we ran into Ms. Jarvis when she brought the two boys to the hospital. When I noticed that her son wasn't well, it reminded me of Essie, and that caused me to worry. Hence, I decided to get Lucian to check on them."
As if she was worried that Sonya wasn't going to believe her, Aubree added, "It was my idea. Lucian had no intention of going over."
No sooner had she finished than she threw Lucian a knowing look, hinting to him to go along with the excuse she had made on his behalf.
Sonya, who obviously didn't buy it, glowered at her son. "Is what Aubree said true? Or did you go to check on someone else's son while she's injured?"
Lucian remained silent, with his brows wrinkled tensely together.
Sonya, who knew her son like the back of her palm, was aware that he was implicitly admitting to seeing Roxanne's son and denying Aubree's claim that it was her idea for him to go.
It doesn't take a genius to know that he had gone over on his own accord.
The thought that her son abandoned Aubree, who was injured in the course of saving her, outraged Sonya.
"Even now, Aubree is still trying to cover for you. But what about you? Have you ever considered her feelings before? How can you allow an injured girl like her to wander the hospital alone? What if someone knocks into her and worsens her injury?"
Reacting to Sonya's anger, Aubree quickly held the former's hand and assuaged her, "Mrs. Farwell, I'm fine, as my injury is almost healed. As for Ms. Jarvis, being a single mother isn't an easy task. Even though she has made many mistakes, her children are innocent. Therefore, I was just as worried as Lucian was about her child."
With Aubree's considerate response, Sonya's heart warmed for the former. In fact, she wondered if Roxanne had put a curse on her son for him to be so blinded as not to see how virtuous Aubree was. "Lucian, don't you still have some unfinished work to attend to? You should get back to it while I chat with Mrs. Farwell," Aubree suggested to Lucian in an understanding tone.
Frowning at the both of them, Lucian had no intention of listening to his mother's lecture any further. Thus, he turned and left, closing the door behind him.
When she saw how abruptly her son left the room, the guilt Sonya felt toward Aubree intensified. "Aubree, I'm sorry that you have to suffer through this. Why didn't you tell me earlier?" Aubree smiled flatly. "It's nothing. I'm already satisfied with the way he's treating me now."
Feeling indignant on Aubree's behalf, Sonya reassured the former that she would never let Roxanne be married into their family.
However, in the midst of their conversation, she noticed Aubree's face gradually losing color.
"Aubree, what's wrong? Did someone knock into your arm just now?" Sonya knitted her brows with a worried look on her face. Aubree, despite the pulsating pain in her arm, forced out a smile. "No, it's my fault for not being careful."
Aubree indirectly admitted that there was something wrong with her arm.
Sonya stared at Aubree, her eyes filled with suspicion. "What in the world happened? Did you really hurt yourself?"
She couldn't believe that Aubree was careless after staying in the hospital for such a long time without incident.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 334
Chapter 334 Seeking Justice For You
Aubree, not daring to look Sonya in the eye, nodded while biting her lip.
Sonya sprang to her feet. "Come, let's get your hand examined."
Just when she was about to open the door and call for Lucian, Aubree grabbed her hand to stop her. "Mrs. Farwell, it's better to keep this from him. Given how difficult it was for our relationship to finally improve, I'm worried that pressuring him might cause the situation to backfire."
Sonya, after pondering for a few seconds, nodded in agreement.
Subsequently, Aubree got out of bed with Sonya's help before both of them exited the ward together.
When Lucian got to his feet to follow them, Sonya threw him a glance. "I'm taking Aubree out to get some air. You should carry on with whatever you're doing. I'm not expecting you to care for her that meticulously."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Lucian had no intention of arguing with his mother over something like that. After all, he saw taking care of Aubree for the past few days as nothing more than his duty. Since his mother had relieved him of the task, he nodded in delighted relief before returning to his seat.
When Sonya arrived at the orthopedic department with Aubree, they went to see the latter's attending physician.
The result of the examination triggered a drastic change in Sonya's expression.
"Ms. Pearson, did something knock onto your injured arm recently? Your injury seems to have worsened." The doctor furrowed his brows at the X-ray that was taken.
Just when Aubree was about to reply, Sonya preempted her, "Doctor, do you think she could have hurt herself by accident?"
The doctor shook his head. "Based on what I can see, the injury isn't caused by accident. I'm leaning toward the scenario where someone knocked into her instead."
In other words, Aubree was lying earlier.
Sonya, with a sullen expression, turned toward Aubree. "Aubree, what really happened? Who was it that hurt you?"
A torn look descended upon Aubree's face.
Sonya continued to stare at her. "There are surveillance cameras all over the hospital. If you don't tell me, I'll check them one by one and get to the bottom of the matter sooner or later. You have gotten yoursel hurt because of me. Therefore, whoever lays a finger on you is messing with me. Go ahead and tell me the truth, for I'm not going to let this matter slide!"
Sonya's reaction filled Aubree with satisfaction and the sense that all the pain she had suffered was well worth it.
Meeting Sonya's gaze, Aubree admitted in a reluctant tone, "It was Ms. Jarvis who accidentally pushed me, causing me to hit the wall. Nonetheless, she was in a rush to send the children home, so I could understand her urgency. Furthermore, when I didn't feel anything then, I didn't think too much of it."
She kept making excuses for Roxanne.
Meanwhile, the scowl on Sonya's face deepened.
It's Roxanne again! On top of seducing my son, she has even aggravated Aubree's existing injury! And yet, Aubree continues to defend her.
After learning who the perpetrator was, Sonya understood why Aubree wanted her to keep the matter from Lucian.
Aubree clearly feels that Lucian still has feelings for Roxanne and is worried that he will blame the former instead.
The thought of Aubree's considerations made Sonya feel even more sorry for her. "Don't worry. I will definitely seek justice on your behalf!"
Just as she spoke, Sonya left the examination room.
Aubree hurried after her. "Mrs. Farwell, you have misunderstood. It was really an accident. She had wanted to take me for an examination but only left after I told her I was fine."
Given Sonya's bias toward Roxanne, she obviously wasn't going to believe such excuses which made Aubree seem like a kind person. Turning around, she patted Aubree on her hand. "Don't say another word All you need to do is to rest for your arm to recover. Go back now, and I'll come by to visit you tomorrow."
With that, Sonya left in a huff.
As she watched Sonya's leaving silhouette, an insidious glint flashed across Aubree's eyes.
###Chapter 335
Chapter 335 Unable To Defend Herself
Since it was already late when she stepped out of the hospital, Sonya headed back to the Farwell residence in spite of her anger.
I must demand an explanation from Roxanne over what happened and also give her a stern warning. As for what to say, I'll have to give it proper thought first.
That night, Sonya didn't sleep a wink, for her mind was entirely occupied by the matter.
The next morning, Sonya had a simple breakfast before getting the driver to send her to Roxanne's house.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was having breakfast with the children.
Benny, who was feeling much better after taking his medication, was enjoying his breakfast very much. Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
When she saw how he had returned to his energetic self, Roxanne sighed to herself in relief.
Just when she planned to take them to the research institute after breakfast, an unexpected guest arrived.
Amidst the children having breakfast, Roxanne got up to get the door upon hearing the doorbell ring.
At the sight of the visitor, Roxanne's heart sank. She turned around and instructed Lysa, "I'm going out for a while; please look after the children."
Lysa acknowledged at once.
The children, who were oblivious to the visitor's presence, bid Roxanne goodbye under the assumption she was going to work.
By the time Roxanne turned back around after smiling at the children as if nothing had happened, all that was left was an emotionless face. "Mrs. Farwell, whatever it is, let's talk outside." Recognizing that Sonya was there with hostile intentions, Roxanne didn't want the children to be affected.
After throwing her a look of contempt, Sonya returned to the car without another word.
Roxanne hesitated briefly before going along with her.
When the car finally stopped at a nearby café, Sonya maintained her silence together with a solemn look on her face.
Nonetheless, Roxanne could clearly feel the animosity Sonya was exuding.
She probably wants to see me over Lucian.
After both of them were seated inside the café, Sonya finally spoke. "I'm sure you know the reason why I'm here."
Roxanne implicitly acknowledged Sonya's words with pursed lips and an indifferent stare.
"Six years ago, you left the Farwell family abruptly and left behind a divorce agreement, ruining the family's reputation. Given how much time had passed since then, I no longer harbored any intention to hold you accountable for it. Unfortunately, you just had to deviously return to the country and even get involved with Lucian."
Sonya's voice was exceptionally frosty. "As I have said before, you will never be part of the Farwell family. When you first got yourself entangled with Lucian, I had already warned you once. But in the end, all you did was disrespect me by continuously hounding him."
Roxanne knitted her brows slightly. "Let's be clear that all my interactions with Mr. Farwell are for Essie's sake. Just like how you don't want me to be involved with him, I similarly don't want to embroil myself in any trouble. So why would I insist on hounding him?"
"Are you saying that he's hounding you instead?" Sonya gave Roxanne a mocking stare. "Even if that's true, you should have known better, especially since Lucian is engaged. His future wife will never be you, for I'll never let him marry you!"
Sonya's words didn't come as a surprise to her. Thus, Roxanne wasn't really bothered by them.
However, Sonya added, "Previously, I turned a blind eye to your interaction with Lucian for Essie's sake. But your attempt to harm Aubree is something I cannot tolerate. She was injured while trying to save me, and now that she is close to full recovery after a tedious process, you chose to aggravate her injury. Roxanne, there's no way I would dare let someone as vicious as you anywhere close to Lucian." The words caused Roxanne's expression to change slightly.
Aggravate her injury? Is it because of what happened last night?
Even though she knew that Aubree was putting up an act, she was still stumped for a response to defend herself.
Assuming Roxanne's silence was tacit admission to the accusations, Sonya glowered even more intensely. "So you had better behave, or else I don't mind sending you back to wherever you came from!" 
###Chapter 336
Chapter 336 Decisive Decision
In the face of Sonya's high and mighty stance, Roxanne accepted that there was no way to reverse the former's bias against her. Besides, it wouldn't be necessary, as they would no longer be related in any way.
Holding that thought, Roxanne gradually calmed down and replied in a tone devoid of emotion, "Mrs. Farwell, don't worry. Not everyone is interested in your son. At the very least, I'm not. Our interaction is solely based on Essie's account. Now that you have made your stand clear, I will take extra care to keep my distance from Mr. Farwell."
As for Aubree's injury, she didn't know how to prove her innocence and didn't plan on raising the matter too.
Having heard Roxanne's words, Sonya scrutinized the former, as if to see if she was telling the truth.
Moments later, she pursed her lips coldly. "Good. You had better remember what you have said today."
Roxanne nodded slightly. "If there's nothing else, I'm leaving now to return to my children. Anyway, that cup of coffee is on me."
With that, Roxanne got up to leave before Sonya could respond.
No sooner had she gotten to her feet than she saw Lucian standing outside.
She wasn't aware of when he had arrived and was equally clueless as to why. All she could see was the grave-looking expression on his face.
The moment their eyes met, Roxanne felt a squeeze in her heart. Averting her eyes, she swiftly suppressed the uneasiness she felt before returning her gaze to meet his. Only then did she greet him in a distant tone. "Mr. Farwell."
With a slight furrow of his brows, Lucian stared intently at Roxanne, who had an apathetic look on her face.
He had received news first thing in the morning about his mother meeting Roxanne in a café from his subordinate.
Cognizant of the events from the day before, he had expected his mother to confront Roxanne. Hence, he dropped whatever he was doing and rushed over without delay.
Unfortunately, the last thing he expected was to hear the scathing words that came out of Roxanne's mouth.
Not everyone is interested in your son. At the very least, I'm not.
As the words echoed through his mind, Lucian, feeling as if he was being mocked, instinctively stopped in his tracks.
Six years ago, I was everything to her. But now, she is capable of uttering something like that matter-of-factly.
Staring at the distant-looking Roxanne, Lucian gulped. "Your words just now, what do you mean by them?"
After throwing a glance at Sonya, who was sitting opposite them, Roxanne broke out a flat smile. "I don't know what you have heard, but what I have just said is the truth. Given how sharp you are, I'm sure you know very well what I mean. Therefore, let's not disrupt each other's life from now on."
Just as she spoke, Roxanne nodded at the two in front of her before strutting away. The moment she walked past Lucian's side, she felt a large hand grab her wrist. Roxanne, frowning intensely, lowered her voice and warned, "Let go of me!" With knitted brows, Lucian stared at her while exuding an intimidating aura.
Roxanne, with clenched teeth, turned around to glare at him.
The instant they locked gazes, Lucian tightened his grip momentarily before slowly loosening it until her slender wrist was finally released.
The resolve in her eyes told him that whatever he had to say was pointless.
After recovering her gaze, Roxanne walked to the cashier to settle the bill before leaving without even looking back. 
###Chapter 337
Chapter 337 Matters Between Us
Naturally, Sonya, too, heard their exchange.
Nevertheless, she, having long decided to have her son marry Aubree, had warned Roxanne off and wasn't worried that the latter would disobey.
As a result, she couldn't care less about their interaction and continued to sip her coffee elegantly.
When Sonya heard Roxanne's leaving footsteps, a contemptuous smile descended upon her face.
Disgraceful women can always be easily frightened away. Furthermore, there's no way I'm going to allow such a woman to marry into the Farwell family. "Have a seat." Sonya finally turned around to give Lucian a look as she invited him to sit.
PlayvolumeAd5
The frowning Lucian, whose eyes were burning with suppressed anger, strode up to his mother and sat down.
The cup of untouched coffee in front of him was ordered by Roxanne earlier.
Playing back in his mind the words she said to his mother a while ago, Lucian deepened his frown.
"Waiter, please get us another cup of what I'm having." Sonya raised her hand at the waiter. "And take this cup away, please."
After removing Roxanne's coffee, the waiter brought a new one for Lucian.
"Why are you here? Who asked you to come?" Drinking her coffee, Sonya gave her son a leisurely look.
Other than Roxanne informing him of her presence, she couldn't think of any other possibility.
After all, there was no way he would've known she was there unless someone had reported it to him.
However, she didn't see when Roxanne had managed to send Lucian a message.
She had hardly finished speaking when she saw the increasingly gloomy look on her son's face.
Sonya wrinkled her brows. "What's with that scowl of yours early in the morning? What did I do wrong?"
"What did you see her for?" Lucian asked in a deep voice.
Sonya, after scanning her son from head to toe, was visibly upset. "If you can abandon the injured Aubree to see her, why can't I have a chat with her? Besides, didn't you hear it for yourself? She isn't interested in you at all. So why are you still angry at me on her account?"
Ignoring her words, Lucian pressed on with his questions. "What did you say to her just now?"
He chose to believe that his mother's words had triggered Roxanne's frigid response.
Upon hearing her son's question, Sonya glowered instantly. "I was just stating the truth to her. Yet, she complained to you so that you would come here and flash that snarky attitude of yours at me. To a woman like that, nothing I say can ever be considered too much!"
After giving Sonya a look, Lucian refuted her in a low voice, "She didn't call me here."
"Why would I believe you?" Sonya's expression was filled with disdain.
What Lucian was about to say next would devastate her.
"My men have been keeping an eye on her. It was they who informed me about both of you being here," Lucian related the truth with an expressionless face.
Filled with disbelief, Roxanne stared at him for a long time to ascertain if she had heard him wrongly.
"What's so good about her? Don't forget what she has done to the Farwell family and Essie!" Sonya slammed the table furiously. "I don't care what you have in mind before this, but you must withdraw your mer right now. From today onward, both of you are forbidden to contact each other! For goodness' sake, you're going to marry Aubree in the future. What will happen when word of this gets out?"
Despite Sonya's outburst, Lucian met her gaze firmly. "Let me repeat myself. This is between her and me, and I will resolve it myself. Therefore, you should stop interfering in this matter." 
###Chapter 338
Chapter 338 You Cannot Let Her Down
Sonya's heart sank when she looked at Lucian's expression.
She knew her son too well. The more calm and collected he looks, the more determined he is.
It was also not the first time Lucian had warned her not to intervene in his relationship with Roxanne.
Sonya did not understand why Roxanne held a special place in her son's heart. I can't believe my son would give me attitude because of that woman!
Sonya knitted her brows. After calming herself down for a minute, she gritted her teeth and questioned him, "What do you take Aubree for? Aubree has been waiting for you for so long, and now you want to get rid of her? What did she not do well? Do you think Roxanne can do better than her? Did you forget how the heartless woman dumped Essie? Aubree was the one who raised Essie with you! Not only did she take good care of Essie, but she also respected the elders in the family. What else could you ask for?"
Lucian's eyes turned cold. "You sure everything she did had no issues?"
Upon hearing that, Sonya froze for a moment and doubted her judgment for a few seconds.
But after recalling everything Aubree did and how she cared for the family over the years, Sonya steadied herself and nodded matter-of-factly.
"Have you ever wondered why Essie refuses to accept Aubree even after so many years for no apparent reason?" Lucian continued asking in a deep voice.
His question rendered Sonya speechless once again. She then patiently defended Aubree by explaining to Lucian, "Aubree said she likes kids but didn't have much experience dealing with them. Of course, she'll make mistakes along the way. But once she spends enough time with the kid, I'm sure their relationship will improve."
She then shot a glare at Lucian and expressed her dismay, "How many times have I told you to let Essie spend more time with Aubree? Yet you choose to keep Essie by your side."
Lucian could not help but smirk. He knew there was no point in engaging in this argument with his mother.
No matter how he explained, he knew she would put the blame on him and put in good words for Aubree. "So you're saying I don't have a choice but to marry Aubree?"
Sonya bobbed her head in disbelief. "You can't let her down. She has waited for you for years."
Lucian threw another question, "What if I refuse?"
Sonya frowned as she was unhappy with his reaction. "Besides Aubree, who else could you marry? Roxanne? Listen carefully. I'll not allow her to step into the family, so stop dreaming! Aubree got severely wounded when she saved me. You have to marry her because she's our benefactor!"
Lucian continued to look at his mother with a deadpan expression.
An awkward silence ensued.
"Besides, Roxanne said she was not interested in you. She might not agree to marry you even if you insist." Sonya continued to dampen Lucian's spirit.
Lucian's brows creased, but he steadied himself. "I wouldn't marry Aubree even if Roxanne turned down my proposal."
Upon hearing that, a vortex of anger swirled in Sonya. She clenched the coffee cup tightly to avoid throwing a fit in the café.
"I'm indebted to the Pearson family, but Farwell Group has done everything we could throughout the years to repay their kindness. As for all the sacrifices she'd made for you, that's between you two. I can look after her during her recuperation period and find her the best doctor to make sure the wounds do not leave a permanent scar, but that's just it. I can't do anything more than this," Lucian said. 
###Chapter 339
Chapter 339 Who Might Be The Culprit
In other words, Lucian would not tie the knot with Aubree.
Sonya could not help but massage her temples while shooting daggers at her son. "Did you come here this early in the morning just to upset me?"
Lucian remained unperturbed. "I can send you to the hospital if you're feeling unwell, but there's no way you can force me to marry Aubree."
Both mother and son kept mum for some time.
Sonya waved her hand and gestured for him to leave. "Go. Get out of my sight."
Lucian nodded. Before leaving, he said, "I've stationed a few men by the door. Call them if you need their help.”
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Before Sonya could react, Lucian had left the café.
"Heading back to the office now, Mr. Farwell?" the driver asked with respect when Lucian got into the car.
Lucian knitted his brows. Roxanne's house flashed across his mind. I wonder how she's doing now. Did she mean what she said just now?
Lucian went deep in thought but eventually snapped out of it. He replied to the driver, "Back to the office."
The car started moving slowly and headed in the direction of Farwell Group.
Cayden had waited for him in the office the entire morning.
When Lucian got out of the elevator, he immediately walked up and greeted him, "I have updates for you, Mr. Farwell."
Lucian's eyes darkened. "Did you manage to find the driver?"
"Not yet, but we found the car," Cayden replied. "We went through the footage of the surveillance cameras at all the junctions and finally mapped out the car's route after it left the parking lot. The driver took the car to the suburbs, and my men were able to locate the car after a thorough search at a junkyard."
After entering Lucian's office and closing the door properly, Cayden looked at the man and continued, "The black car's registration number is fake, and it doesn't have an owner. The car should have been disposed of at the junkyard, but the culprit drove off and committed crimes with the vehicle. From the footage, we saw the driver had his face covered. I believe everything that had happened was not an accident."
Lucian nodded in agreement upon hearing his updates. Cayden is right. It's obvious that the driver was familiar with the route. Sending the car to a junkyard right after the incident could also be one of the ways to destroy the evidence.
"What should we do next, Mr. Farwell? We've investigated this for a few days, and that's all we got for now. Who do you think the culprit could be?" The information Cayden had obtained was limited, and there were no other leads either. The cops did not know what else they could do since the driver had fully covered his face.
Cayden came all the way to give Lucian the updates because he wanted the latter to advise him on the next course of action.
After all, only Lucian knew what to do if it was a personal grudge between him and the culprit.
After keeping mum for a moment, he ordered, "Investigate all the companies that have borne grudges against Farwell Group."
At that time, only Sonya and Aubree were in the parking lot, and it seemed like the driver had marked Sonya as his target when he drove in her direction.
Lucian believed his mother would not offend anyone in the first place. The culprit must be one of my business rivals.
Cayden nodded in acknowledgment and immediately made the necessary arrangements. 
###Chapter 340
Chapter 340 Aggrieved
Due to Benny's health, although he felt better after taking his medicine, Roxanne was still worried, so she got him excused from school to rest at home. Archie also stayed home to accompany him. Meanwhile, having not seen the two brothers in kindergarten for two days in a row, let alone Roxanne, Estella became very depressed.
Originally, with Archie and Benny acting as examples, the children in the class would take her along to play. However, because of her aversion in the past two days, they also began to alienate her again. After class, Estella often sprawled on her desk, pouting while staring at Archie and Benny's seats, hoping they would suddenly appear in their seats.
"What are you doing, Estella?" A kid could not suppress his curiosity anymore, so he came over and asked her.
Estella, however, seemed to have not heard his voice and carried on clawing at the table.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
"Come and play with us!" he invited.
On the side, someone called out to him in a childish voice, "Ignore her, Yoel. Estella won't play with us!"
Yoel looked at Estella with some hesitation..
As early as before Archie and Benny came, he often invited Estella to play with him.
At that time, although Estella did not pay much attention to him, she would still have some reactions when she heard him speak, and sometimes, she would write and chat with him.
However, these two days, no matter what he said, she still acted as though she could not hear his voice.
The boy felt that her behavior was very strange and was a little worried about her.
Seeing his hand reaching over, Estella finally reacted, frowning and dodging it in displeasure.
Yoel's eyes lit up. Thinking that Estella was playing with him, he reached out again to grab her arm.
Estella slapped his hand away with a loud smack.
Many children around heard the noise, and when they saw Estella hitting Yoel, they all gathered around and reprimanded her in outrage, "Children can't hit people. Estella, apologize to Yoel now!" Estella didn't react until after hitting him, but she also felt very aggrieved.
By dodging his hand earlier, she was already telling him that she did not want him to touch her.
Yet, he still wanted to come over and touch her. She only hit him because she felt uncomfortable with it.
The back of Yoel's hand was all red, and he was momentarily stunned. I just wanted to play with her. Why did she hit me?
"Estella, apologize now, or we'll go tell the teacher!" someone warned while standing with arms akimbo.
Very soon, others chimed in.
Estella looked at the aggressive looks of the children around her before shifting her gaze to the empty seats of Archie and Benny, feeling aggrieved with reddened eyes.
If they were here, they would definitely speak up for me...
Thinking of the days when she was protected by the brothers and remembering how distant Roxanne was from her and her father during that period, she felt a sense of fear that Archie and Benny might never come back.
At that thought, Estella cried out in anguish.
When they saw her crying, the children were startled and fell silent, looking at each other in bafflement.
They only intended to seek justice for Yoel. Moreover, apologizing after hitting someone was the right thing to do. However, they did not expect Estella to cry as though she had been wronged.
Everyone felt puzzled, but seeing that she was crying so hard, they did not dare to say anything.
The class bell rang, and the children returned to their seats, feeling guilty. Nevertheless, Estella's tears continued to flow uncontrollably, looking distraught. 
###Chapter 341
Chapter 341 Only Want Archie And Benny
Pippa heard Estella's sobs as soon as she entered the classroom. She quickly looked over, only to see the little girl crying her heart out with a tearful face.
"What's wrong, Essie?" Pippa hurried to the little girl's side.
Estella simply continued crying without saying a word.
Beside her, Yoel obediently stood up and explained the situation to Pippa, "Ms. Ward, when class was over, I wanted to invite Estella to play, but I seemed to have scared her." Soon, someone could not stand it and spoke up for Yoel. "It was Estella who hit Yoel first, but she ended up crying herself."
Pippa listened to the children's words, and understanding dawned upon her.
Having been Estella's teacher for such a long time, she naturally was aware of the girl's condition. Moreover, she had also noticed Estella's gloomy mood for the past two days. It should be as Yoel said. He scared Essie, so she hit him.
At that thought, Pippa looked at Yoel with concern. "Where did Estella hit you? Are you okay? Let me have a look."
The boy stretched out his hand obediently. "She just hit the back of my hand. It doesn't hurt anymore."
Pippa looked over him, and after confirming that he was fine, she finally felt at ease. "I apologize to you on Essie's behalf."
Yoel nodded indifferently before looking at Estella with concern. "But she's still crying."
Pippa was equally worried. She lifted Estella, stood up, and said to the other students, "I'll take Essie out for a while. Another teacher will come to watch you. Be good." When the children agreed in unison, Pippa walked out of the classroom with Estella in her arms.
"Essie, I'll give your daddy a call, okay?"
Estella was not in a good state, and Pippa had no choice but to treat it seriously.
However, as soon as she spoke, she saw Estella shaking her head vigorously.
That left Pippa in a dilemma.
If I were to go against Essie's wishes at this moment, I'm afraid her situation would worsen. But if I don't get Mr. Farwell to come over, I also don't know what to do with her. "Then tell me why you're crying, okay?" she said patiently, trying her best to calm the little girl down.
Estella choked out two words, "Archie, Benny..."
Pippa's heart softened as she instantly understood what the girl meant.
Archie and Benny didn't come to school for the past two days, and she's feeling sad.
After knowing the reason Estella was crying, Pippa let out a sigh of relief and explained, "Benny is not feeling well these past two days, so he was excused from school. He will come after he has recovered." When she heard that, Estella's sobs reduced to sniffles, and she looked at her teacher with distrust on her teary face.
Seeing that Estella truly reacted because of this matter, Pippa felt relieved as she soothingly stroked the little girl's head. "I know that you like Archie and Benny, but the other children in the class are also very nice. Since those two are absent these two days, you can get to know the other children in the class better, Essie!"
Estella's eyebrows angled upward, forming an inverted vee as she shook her head in refusal.
I don't want to get to know the other kids. I only want Archie and Benny! Ms. Ward says that Benny is sick...
The little girl did not know if she could believe it, but she could not help worrying. She tried her best to hold back her tears and ran back to the classroom to get a pen and paper.
Seeing this, Pippa stared at her in puzzlement. 
###Chapter 342
Chapter 342 Send Her There
Estella held her book and wrote each letter carefully. When she was done, she lifted it to show Pippa.
She wrote: Ms. Ward, I also want to be excused from school.
The little girl looked at Pippa with a serious expression.
Pippa had roughly guessed Estella's intention, but she still asked, "Are you going to see Archie and Benny?"
Estella nodded vigorously.
Pippa frowned and thought for a while. "I can grant you leave from school, but you have to tell your daddy and let him take you there."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Estella's expression fell again when she heard that. She shook her head stubbornly and wrote in the notebook: No Daddy!
Seeing the big exclamation mark at the back, Pippa could not help but feel troubled.
Estella's situation was special in the first place. During the previous parent-child event, the little girl got lost, which scared Pippa a lot and made her even more concerned about the girl. Normally, in such situations, Pippa should get Estella's parents to come over to take her there. She even had to hand over the little girl to her father in person.
However, for some reason, Essie displays such aversion toward her daddy.
When she did not get a reply from Pippa after a long time, Estella pouted again, and her eyes were red.
She wished to visit Archie and Benny, but she knew that if her father went with her, Roxanne and the two boys would not be happy.
Pippa noticed that the little girl was about to cry again. In the spur of a moment, she could only say, "I'll take you there, okay?"
Estella's eyes lit up again as she nodded vigorously.
As soon as Pippa finished speaking, she regretted it. If something were to happen along the way, I couldn't bear such a responsibility. But I'm defenseless against her pitiful expression. In the end, Pippa still drove the little girl to Roxanne's house in person.
Roxanne had left her home address during the kindergarten registration. However, as it was Pippa's first time going there, she almost took a detour on the way. It was Estella who showed her the way. Pippa was somewhat surprised. She did not expect that the little girl had been to Roxanne's house so many times that she had even remembered the way.
By the time the two arrived at Roxanne's house, it was close to noon. Pippa led the little girl to ring the doorbell.
Roxanne had been accompanying the boys at home for the past two days. Upon hearing the doorbell ring, she immediately went to open the door.
The second she saw the people at the door, she was stunned.
Pippa gave Roxanne an awkward smile. "Sorry for the abrupt visit, Ms. Jarvis."
Roxanne slowly looked away from the little girl she was holding, turned sideways to let them in, and went to pour Pippa some coffee.
"Is there any particular reason for your visit, Ms. Ward?" Roxanne placed the cup down and sat down on the couch beside her.
Upon hearing that Pippa had come, Archie and Benny ran over to greet her before shifting their gazes to Estella beside her. There were still tear marks on the little girl's face, but when she saw the boys looking at her, she still gave them a sweet smile. Archie and Benny, however, were worried, wondering if Estella got bullied in kindergarten.
Pippa glanced at the boys before asking in concern, "Two days ago, you told me that Benny was sick. Essie was worried, so I sent her here and also came to see Benny. How is he?"
Hearing that, Roxanne looked at Estella with mixed emotions and explained to Pippa, "He's feeling much better, but I'm still worried, so I told him to rest at home for two more days. He'll go back to kindergarten in the next two days." 
###Chapter 343
Chapter 343 Were You Worried About Me
After asking a few more questions out of concern, Pippa checked the time and appeared troubled.
Although she agreed to excuse Estella from school, she did not take any leave, and it was not good to stay outside for too long.
"Since you've visited Archie and Benny, Essie, let's go back," Pippa asked the little girl for her opinion.
However, Estella stared at Roxanne and the boys, pursed her lips, and shook her head.
Seeing Estella's reaction, Pippa knew it would not be easy for her to take the little girl back that day. Not knowing what to do, she could only shoot Roxanne a beseeching look. Roxanne smiled at her. "Let Essie stay. I'll send her home later. You can go off first."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Hearing those words, Pippa sighed with relief and got up to say goodbye.
Roxanne and the children saw Pippa out before returning to the living room.
Estella clutched the woman's hand tightly the entire time and did not want to let go even though her hand was sweating.
Although Roxanne's heart softened at the sight, she had to force herself to be firm.
The reason why she told Pippa to let Estella stay was that she knew the little girl would not leave easily. Secondly, she also had something to say to the girl.
Roxanne crouched down, looked into Estella's eyes, and was about to speak when suddenly, the little girl's stomach growled.
"Essie is hungry, Mommy," Benny innocently reminded his mother.
Roxanne's eyebrows knitted slightly. However, looking at the innocent and pitiful little face in front of her, the words she intended to speak could not come out. She merely said, "It's lunchtime. Have lunch with us, Essie."
Estella bobbed her head obediently.
On the way to the restaurant, she also clutched Roxanne's hand tightly while staring intently at Benny beside her, her eyes filled with concern.
Benny knew that Estella was worried about him, but he had also noticed that she had not spoken a word ever since entering the house. To try to get her to talk, he pretended to be clueless and quietly sat down at the dining table.
Estella could not help but feel a little anxious upon noticing that Benny had clearly met her gaze but still had not spoken to her.
Opposite her, Benny deliberately put on a look of discomfort while peeking at Estella from time to time.
Anxious, she stammered, "B-Benny!"
Only then did he slowly meet her gaze. "What's the matter?"
Estella frowned and pointed to his stomach. "Not feeling well," she uttered.
Hearing her words, Benny smiled and reassured her, "I've recovered long ago! Didn't you hear what Mommy said? We're going back to kindergarten in the next two days!"
Only then did Estella feel relieved, nodding obediently with a smile on her face.
Benny, on the other hand, could not help but ask, "Did you cry just now? Was it because you were worried about me?"
Upon hearing that, Roxanne and Archie also subconsciously looked over.
From the moment the little girl entered the house, they had noticed the tear marks on her face and her reddened eyes but did not ask her about it.
Originally, Roxanne intended to explain the situation to Estella, cut off all ties, and simply be ruthless to her to the end.
However, she did not expect that there would be such warmth between them.
Hearing Benny's question to the little girl, she still could not help but be concerned about Estella.
Estella noticed that everyone was looking at her and her smile grew sweeter. She merely thought that Roxanne and the boys were concerned about her, feeling as though she had traveled back to the time when she was living in Roxanne's house. She nodded to them, admitting that she had cried because she was worried about Benny.
Upon seeing her nod, Roxanne felt unaccountably heavy-hearted. 
###Chapter 344
Chapter 344 Melted Heart
After lunch, Archie and Benny wanted to play with Estella, but Roxanne promptly stopped them. "The two of you can play on your own. I'm going to send Essie back."
She had wanted to make things clear to Estella but realized she couldn't bear to utter such harsh words, especially since the little girl had just bawled her eyes out. Thus, her only option was to send the kid back first.
Despite Archie and Benny's reluctance to part with Estella, they still nodded obediently at their mother.
However, now that Estella couldn't play with them, the two boys lost all interest and stood silently beside her and their mother.
Estella, on the other hand, was miffed by Roxanne's words. When she felt the latter's gaze on her, she pouted and looked away, refusing to say anything else.
Seeing how averse the little girl was to her, Roxanne's heart ached.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
My goodness, Essie has never given me the cold shoulder before. In all honesty, I'd never have been so cruel to her if I had a choice. How could I, when I've been treating her like the daughter I lost? There's nothing I want more than to be with her forever, but what else can I do when her family keeps us from getting close?
As she gazed at Estella's delicate profile, Roxanne pulled herself together and gently grabbed the little girl's shoulders. "Essie, I'll send you home, okay?"
The kid, however, pretended not to have heard anything and continued staring at the ground, only to have tears welling up in her eyes again when she blinked.
Having noticed the change in Estella's demeanor, Roxanne instantly felt a lump in her throat. A while later, she furrowed her brows and added, "I promised Ms. Ward I'll send you back. If you stayed here too long, she'd tell your father, and then he'd come looking for me."
In other words, she didn't want Lucian to drop by.
Upon hearing that, Estella turned back to look at Roxanne.
Thinking that the little girl might finally concede, Roxanne was about to breathe a sigh of relief when Estella mumbled, "Daddy won't come." Naturally, Roxanne was a little baffled by that comment.
It had been a while since Estella held a proper conversation, so she couldn't help but stumble over her words. "I-I won't let Ms. Ward tell Daddy." With that, she carefully approached Roxanne and tugged at the hem of her shirt with a pitiful look. "I want to stay with you, Ms. Jarvis." This time around, Roxanne didn't flinch. After all, she had grown accustomed to Estella's little tricks.
Alas, by the time she realized what was happening, the latter had already latched onto her.
Roxanne's heart instantly melted when she saw how sad and vulnerable the little girl was.
For some time, she had tried her best to avoid Lucian and Estella, and even when they met, she made sure to act a lot colder than before.
However, with Estella being so sensitive to emotions and the environment, Roxanne was sure she must have realized the physical and emotional distancing she did earlier.
I thought that with time, Essie would reduce her dependence on me, and I'd also stop missing her so much. But who knew the kid would cling to me so stubbornly? No matter how much I try to distance myself, she still refuses to leave my side. Then again, aren't I the same? I haven't seen Essie for so long, yet my heart still softens at the sight of her.
After seeing that Roxanne wasn't pushing her away, Estella leaned closer into her arms and mumbled, "Ms. Jarvis, I know you don't like Daddy. I won't let Daddy come. Please don't chase me away." 
###Chapter 345
Chapter 345 Roxanne No Longer Likes Estella
Roxanne felt even more conflicted when she heard the tiny, adorable voice in her ear.
I knew it. I knew Essie was highly empathic and would've realized I was distancing myself from Lucian. That's why she had visited me the last couple of times without letting him know. Am I truly that important to her?
Upon seeing how pitiful Estella was, Archie and Benny couldn't help but put in a good word for her.
"Mommy, since Essie came alone, why don't you let her play with us for a bit more?" Benny pleaded as he tugged at Roxanne's sleeve.
"Mommy, Mr. Farwell wouldn't come looking for her so soon," Archie chimed in. "Let Essie stay here a little longer!"
Roxanne stayed silent for quite some time, not knowing what to say.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Estella, on the other hand, buried herself in Roxanne's embrace. Afraid that the latter might reject her, she kept her gaze lowered, not daring to make eye contact.
Roxanne glanced at her boys' pleading looks before checking the time.
Ah, it's not even one in the afternoon. Lucian should still be working at this hour. Even if he finds out that Essie is with me, I doubt he'd rush here immediately. Besides, this might be the last time I get to be with Essie.
With that in mind, Roxanne sighed to herself and finally gave in.
"All right. You can stay for a while more," she said as she ruffled Estella's hair. "Go on and play with the boys. I'll send you back later."
Archie and Benny's eyes lit up, and they immediately invited Estella to a game of Lego.
However, the latter merely shook her head and followed Roxanne in silence.
I can feel that Ms. Jarvis isn't treating me the same as before. I didn't even bring Daddy along, yet she still wants to send me away. Does she now hate me like she hates Daddy?
Having been struck by that sudden realization, Estella stopped in her tracks and stared wistfully at Roxanne's back.
Roxanne knew the little girl had been following her, so when she heard the footsteps stop, she turned around instinctively. To her surprise, Estella was gazing at her with teary eyes, looking every bit like an innocent, wounded animal.
Needless to say, that sight tugged at Roxanne's heartstrings. She, too, stopped and hesitated before walking back to Estella. "What's wrong, Essie?"
"You don't like me anymore, Ms. Jarvis," a misty-eyed Estella replied with absolute certainty.
Roxanne froze, taken aback by the little girl's answer.
Estella looked down dejectedly and added, “You don't like Daddy, so you chased him away. Now you want to chase me away too. You've stopped liking me, Ms. Jarvis."
For a moment, Roxanne was at a loss for words. She never thought Estella would draw such a conclusion from everything that had happened.
Of course, she still liked the latter.
However, if she were to continue spending time with Estella, it'd only increase the chances of bumping into Lucian, who was now nothing but trouble.
Even if Roxanne didn't mind, she knew she had to keep Archie and Benny safe.
Besides, according to what Sonya had said, it was only a matter of time before Lucian married Aubree. It wouldn't be appropriate to continue seeing Lucian or Estella then, would it?
Yes, I pushed them away, but it wasn't because I disliked them. Then again, if I denied Essie's line of reasoning, wouldn't I also be implying I don't hate Lucian? 
###Chapter 346
Chapter 346 Picking Her Mommy
"Don't dislike me, Ms. Jarvis," Estella pleaded. She was holding onto the corner of Roxanne's shirt and trying to bury herself in Roxanne's embrace.
Roxanne turned around and squatted down to let Estella hug her. In a helpless tone, she uttered, "I don't dislike you."
"Why are you chasing me away, Ms. Jarvis?" Estella muttered.
Roxanne sensed that Estella was about to break down into tears. She hugged Estella and gently touched the corners of her eyes.
Estella pursed her lips and stared at Roxanne, waiting for an answer.
After a while, Roxanne said, "I'm not sending you back because I don't like you. It's just that we shouldn't be so close."
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Estella furrowed her brows after hearing those words. She then tilted her head and looked at Roxanne puzzledly. I like Ms. Jarvis a lot, and we've always been this close. Why should things be different now? Is it because of Daddy?
At that thought, Estella grew anxious, and she uttered cautiously, "I won't tell Daddy about this. I can come without him knowing."
Roxanne was briefly stunned by her words, and she was amused at the same time.
Roxanne didn't answer, so Estella started to panic. What else am I supposed to do? I like Ms. Jarvis, and I like Daddy as well. However, Ms. Jarvis doesn't like Daddy. I have no choice but to come to see her without Daddy knowing. I can't possibly give up on Daddy, can I? Must I make a choice between Ms. Jarvis and Daddy?
With that thought in mind, Estella burst into tears. "I want Daddy, and I want Ms. Jarvis as well..."
Roxanne's heart broke when she saw Estella crying because those words were like daggers to her heart.
Roxanne averted her gaze and avoided looking at Estella when she said, "Be good, okay, Essie? When you get a mommy next time, your mommy will treat you even better than I do."
Still crying, Estella shook her head. "No! I don't want a mommy!"
Estella was crying so hard that her voice cracked.
Roxanne glanced at Estella and saw how reddened Estella's face was. She then endured her heartbreak and said, "That's not up to you to decide, okay? Eventually, your daddy is going to get married. By then you'll have a mommy. If your mommy sees how close we are, she'll get angry."
"I don't want that! I don't want that bad woman to be my mommy!" Estella cried and screamed at the top of her lungs.
Although Roxanne didn't mention any names, Estella knew exactly who Roxanne was referring to. There's no way I'll accept that evil woman as my mommy! That evil woman is the reason Ms. Jarvis doesn't want me.
Estella stamped her feet angrily and yelled, "I hate that woman! I hate that evil woman!"
Upon hearing that, Roxanne narrowed her eyes.
She knew who Estella was referring to, but she didn't know Estella would have such a big reaction.
Roxanne then felt pitiful when she recalled how ruthless Aubree was toward Estella. Sonya and Lucian had already decided to let Aubree marry into the family. Who am I to say anything about that? All I can do is hope that Aubree would treat Essie better.
While listening to Estella crying, Roxanne couldn't help but wipe the tears off of her face and hug her. She gently patted Estella's back and consoled, "Essie, don't cry, okay? Since you're so cute, I am sure your mommy is going to love you. You have to listen to your daddy and your mommy, okay?" 
###Chapter 347
Chapter 347 Heartless
In Roxanne's embrace, Estella was crying her lungs out when she tightened her grip on Roxanne's shirt and uttered, "I want you, Ms. Jarvis. I want you to be my mommy!"
Roxanne was stunned.
Estella then added, "You're the best, Ms. Jarvis. Daddy likes you too..."
It was then Roxanne returned to her senses and scoffed at herself. Why would Essie come to such a conclusion? Perhaps she thinks when two people interact with each other more often, they're into each other. I think that's why she likes Benny and Archie. No matter how I explain the situation to her, I bet she'll never understand it. She would definitely refuse to acknowledge the fact that Lucian likes Aubree. With that thought in mind, Roxanne couldn't help but feel a headache coming.
A while later, she reached out her hand to wipe the tears off Estella's face and uttered tactfully, "I-I won't be here forever. I've only returned to the country for work this time around. Once I'm done, I'll have to leave the country again. Hence, I won't be able to be your mommy, Essie."
Although she had already tried her best to be tactful, Estella ended up wanting her to stay even more.
After she stopped crying for a while, Estella cried even harder because knew she wouldn't be able to see Roxanne anymore once she had left the country.
Roxanne was taken aback, and she felt a panic rising in her chest.
Archie and Benny heard Estella crying, so they quickly rushed to the scene. They looked at Estella worriedly and asked, "Mommy, what happened to Essie?" Roxanne parted her lips but didn't know how to respond to their question.
Tears were streaming down Estella's cheeks, and she pleaded in a hoarse voice, "Don't leave, Ms. Jarvis..."
Benny and Archie looked perplexed. "Where are you going, Mommy?"
Roxanne had only said that because that was the first thing she could think of at that moment. Hence, she hadn't told Benny and Archie about it yet. Right then, all three kids were staring at her.
Roxanne bit her lip and endured the heartbreak. "Once I'm done with my work here, I'll take you guys abroad. Unlike here, I think you guys are more accustomed to the lifestyle abroad. After all, that's where I raised you guys."
Hearing that, Archie and Benny were briefly stunned. This is so sudden. However, there's not much difference. We've only come back to Chanaea this time around because we wanted to see what Daddy looks like. Not only have we seen him, but we've also found out he doesn't want us around.
They were only reluctant to leave Chanaea because of Estella and Madilyn. We can still keep in contact with Aunt Madilyn after we leave the country. We can never look for Essie anymore, though. Archie and Benny looked at Estella, who was in Roxanne's embrace, longingly.
Since Daddy is going to marry another woman, Mommy won't contact him anymore after we leave the country. Hence, we might never get to talk to Essie again. Archie and Benny were saddened by the fact that they would lose contact with Estella.
Since I've already said so much, I should just say it as it is. Otherwise, Estella is going to end up crying once again in the future. Under their intense gazes, Roxanne frowned and toughened herself up when she said, "After this, I might not be able to see you again.
However, you should know that I'll be missing you dearly. Be good, okay? Listen to your daddy and talk to him more often." Roxanne forced out a smile and glanced at Estella. 
###Chapter 348
Chapter 348 The Reason You Leave
I won't be able to see Ms. Jarvis ever again. Estella was too heartbroken to listen to what she was told. Knowing that Roxanne was leaving, she couldn't help but sob again.
Roxanne smiled wryly and caressed Estella's head. "This could be the last time I see you, Essie. Don't cry anymore. Please smile more, okay?"
Estella cried and shook her head. "Don't leave, Ms. Jarvis."
Roxanne let Estella cry for a while and comforted her when she got less emotional. "Get well soon, Essie. Once you're all grown up, you can come and visit me abroad."
Deep down, Estella knew there was no way she could convince Roxanne to stay. Upon hearing her words, she grew hopeful. She then looked at Roxanne innocently and asked, "Really?"
Roxanne smiled and nodded.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Estella was still unconvinced. "But when I'm all grown up, will you still remember me, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne shook her head firmly and answered, "Why wouldn't I? You're so cute, Essie. Why would I forget you?"
Archie and Benny quickly chimed in, "We'll remember you as well, Essie. Get well soon, okay?"
After getting her assurances, Estella went quiet for a while before nodding and wiping the tears off of her cheeks. "I'll stop crying now."
Since this is going to be the last time Ms. Jarvis sees me, I must leave a good impression. I don't want her to only remember me crying. At that thought, Estella tried her best to smile.
Seeing that, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief. Although she was heartbroken, she put on a straight face and said, "Let's play Lego, okay? After that, I'll send you home."
The kids nodded obediently.
Knowing that they were about to leave each other, Archie and Benny were very attentive to Estella. They stacked their Lego bricks slowly and focused on Estella's hands. Every time she needed something, they would attend to her and help her.
Estella, on the other hand, was rather absent-minded, and she kept checking the time.
By four in the afternoon, Roxanne glanced at the kids, steeled herself, and uttered, "It's about time I send you back, Essie."
Hearing that, the kids quickly put the Lego bricks aside.
Although Estella was still smiling at Roxanne, she was utterly saddened. Consequently, the smile on her face was stiff.
Roxanne sighed inwardly and blamed herself for being so heartless. She's still so little. I should be nice to her, but she's still Lucian's kid.
Archie and Benny got up and hugged Estella with heavy hearts. "We'll still see each other at the kindergarten! Wait for us, okay?" Estella's eyes lit up, and she nodded fervently.
Roxanne got up and held Estella's hand before bringing her out of the house.
While they were on their way to the Farwell residence, Roxanne kept mum because she was overwhelmed by mixed feelings.
Estella was sitting at the back of the car and didn't talk much as well.
Once she had stopped the car outside the Farwell residence, Estella asked cautiously, "Ms. Jarvis, are you leaving the country because of Daddy?"
In response, Roxanne froze for a few seconds. She then smiled calmly at Estella and said, "No. I came back for work purposes, so I have to leave after I'm done with the work." 
###Chapter 349
Chapter 349 Must We Leave
Estella merely kept quiet after hearing her answer.
Roxanne opened the car door and carried Estella out of the car before leading her toward the manor by her hand.
Roxanne then let go of her hand to let Estella enter the manor. Right then, Estella raised her gaze and looked at Roxanne solemnly.
When their gazes met, Roxanne's heart softened. She squatted down and looked into Estella's eyes. "Is there something you would like to tell me, Essie?"
I wonder why Ms. Jarvis hates Daddy so much that she would chase Daddy away every time she sees him. However, I can tell that Daddy has good intentions for Ms. Jarvis. Since Daddy likes Ms. Jarvis, I hope Ms. Jarvis would stop hating Daddy. Estella nodded slightly and uttered in a cute tone, "Ms. Jarvis, don't hate Daddy."
Thinking that she could be seeing Estella for the last time, Roxanne nodded.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Estella gave Roxanne a hug with a heavy heart before going into the manor.
Roxanne didn't dare to go in because she was worried that Lucian and the maids would see her. Hence, she could only watch Estella leave before going back into her car.
At that moment, Catalina was preparing for dinner in the manor. That was when she suddenly heard the doorbell ring. She immediately went to open the door and saw Estella at the door on her own. Shocked, she checked the surroundings, but she didn't see another soul.
"Ms. Estella, you should still be at the kindergarten, no? Why have you come back alone? Who sent you back?" Catalina asked worriedly before bringing Estella in. She then checked the surroundings once
more.
Estella was only forcing herself to smile in front of Roxanne. Since they had parted ways, her mood turned sour again. In response to Catalina's questions, she shook her head absent-mindedly before heading upstairs.
Seeing that, Catalina grew concerned. After mulling over it for a while, she decided to call Lucian.
Meanwhile, Roxanne felt conflicted after she got into her car.
After sitting in a daze for a while in her car, Roxanne started her car and drove back.
Back home, Archie and Benny were sitting on the couch, waiting for her to reach home. Upon seeing her, they rushed up to her worriedly.
"Mommy, is Essie home already?"
At the mention of Estella, Roxanne smiled bitterly and nodded at Archie and Benny. "Did Essie cry again in the car? She seemed so sad just now," Benny questioned. Roxanne caressed his head and answered, "No, she didn't. She was very well-behaved." Hearing that, Benny and Archie nodded. However, they were still staring fixedly at Roxanne. Roxanne was startled by their intense gazes. With a frown, she asked, "What's wrong?" "Mommy, must we leave and stay abroad?" Benny stared at Roxanne in puzzlement.
Prior to that, they didn't know they were going to settle down in a foreign country. They thought they were going to stay in Chanaea for good. Why would Mommy suddenly suggest something like that? There must be a reason behind it. Could the reason be Daddy?
Roxanne nodded gently in response.
Initially, she planned to settle down in Chanaea with Archie and Benny.
However, she didn't expect to bump into Lucian again after returning to the country. Besides, she noticed the dramatic change of attitude Lucian had toward her. Because of him, my life is a mess now. I must get away from him so that I can protect Archie and Benny. 
###Chapter 350
Chapter 350 Fully Cured
Meanwhile, at the Farwell residence, Lucian immediately stopped working after getting the call from Catalina. He rushed home from the office and called James on the way.
Ever since the abduction incident, Estella had suffered from mental instability and they had to pay extra attention to her.
Catalina stepped forward as soon as she noticed the two of them stepped inside the house.
"Where is Essie?" Lucian furrowed his brows and eyed the living room. There was no sign of the little girl anywhere.
Catalina pointed upstairs and said, "She went up to her own room after coming back, and she didn't seem like she was in a good mood. No matter what I said, she just paid no heed to me. I didn't know what else to do but to get you back home."
Lucian nodded solemnly and brought James upstairs.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Estella's room was locked, and it was eerily quiet.
Lucian's heart sank. He knocked on the door gently and said, “Essie, it's Daddy. Could you open the door and let me in?"
No sound was heard coming from the inside of the room. Estelle did not seem to have any intention of opening the door either.
Lucian turned around to look at James.
He was not actually worried about Estella coming home alone.
Her brooding, however, was something he was worried about.
Lucian was concerned that Estella would lock herself up like last time.
Likewise, James was worried about the little girl.
He had been Estella's psychologist for many years. Even though her condition had not improved over the years, it was still a rare condition, especially considering her age.
The two of them hesitated for some time. Lucian ordered Catalina in a low voice, "Go take the keys."
Just when Catalina was about to go fetch the keys, Estella opened the door.
The three adults heaved a sigh of relief.
"What happened? Why did you come back alone?" Lucian leaned forward and eyed the little girl.
Estella seemed upset and shook her head. It was apparent that she did not wish to talk about it.
Seeing that Estella was at least somewhat responsive to his question, Lucian was relieved. He patted her on her head and said, "It's all right if you don't want to say it. Just take a good rest. I'll call you when it's time for dinner later."
Estella nodded meekly.
When she went inside, Lucian ordered in a low voice, "Don't lock the door anymore."
Estella agreed.
She closed the door, and Lucian brought James to his study.
"What do you think about Essie's current condition?"
They sat opposite each other in the study.
James had been observing Estella and did not notice any changes in her. He nodded and said, "Same old, same old. Perhaps only some people could make her condition better."
Of course, Lucian was well aware of who he was referring to.
"I would suggest for her to get in touch with Ms. Jarvis more often. Estella might just recover after some time," James commented.
He noticed that Lucian's face grew solemn. Puzzled, he asked, "Why? Is it not feasible?"
Lucian pinched between his brows and said, "I'm afraid that is not likely at the moment."
Of course, Lucian knew that Estella would get better with Roxanne by her side.
However, Roxanne was not particularly fond of him. Lucian reckoned that it would be almost impossible for her to agree to Estella staying with her.
James was saddened by the news. "Well, you will be Estella's best hope then. You have to pay more attention to her condition. Anyhow, you may contact me for anything. Nothing has changed in that regard." Lucian nodded solemnly. 
###Chapter 351
Chapter 351 A Heavy Heart
After confirming that Estella was all right, James did not linger and left before dinner.
Lucian stayed in his study for some time. Then, he took out his phone and gave Pippa a call.
He had personally sent Estella to the kindergarten in the morning. Even if she had left alone, Lucian reckoned that she would have left from the kindergarten. Pippa should have known what had transpired.
On the other end, Pippa was nervous to get a call from Lucian, and she told him everything.
"I left after leaving Estella there. Ms. Jarvis told me she would send her back. Did she not?" Pippa said apprehensively.
She regretted leaving Estella with Roxanne right then.
After all, she had not sought Lucian's consent and brought Estella to Archie and Benny's home, and even proceeded to leave the little girl there.
There was no explaining it any other way. She was being irresponsible.
Lucian was displeased with Pippa's recklessness. Besides, Estella had gone home on her own...
"She did." Lucian's eyes darkened. "How is Benny doing?"
Nonetheless, Lucian chose to tell Pippa that Roxanne did send Estella home. Pippa heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing that. She hurriedly replied, "He is doing fine now. Benny should be able to return to school in two days' time."
"I see. Thank you," Lucian replied curtly.
Pippa apologized profusely before finally hanging up the phone.
Lucian was deep in his thoughts after listening to Pippa.
Ever since bumping into Roxanne the other day at the café, Lucian had not seen her since.
He had no idea what his mother told Roxanne the other day. However, he could sense that Roxanne would not wish to see him for some time after that.
Hence, he only knew that Benny was not feeling well. He had no idea about his recovery and everything else. Lucian knew that Roxanne would not tell him anything even if he were to call her and ask. Lucian's tips pursed into a thin, hard line at the thought.
According to Pippa, Roxanne should have been the one to send Estella home.
She would not have dropped Estella halfway.
Roxanne should have dropped Estella off at the manor's entrance and did not get in. Hence, Catalina did not realize that it was Roxanne who sent Estella home.
In other words, Roxanne was still avoiding him.
Lucian grew exasperated at the thought and pinched between his brows.
Someone knocked on the door to his study right then. It was Catalina. "Mr. Farwell, it's time for dinner."
Lucian snapped out of his thoughts and mumbled a response. Then, he strode out of his room and went to get Estella.
She did not linger in her room and came out right after Lucian called her. Even though she was not in her best mood, she looked normal.
Lucian slowed down and followed behind the little girl solemnly.
Estella should have been happy if she had gone to Roxanne's place. However, she did not look happy at all. Lucian could not help but wonder what Roxanne had told Estella. Didn't she promise that our spat won't affect the children?
After getting downstairs, Lucian sat down beside Estella and asked casually, "Where did you go today?"
Estella was stumped for a moment. Then, she shook her head in silence. It was obvious that she did not wish to talk about it.
Lucian furrowed his brows and grew more certain that Roxanne must have told her something.
Just when he was befuddled as to what Roxanne had told his daughter, Estella tugged at his shirt.
Lucian lowered his head in a puzzled manner.
"I want veggies," Estella gave her father a puppy-eyed stare and pointed at the vegetables that were at the other corner of the dining table. Lucian was taken aback.
It was the first time that Estella had spoken to him ever since the abduction incident, and it had nothing to do with Roxanne. 
###Chapter 352
Chapter 352 Aversion
Noticing that her father had given her no response, Estella pushed her plate forward and egged Lucian on.
Lucian finally snapped out of his surprise and put some veggies on Estella's plate.
She lowered her head and started to eat. Her appetite was obviously much better than before.
Estella finished her dinner and wiped her mouth clean before heading upstairs. Lucian called out her name, stopping Estella in her tracks. "Essie."
Estella stopped and turned around to look at Lucian in a puzzled manner.
Lucian met her gaze and could no longer restrain himself as he asked, "Did you go to Ms. Jarvis' place today?"
The little girl's lips pursed into a hard line after listening to her father. Then, she lowered her head and appeared reluctant to divulge anything to Lucian.
He got up from his seat and walked over to Estella's side. Lucian carried her to the couch and said, "I called Ms. Ward. She told me."
Estella furrowed her brows and said, "I don't like Ms. Ward."
She had promised Estella that she would not tell Lucian about this.
Lucian eased her furrowed brows and corrected her, "Ms. Ward was right. You are my daughter. I have the right to know about your whereabouts at school. Besides, Catalina told me that you came back on your own. I was worried, and I could only ask Ms. Ward what happened. She was surprised to hear what happened too."
Estella looked guilty and uttered in a small voice, "Not on my own."
Lucian had expected that reply.
Lucian patted her head and said, "I know. Ms. Jarvis must have sent you home. I explained it to Ms. Ward too."
The tense expression on her face eased a little.
"Why can't you tell me about going to Ms. Jarvis' place?" Lucian asked softly. Of course, he already had an answer. However, he would not deign to admit it to himself. Estella merely shook her head in silence.
Lucian frowned slightly and egged her on, "Did she ask you to do this?"
Estella immediately shook her head and hurriedly explained, "Essie wanted to!"
"Why? Do you think I will stop you from seeing Ms. Jarvis?" Lucian asked. Estella, who would hardly speak to him, jumped to defend Roxanne. Lucian could not help but feel defeated. Estella lowered her head and said nothing.
Silence stretched between the father and daughter duo for some time.
Lucian could not help but feel that something was amiss. Ever since he met Archie and Benny, he could sense that the two were averse to him.
Moreover, Lucian sensed that their aversion toward him had reached its peak recently.
He could forgo that.
However, he could not forgo the fact that even Estella was trying to hide something from him.
Estella had no idea about her true identity, and yet she was already defending and siding with Roxanne.
Lucian even surmised that Estella might think that both himself and Roxanne were equally important.
Silence continued to fill the air for some time. Just when Lucian was about to give up questioning Estella, she suddenly said in her innocent voice, "Ms. Jarvis does not like you." Lucian's brows creased.
The little girl lifted her head and looked at Lucian and gave her father a wistful gaze. "Ms. Jarvis will chase you away."
Even though Estella stopped at that, Lucian knew the little girl actually had more to say.
If Lucian knew that she was going to Roxanne's place, he would have tagged along.
Roxanne had been keeping her distance from him. If she saw that Lucian was also there, Roxanne would have chased him away, and Estella would not be welcome either. 
###Chapter 353
Chapter 353 Fury
Estella stared right at Lucian after she was done talking.
She could sense Roxanne, Archie, and Benny's aversion toward Lucian.
Estella had attributed their aversion to Lucian.
She had been honest with Lucian in hopes that he would reflect upon himself and treat Roxanne, Archie, and Benny better so that they would warm up to Lucian. Maybe Roxanne would decide to stay then.
At the thought that Roxanne would migrate overseas, the little girl turned wistful.
Lucian's mood took a roller coaster at his daughter's remarks.
Roxanne had said the very same thing.
"Did she say that to Essie too? Is that why Essie came back sulking?" he wondered.
Lucian wanted his questions answered. Hence, he asked, "Did Ms. Jarvis tell you that she doesn't like me in the afternoon?"
Estella shook her head.
Somehow, Lucian heaved a sigh of relief when Estella shook her head. He knew that Estella had only made her own deduction after observing the way Roxanne treated him. However, given that Roxanne had said no such thing to Estella, then why did the little girl come back sulking? Estella was acting oddly during dinner time as well.
The more Lucian thought about it, the more befuddled he was. "Why did you come back sulking then? Did Ms. Jarvis tell you something?"
His question hit the bullseye.
Estella had ruminated over what Roxanne told her the whole afternoon and lowered her head sadly. In the end, she muttered, "Ms. Jarvis will not play with me anymore." Lucian's eyes darkened. "Why?"
Roxanne had promised that whatever happened between them would not affect the children. Why did she tell Estella that?
Again, Estella shook her head.
Lucian pressed on, "Did Ms. Jarvis say you can't tell me?"
The little girl shook her head.
"Then you can tell me. Maybe I can help you persuade her," Lucian said.
Even though Estella knew the chances were slim, she could not help but see a glimmer of hope and said in a small voice, "Ms. Jarvis is moving overseas with Archie and Benny." She grew despondent after saying that.
Lucian's heart skipped a beat when he heard that. His face turned cold as the air grew still.
"Roxanne is moving overseas with the boys?" he thought. It was something that he never heard before.
"Is she doing this because of me? Or is she just brushing Essie off?" Lucian thought.
If that was true, judging from the way she had been avoiding him lately, Lucian reckoned that he would not have known until after Roxanne had already left.
Lucian had been trying to locate the woman for six whole years, and had finally done so after much effort. He fumed with fury at the fact that Roxanne was planning to leave without another word. The more he thought about it, the angrier he got.
Estella's eyes brimmed with tears as she did not manage to get a reply from Lucian. "Daddy, I don't want Ms. Jarvis to go...'
Then, she carefully tugged at Lucian's shirt.
When he finally snapped out of his thoughts, Lucian turned to his daughter. However, he could not seem to utter any words of assurance to her daughter.
Of course, Lucian did now wish for Roxanne to evade him once again.
Then again, given the state of their strained relationship right then, he knew that he had no right to interfere in her matters. 
###Chapter 354
Chapter 354 Get The Hell Out Of Horington
Seeing how her father kept silent, Estella slowly lowered her eyes. She too remained speechless for a while before lifting her head to look at Lucian with puppy-dog eyes. "Then can I play with Ms. Jarvis when I grow up, Daddy?"
Lucian was stunned once again when he heard his daughter. Estella's still so young, yet she's already thinking about the future. If Roxanne promised Estella that, it means she really does plan to go overseas. In fact, she will stop contacting Estella after leaving.
With that thought in mind, Lucian could not help feeling the sting of irony.
Lucian wondered how Roxanne would react if she found out that she was about to abandon Estella again after having done the same when the girl was still a baby.
Still, Estella had already made up her mind. "Ms. Jarvis said I could play with her when I got older, so I'm going to grow up faster," stated the girl in all seriousness as she looked at Lucian.
I don't doubt that Roxanne has taught Estella to say that. Lucian had mixed feelings when he remembered Estella's odd behavior at the dining table just then.
Estella ate more than usual and even started conversations with me. She's probably hoping to get better soon because of what Roxanne said to her. Does Roxanne have any idea just how much influence she has on Estella?
The girl muttered to herself for a moment before lowering her eyes again in despair. "It'd be nice if Ms. Jarvis stays..." Even though Ms. Jarvis promised me that I could play with her overseas when I grew up, it'll take a long while before that happens. I want to see Ms. Jarvis every day.
Lucian's face hardened when he saw how sad Estella was. "Daddy will find a way," promised Lucian in a deep voice. Even though my relationship with Roxanne is pretty stiff now, I won't let her get away so easily now that I know she's planning to run off. Not only because I spent six years looking for her, but she's also Estella's biological mother!
Estella became hopeful again after listening to her father, so she nodded firmly.
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Aubree waited until it was time for Lucian to get off work, but still, she did not see the man. Instead, she got a call from her subordinate. "Ms. Pearson, Ms. Estella went to look for Roxanne with her teacher. She stayed at Roxanne's until four o'clock in the afternoon. Then, the woman sent her home."
Aubree's face immediately turned grim when she heard that. "What about Lucian? Did you see him?"
She only went through all the suffering because she wanted Lucian and Roxanne to have no time for each other.
Besides that, Aubree also deliberately showed how important Lucian was to her the last time Roxanne visited her at the hospital. If Lucian went to see that b*tch again today, all my suffering would be in vain! "Mr. Farwell never showed up. However, he returned home with a man not long after Ms. Estella did. Ms. Estella seemed to be in trouble because Mr. Farwell looked anxious," reported the subordinate hurriedly.
Aubree secretly let out a sigh of relief before ordering, "Okay. Continue to keep your eyes on Roxanne." With that, the woman ended the phone call.
After listening to her subordinate, Aubree assumed that Lucian stayed home to keep Estella company.
The woman then lay down on the hospital bed and began scheming against Roxanne. My plan might've cut down the possibility of Lucian seeing that b*tch, but it doesn't affect the little brat. If I don't do something about that brat, it'll be only a matter of time before Lucian and Roxanne meet again. My only option is to get that b*tch the hell out of Horington! 
###Chapter 355
Chapter 355 Not Good For Her Mental Condition
After some thought, Aubree pulled out her phone and called Sonya.
It did not take long before Sonya answered the call. "Is something wrong, Aubree?"
"Mrs. Farwell, can you please come over? My arm hurts so bad, and I'm scared..." Aubree's voice was full of unease. "Just give me a moment. I'll be right over," promised Sonya immediately.
With that, the woman hurriedly got changed before striding out the door.
Only after getting into her car did Sonya begin to wonder why Aubree called her if Lucian was with the young woman. "What about Lucian? Isn't he with you?" inquired Sonya curiously.
"I'm not sure where he is either. Maybe he's working overtime. I didn't call him because I didn't want to disturb him. My parents weren't answering my calls, so I had no choice but to trouble you." There was a hint of sadness in Aubree's voice.
Hence, Sonya quickly comforted the young woman. "It's okay. You only got hurt because of me, so taking care of you is the least I can do. Just wait for me at the hospital. I'll be right over."
After Aubree agreed to her request, Sonya hung up and dialed Lucian's phone number with a hardened face.
She found it hard to believe that her son would still be working at such a late hour.
Lucian tucked Estella in after chatting with her, and as soon as he left his daughter's room, he got a call from Sonya.
"Where are you? You haven't gotten off work yet?" questioned Sonya suspiciously.
Having figured out why his mother called almost immediately, Lucian rubbed his temple. "I have. Essie isn't feeling well today, so I came home early to look after her."
When Sonya heard that Estella was unwell, her tone softened up. "How's she doing now?"
"Better than how she was in the afternoon. I just tucked her in," replied Lucian.
"She seemed fine the last I saw her. What happened to her today?" Sonya continued with her questioning.
Lucian fell silent for a while when he thought about why Estella was sad. In the end, he decided to brush off the question. "She's probably just suffering a relapse."
After that, the man suddenly thought of something, so he added, "Dr. Lambert said Essie needs me right now, so I might not be able to go to the hospital at the moment. If necessary, I can hire a top grade caregiver for Aubree."
In response, Sonya furrowed her eyebrows in disagreement. "If that's the case, you should take Essie to the hospital so she and Aubree can bond. I'm sure Aubree's better at taking care of the child. After all, women tend to be more thoughtful and caring."
"There's no need for Essie and Aubree to bond. Besides, the environment at the hospital isn't good for Essie's mental condition," protested Lucian somewhat coldly, for he was sure he had made it clear back a the café that he would not marry Aubree.
The man did not expect his mother to be so persistent even after what he said.
Rubbing his eyebrows irritably, Lucian added before Sonya could respond, "Aubree has almost fully recovered. I'll send a caregiver over tomorrow, and if you're still worried about her, you can always visit her. I won't stop you."
Frowning, Sonya was displeased with Lucian's tone. However, before she could say anything to reprimand her son, the man voiced once again, "Essie's awake. I have to go check on her. If there's nothing else, I'm hanging up now."
Lucian then ended the phone call without waiting for Sonya's response, leaving the woman to her thoughts. 
###Chapter 356
Chapter 356 Nothing Is More Important
Sonya's veins immediately popped after the call ended.
The woman remained boiling with anger even after she had reached the hospital. I've wanted to see Lucian marry Aubree for so many years, but now he tells me that he's planning to break up with Aubree? I won't accept that!
Only when Sonya reached the door to Aubree's room did she replace her anger with worry.
Curled up in bed, Aubree seemed to have fallen asleep, so Sonya tiptoed into the room to check on the young woman.
When Sonya noticed how much thinner Aubree had become, she was convinced that the poor woman had suffered because of the injury.
Even though Aubree was asleep, her eyebrows were tightly knitted, showing her discomfort.
Seeing Aubree like that only made Sonya feel more guilty. "I'm here, Aubree," informed Sonya in a soft voice.
Aubree furrowed her eyebrows even more when she heard Sonya. Only after staring at the elderly woman for a while did Aubree regain her senses. "I didn't expect you to be here so soon, Mrs. Farwell." Sonya quickly stopped Aubree when the young woman tried to sit up. "It's okay. You don't have to get up."
After gazing at Aubree's injured arm, Sonya inquired concernedly, "How's your arm? I can get someone to check it out for you."
In response, Aubree pretended to feel her arm for a while before smiling apologetically at Sonya. "It doesn't hurt anymore. It seems I made a big fuss out of nothing. I'm sorry for troubling you at such a late hour, Mrs. Farwell."
Sonya let out a sigh of relief. "I'm glad to hear that you're fine."
Then, Aubree looked expectantly behind Sonya as though she expected someone to be following behind the elderly woman. When she could not find anybody, she lowered her eyes in disappointment. "Where's Lucian, Mrs. Farwell? Is he still working?" asked Aubree, pretending to be unaffected by the man's absence.
Sonya boiled with anger once again when Lucian was mentioned, but for Aubree's sake, she suppressed her emotions. "Lucian's already gone home. Essie's not feeling well, so I'm afraid that he won't be..." "He should stay home with Essie," voiced Aubree with a warm smile. "My arm's fine. Plus, Essie is more important."
When Sonya saw how understanding Aubree, she felt even guiltier about her son's actions, so she promised, "You're the best daughter-in-law anyone can ever ask for. I'll get Lucian to marry you as soon as you recover!"
To that, Aubree responded with a shy nod.
Sonya could not see it, but Aubree's lips had already cracked into a devious smirk.
It can't be a coincidence that the little brat got unwell as soon as she left Roxanne's place! Aubree could not believe that her plan to keep Lucian by her side got sabotaged by a little girl, so she vowed to deal with both Roxanne and Estella.
After a moment, Aubree lifted her head to meet Sonya's gaze. "Hey, Mrs. Farwell. I remember that Essie likes Ms. Jarvis very much, doesn't she? Do you think it'll help with her condition if she gets to spend more time with Ms. Jarvis?"
Sonya raised an eyebrow curiously when she heard that. "I thought you didn't like Roxanne."
"I was afraid she would steal Lucian from me, but I know I was wrong to think that way now. There's nothing I can do about it if she's the one Lucian loves. Besides, nothing is more important than Estella's well- being," responded Aubree with a bitter smile. 
###Chapter 357
Chapter 357 Fan The Flames
A hint of displeasure flashed across Sonya's eyes at Aubree's concern for Estella and at the thought of Lucian rejecting her suggestion.
If her son had heeded her words over the years to have Estella spend time with Aubree, Estella might not be so attached to Roxanne, given Aubree's fondness for Estella. Estella, too, would have no need for Roxanne.
Aubree made a remorseful face. "To be honest, I'm still slightly envious of Ms. Jarvis and how she gained Essie's favor so quickly. It would be nice if Essie were that fond of me." Aubree glanced slyly at Sonya, who frowned at those words.
"What nonsense!" she snapped. "If you are to become Essie's mother, it's only a matter of time before she becomes fond of you. Who does that woman think she is, anyway? I've told her I will make her life in Horington difficult if she tries to contact Lucian and Essie again."
Sonya's words struck a chord with Aubree and filled her with delight.
Everything is falling into place! I was just trying to figure out how to convince Sonya to kick Roxanne out of Horington but she suggested it. In that case, just a little fanning of the flames would suffice. Spurred by that thought, Aubree put on a worried expression. "Will such a day ever come, Mrs. Farwell? Essie is very fond of Ms. Jarvis. Even if Lucian isn't prepared to marry her, Essie's feelings would still be his top priority, like how he has been rejecting me. I feel he might even accept Ms. Jarvis for Essie's sake."
Sonya's expression became stony. "I've told him to stay away from Roxanne."
"Essie is still a child," Aubree argued. "She wouldn't understand and would cry for Ms. Jarvis no matter what we adults tell her. I think we should wait before doing anything as I can't bear to see her upset. I will be happy for Essie if Lucian ever falls for Ms. Jarvis and decides to marry her for Essie's sake."
"Never," Sonya vowed quietly.
A look of puzzlement flashed across Aubree's face as if she did not understand the other woman.
Sonya scowled. "If we can't stop Essie from seeing her, then we'll have her disappear from Horington. Essie will forget her existence with the passage of time."
Having planned that from the start, she knew it was an inevitable eventuality.
Given Roxanne's current financial and social standing, it would only take a few phone calls to exile her from Horington.
Aubree snickered to herself while adopting a fa?ade of panic. "Don't act rashly, Mrs. Farwell! Ms. Jarvis did nothing wrong. Besides, it might exacerbate Essie's condition if Ms. Jarvis disappears suddenly." Sonya gazed at the other's injured arm with a concerned frown. "Your arm wouldn't be hurt for the second time if it was not for her. Speaking of Essie's condition, I was planning to have you spend more time with her and develop a rapport. You need to warm her up to you slowly."
Though Aubree was already beside herself with glee, she still felt the need to put on an act of dissuading the older woman. Though every refrain sounded like she was trying to stop Sonya, Aubree was actually fanning the flames.
Sonya's dissatisfaction with Roxanne grew the more Aubree spoke. At last, she patted the younger woman's hand. "You shouldn't have to concern yourself with these matters. Just focus on getting better during your stay here at the hospital."
Aubree pretended to fall into disgruntled silence, carefully putting on a disagreeable expression as she did so.
Sonya did not plan to persuade her further. Instead, she insisted for Aubree to fall asleep while she kept her company. 
###Chapter 358
Chapter 358 According To You
Aubree shut her eyes and pretended to sleep.
After a while, she vaguely heard Sonya's voice, engaged in a conversation on the phone, coming from outside the ward.
"Find out what Roxanne has been up to after returning to the country."
The person on the other end must have found something in their investigations and was making a report to Sonya.
"I see," Sonya replied. "If that's the case, notify all the medicinal herb suppliers in Horington that it is now an act of rebellion against Farwell Group to provide medicinal herb supplies to Roxanne." The person on the other end hurriedly assured her.
At the sound of Sonya's footsteps fast approaching, Aubree quickly adjusted her expression to appear that she was fast asleep.
Sonya stood beside the bed. Her eyes blazed with tenderness and guilt upon noticing how weary Aubree looked.
Roxanne shouldn't have come back after walking out six years ago! I will have her disappear from our sight for good this time, no matter what it takes. My son should not let a good girl like Aubree down. Aubree was beginning to feel uneasy under Sonya's scrutiny. Pretending to be startled awake from her slumber, she appeared surprised at the sight of the older woman standing by her bed. "What time is it, Mrs. Farwell? Why are you still here?"
Her act was flawless. Even her hoarse voice upon waking was impeccable.
Sonya smiled as if nothing had happened. "It's all right. I'm just staying here to keep you company."
Aubree frowned. "You should be getting back. It isn't ideal for you to spend the night here. I will feel so guilty if you fall ill tomorrow."
It was only then that Sonya agreed reluctantly.
"I'll walk you out." Aubree made to sit up.
Sonya hurriedly pressed her shoulders firmly back against the bed. "You rest. I'll see myself out. The driver is waiting downstairs."
Aubree did not force her. Instead, she nodded docilely. "Have a safe trip home."
Sonya assured her that she would before adding, "The caretaker Lucian arranged for will arrive tomorrow. You can give me a call if you need anything."
Sonya only felt at ease to leave the ward after extracting Aubree's promise. She then turned off the light in the ward along her way out.
Shrouded by the darkness, Aubree scoffed disdainfully after hearing the room door click shut.
So what if Lucian's little b*tch doesn't like me? So what if they prefer Roxanne? They'll have to choose me if Sonya's plan succeeds! As for that b*tch Roxanne, she had stolen Lucian from me once six years ago. I will not allow the same thing to happen again six years later! That b*tch should just go back to where she came from! I am the only woman Lucian is permitted to have by his side!
In the meantime, Roxanne was ignorant of the schemes of the two women.
Her tale to Estella of taking up residence abroad was merely a last-minute concoction to appease the child.
Upon further consideration, Roxanne felt that going abroad may not necessarily be a bad idea if she wanted to throw the Farwells and Aubree off her back once and for all.
At the very least, she would be able to lead a stable life as she did once before.
However, the decision was a little rushed as many preparations were to be made. She also had to have a serious discussion with her professor.
Roxanne pulled an all-nighter to send Harvey a message to express her thoughts.
Harvey's reply was prompt as it was daytime on his end. "That's according to you. However, you must first resolve the outstanding matters in the research institute if you wish to return." With a smile of relief, Roxanne promised him.
It was already dawn when her discussion with Harvey ended. After drawing up a simple to-do list for herself, Roxanne tidied up and fell asleep. 
###Chapter 359
Chapter 359 Keep It Between Us
As she had fallen asleep late the night before, Roxanne slept deeply but was awoken by her phone ringing early the following morning.
Unable to marshal her thoughts into coherence immediately upon waking up, she reached out blindly around her pillow for a long time before locating the source of the noise. Upon obtaining her phone and squinting at the screen, Roxanne answered groggily.
Colby sounded very anxious on the other end. "Something's happened, Dr. Jarvis."
Wide awake suddenly, Roxanne sat bolt upright. "What is it?" she asked hoarsely.
"A shipment of medicinal herb supplies we expected to receive this morning is still nowhere to be seen." Colby looked grave.
The medicinal herb supplier the research institute partnered with was usually very punctual in delivering their supply.
If a morning delivery had been promised, the research institute would have received the goods at the beginning of office hours. The shipment was delayed particularly long that day.
If the medicinal herb supplies were not delivered on time, many projects would be shelved in less than two days. Their progress would, as a result, be interrupted, and the research institute would suffer a hefty loss.
Roxanne froze. "Have you given our business partners a call?"
As she spoke, she turned on speaker mode and swiftly washed up while she listened to Colby's report.
"I did," Colby answered despairingly at the mention of the problem. "Some of them didn't even pick up. Those who did were vague and refused to offer a decisive answer."
He preferred it if they had just told him they did not want to be partners anymore. Their beating around the bush was so discouraging that he did not even dare seek other suppliers to order the medicinal herb supplies.
Roxanne's heart sank as she scrambled to get dressed. "Noted," she replied. "I'm coming over right now."
Without another word, she hung up.
The children were already seated at the dining table when she came downstairs.
Benny had recovered sufficiently to attend kindergarten that day, and Archie and Benny could not wait to see Estella at school.
The boys looked expectantly at Roxanne when she came down the stairs as they wanted her to give them a ride to school.
Roxanne noticed the boys' expectant looks. "Something happened at the research institute," she said apologetically. "I must hurry over. Ms. Lane will send you."
Though crestfallen, the boys were used to their mother's hectic schedule. "Drive safely, Mommy," they chorused with understanding nods.
Roxanne assured them hastily and hurried out the door without waiting for their reply.
She had planned the night before to hand her work over to Colby before taking the children abroad.
Her work at the research institute would have made Harvey proud as she had resolved many issues for the research institute upon her return and had also taught the researchers in the institute a lot of modern techniques.
She did not expect such an incident to destabilize everything she had planned.
Roxanne sped the whole way.
When she arrived at the research institute, Colby was already waiting at the entrance.
"Do the researchers know?" Roxanne asked at once as she arrived briskly before him.
Colby shook his head. "I haven't said anything to them. I don't want them to panic."
Roxanne heaved a small sigh of relief at his words. "Let's keep it to ourselves for now. We'll try our best to think of something. Run me through the problem.” Colby agreed.
The pair made their way quickly into Roxanne's office as they spoke. 
###Chapter 360
Chapter 360 Why Wait Until Now
As they were alone in the office, the full extent of their worry appeared on their faces.
"I wonder if you remember what Pearson Group did when they picked on us the last time," Colby said as s twitch of concern flickered across his brow.
Roxanne's forehead creased at his words. She too recalled the experience of being sabotaged by Aubree upon her return to the country.
All the medicinal herb suppliers in Horington had rejected partnership offers made by the research institute without providing a reason under the order of Pearson Group then.
Somebody must have ordered the medicinal herb suppliers to cut us off. But who could the mastermind be?
Roxanne's gaze darkened. Her mind was in a mess.
As they had already resolved the trouble Aubree had caused them, Roxanne was sure they would not be subjected to the same tactics.
Though Colby did not voice it aloud, he knew Roxanne was the intended victim of the ordeal.
He patted her shoulder trying to comfort her as he saw how worried she was. "Don't overthink it right now. Since you're here, I think you should personally call our partners and find out their intentions. It is of utmost importance to search for another supplier quickly if they do not want to work with us anymore. We need to ensure that all our projects remain on schedule."
Roxanne pulled herself out of her reverie and nodded in agreement.
Soon, Colby produced the contact numbers of all the research institute business partners for Roxanne to call one by one.
"I'm really sorry, Dr. Jarvis. Though it has been a pleasant partnership with the research institute, we cannot accommodate your demands for the specific ingredients you need given such short notice, so..." "Is that you, Dr. Jarvis? Apologies for not having informed you earlier for it happened so suddenly. Our factory is rushing to meet a huge order for a hospital, so it is very likely that we cannot make it for the research institute's order."
Roxanne called several companies in a row, and the persons in charge found all sorts of reasons to reject her.
The meaning behind their words could not be more explicit. They did not intend for the partnership to continue.
Roxanne clenched her fists. Undeterred, she dialed another number.
Taking pity on her for how distraught she looked, Colby patted her hand tenderly. "Don't bother."
Roxanne glanced at him in confusion.
"It's obvious that somebody has a bone to pick with the research institute. Besides, they seem to be on equal footing with the Pearson family and possibly even more influential. It will end the same way as before if this goes on."
Though she was reluctant to admit it, she knew he was right.
After a moment's silence, Roxanne placed the phone down dejectedly.
"If I may ask," Colby asked in concern, "have you offended anybody of late?"
Roxanne stiffened up imperceptibly at his words.
"I don't mean to sound like I'm blaming you," Colby explained hastily. "After all, you were the one who solved this very problem we faced previously. I want to remind you that since they are capable of going to such lengths, they might find it in them to act against you or the kids. You must be careful. Don't worry about the research institute as I can still persist for some time."
Colby then smiled reassuringly at her.
"Thank you," Roxanne said, her eyes shining with gratitude.
However, she still could not think of anybody who would take such drastic measures against her.
The only possibility is Sonya.
However, Roxanne had made things clear to Sonya the last time they met and had not contacted Lucian within that period.
If Sonya had done it, she could have done it on the day of the breakup instead of waiting until now. 
###Chapter 361
Chapter 361 Not Worth A Mention
After a series of calls back and forth, the only knowledge the pair learned was how the partners truly felt and that somebody was complicating matters for them from the shadows. However, no medical supplies was sent to the research until then.
In a panic, Roxanne thought of Larry as she remembered him mentioning during their last medical conference that he wished to establish himself in Chanaea and would likely stay in Horington. With his reputation in the medical world and the standing of the Morrison family in Horington, Larry would undoubtedly have connections.
A dash of hope lifted Roxanne's spirits by that thought. "I'm going to call a friend," she said to Colby, before getting her phone to give Larry a call.
The other end picked up almost immediately. "What can I do for you, Roxanne?" came Larry's deep voice.
Roxanne froze for several moments as she realized that throughout their acquaintance, she had always asked Larry for help. Suddenly, she felt too embarrassed to speak.
Larry sensed her reticence from the other end and frowned in puzzlement. "Roxanne? Is there anything I can help you with?"
"Do you have any medicinal herb suppliers you're on good terms with in Horington, Larry?" Roxanne asked rather abashedly. "Could you introduce them to me?"
Larry agreed to it without a moment's thought, nor did he ask her why she wanted medicinal herb suppliers. "No problem," he replied. "I'll make a few calls and let you know soon."
Roxanne did not expect him to agree so rapidly. "Thank you, Larry," she said appreciatively after several seconds of startled silence. "I'll await the good news, then."
She detected Larry's displeasure when he next spoke. "Why are you so courteous with me? You have saved my parents' lives. This small favor I'm doing you cannot compare to the debt we owe you. Even if I dared to accept your thanks, my parents would never agree to it."
Roxanne smiled and took back her words. "All right. I'll await your good news."
Larry assured her she would before hanging up.
Colby gazed at Roxanne in confusion in the office as he did not know who it was she had spoken to on the phone. He thought it sounded like somebody important.
Besides, Roxanne's expression became more at ease after the phone call.
"Is he... trustworthy, Dr. Jarvis?" asked Colby in an uncertain tone.
Roxanne nodded. "He is Larry Morrison, a senior I've met abroad. You must have heard of him."
"Him?" Colby was shocked.
Larry's name was known internationally by that point, especially amongst the younger generation of medical practitioners. He was known as both a skilled doctor and a wealthy heir. Roxanne not only knows him but also sounds like she is on good terms with him!
Colby felt a tinge of embarrassment.
Roxanne is a fantastic girl with her pick of deserving men around her. Compared to them, I am not even worth mentioning.
Colby made a promise to himself after he took that fact into consideration
I will make it in the medical world one day and become a man worthy of Roxanne!
Fraught with worry while she awaited Larry's reply, Roxanne was unaware of his sentiments.
She did not mention the incident of the research institute being subjected to sabotage to Larry as she did not know who was behind it.
I'm not sure if Larry can stand against them. It's better not to risk dragging him down.
Roxanne felt a tinge of fear at that thought. 
###Chapter 362
Chapter 362 A Sudden Strike
A good half an hour passed before Larry got back to her.
Almost immediately, Roxanne was there to pick up the very moment the phone screen lit up. "How did it go, Larry?" she asked anxiously.
Larry's tone sounded somewhat somber. "Discussions were going pretty well, that is, until I mentioned your research institute. It seemed to have altered their attitude completely."
Upon hearing that, Roxanne's eyes dimmed, and her lips curled up slightly into a soured expression. "I see. Sorry to trouble you. Going forward, please do not get yourself involved in this matter anymore. I'll figure out a way to resolve it myself.
She was concerned that Larry would also be marked should he continue to help her.
When her voice faded out, she heard Larry forward a query quite out of the blue, "What's going on between you and Mr. Farwell? He's the one who is responsible for this, isn't he?"
That unequivocally took Roxanne by surprise.
Lucian? Why would he want to do something like that, and how did Larry come to such conclusion?
With that in mind, Roxanne went on to ask, "Why would you say that? What does this have to do with Lucian?"
That yielded a frown from Larry. "You must have sensed that whoever is behind this must be out to get you."
Roxanne responded with a grunt. "I am aware of that, but... I can't think of any reason why Lucian could be driven to do something like this."
"I've been asking around. Farwell Group had secretly put out the word to all the major suppliers, warning them that they would be setting themselves up against Farwell Group if they dared to collaborate with you," a grim-faced Larry replied.
Hearing that brought out a look of astonishment in Roxanne's eyes.
Beside her, Colby's brows also creased up upon hearing that.
Farwell Group was behind this? But since when had they crossed paths with Farwell Group?
To be precise, when did Roxanne get so tangled up with Farwell Group to the point that they felt that they needed to devote that much effort toward dealing with her? Colby suddenly thought of Aubree.
Even at that point, he still had no idea what enmity could have existed between Roxanne and that woman, so much so that the latter wanted to target them the way she did.
If memory serves, Ms. Pearson is openly known as Mr. Farwell's fiancée. Could it be that Ms. Pearson is trying to rid herself of a potential rival?
Then again, it would not be likely, for they would have been able to sit there so leisurely had that been true.
For the life of him, Colby was simply unable to wrap his head around the matter.
Roxanne, though, had a good hunch of her own. "No. It wasn't Lucian," she calmly explained.
"Then who could it be?" Larry wore a solemn expression on his face.
"It doesn't matter." Roxanne twitched her lips. "You shouldn't continue to get yourself involved in this anymore, I already feel bad enough about dragging the research institute into my personal issues, so I certainly don't wish to end up dragging you down as well."
Larry fell silent briefly before he sought clarification. "Does that mean to say that you've already figured out who is behind this? I've no problems about staying out of this, but I need to know whether he means to do you harm."
After some consideration, Roxanne replied in earnest, "I think that the research institute was targeted because that person wants to drive me out of Horington. Well, don't you worry. Worse come to worse, I'd just go back. I'm sure the situation with the research institute would eventually improve once I'm out of the picture."
Larry scowled, but nevertheless agreed.
When she ended the call, Sonya's poker face manifested inside of Roxanne's head.
She could think of no one apart from the former inside Farwell Group who would treat her that way.
Roxanne's brows shriveled into a taut furrow upon gaining that insight into the situation.
She wondered what exactly had happened in the places beyond her peripheral range? Why did Sonya decide to strike against me all of a sudden? 
###Chapter 363
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 363
Chapter 363 Obviously Blowing Him Off Remembering their last meeting at the coffee shop, Sonya's message was obvious. There would be consequences if she were to make any furthercontact with Lucian. I hadn't actually met up with that man since that time. Roxanne had, in actuality, went as far as to make plans to relocate overseas with her children once her business in Chanaea was concluded. Hence, the timing of Sonya's decision to strike at her now benefitted no one, not even Sonya herself. Roxanne's head was throbbing hard.
Somewhat vexed, she pulled out her handphone with the intention of calling Sonya up to question the latter.
After dialing her number several times, she received as many automated responses, making it apparent that she had been blacklisted. A dejected Roxanne switched off her phone and went over to Colby at the side.
"I'm sorry that the research institute has been affected because of my personal matters."
Having heard her phone conversation with Larry and thechange in her demeanor afterward, Colby more or less got a clue as to what was going on.
Thus, he merely smiled genially.
"Well, it has already happened, so I think we should just focus on trying to come up with solutions"
Roxannenodded in agreement. Then, the two unanimously thought about the Queen family. Previously, as repayment for Roxanne's help in curing Alfred, the Queen family had promised to provide the research institute with medicinal herb supplies. Once the Queen family were amendable, the other suppliers likewise followed suit, backtracking on what they said before and started approaching her to seek collaboration with them. The research institute had been working with a number of suppliers simultaneously.
Knowing well that those people were under duress from the Pearson family and had no choice but to comply, she held no ill feelings toward them.
Coincidentally, we did not sourcesupplies from the Queen family in our latest round of acquisitions.
I wonder if they could have any surpluses to spare. The very thought of that filled Roxanne with a renewed sense of optimism.
"Check with Queen Group to see if they have the medicinal ingredients we need.
As we did not place an order earlier, I don't know whether there would be enough time for us to do so," Roxanne said.
Colby concurred, "My exact sentiments."
Followingthat, he pulled out his phone to ring up the person-in-charge over at Queen Group. The duo invariably started to worry when their call did not connect for a while. Roxanne nonetheless held on to a sliver of hope inside. Queen Group was a leader in the medical industry, and considering the good relations Queen Group enjoyed with Farwell Group, she was not convinced that Farwell Group would go as far as to threaten Queen Group as well.
More than that, she refused to believe Jonathan to be the sort who would go back on his word.
That phonecall, though, left her in a state of disquiet. An indeterminate amount of time passed before someone picked up from the other end. With his heart weighing heavily on him, Colby did his best to compose himself and greet the answerer cheerfully," Hello, Mr. Tanner..." Before he could finish what he wanted to say, his counterpart gleefully cut him off, "Oh, Dr.Galloway.
We're in the middle of a meeting here, so we'll probably have to chat some other day.
Got to go now!" With that, he hung up without giving Colby any time to react. Hearing thefrenzy of activity coming from the other end, Colby's expression grew solemn. Owing to Roxanne's successful treatment of Alfred, their research institute had been held in considerable esteem all the time.
Not once had they needed to deal with a situation like the one they were facing at the moment.
That person-in-charge was clearly blowing him off.
By refusing tooffer us supplies, they must likewise be acting in accordance with Farwell Group's wishes. Even without hearing what was conveyed over the other end of the phone, it was apparent to Roxanne that Colby had barely said anything.
He certainly had not the time to bring up the issue concerning the supplies before his counterpart hung up on him. Colby's expressionwas even more awful after he put down the phone, the sight left Roxanne disheartened as well. 
###Chapter 364
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 364
Chapter 364 It Is Too Personal "How did it go? Is Queen Group also going to withdraw fromworking with us?" Roxanne asked, frowning. With a grim expression, Colby nodded in acknowledgement. Usually gentlemanly and well- mannered, it was the first time he had ever worn such a grim expression on his face. Though Roxanne had no idea what he was told, she thought that it might have been the poor attitude of the person in charge that got Colby so incensed. "It's not worth getting that worked up over this matter.
That being said, this is on me, so let me go figure out how to fix this myself," she smilednonchalantly and offered some words of consolation. Colby, conversely, felt the whole ordeal to be unfair on Roxanne, as well as on the research institute.
"How could a big company like Queen Group not honor its promises?" Roxanne was slightly taken aback.
"Back then, there was not a singledoctor who could do anything about Old Mr.Queen's condition, and it was only through your intervention that he was able to recover.
Acquisitions at half price was what the Queen family had promised.
So how can they just back out of it on a whim like that!" The more Colbythought about it, the more infuriated he became.
"I wouldn't have recommended for you to attend to him had I known that they are such ingrates!"
Such petulantutterances from Colby felt so completely out of character for him that Roxanne found them to be rather hilarious. "I must go and reason with them!" Slamming both hands on the table, Couch stood up from the couch. Then, he strode forth toward the door. In his esteem, he considered himself to be quite familiarwith the members of the Queen family when the Queen Group sought him out to treat Alfred.
So he was determined to speak up on Roxanne's behalf, no matter what. Stunned by his unexpected impulsiveness, Roxanne needed to take a moment.
When she came back around, she promptly got up to hold him back.
"Let's not act too rashly. Since it's the Farwell Group that's instigating this, getting confrontational with them probably isn't going to help. Just settle yourself down first." With that, she held Colby by the shoulders and reeled him back infrom the door. Pushed back down onto his seat, a sullen-looking Colby could not help but ask, "Though I understand that it's a private matter, could I ask what exactly is your relationship with Lucian Farwell? Why would such a big company like theirs want to make things hard for a small research institute like ours?" Even though he had been acquainted with Roxanne for quite a while, he realized that he still knew next to nothing about her, even now. The realization that they had barely talked about anything else beyond work made Colby feel increasingly disheartened. Roxanne, however, had no idea on what he had in mind.
Regardless, she was not keen on sharing her entanglement with Farwell Group.
The office subsequently fell into an abrupt silence.
Steadily calming himself, a frowningColby became aware that he had reacted a little too strongly, and also, he might have been too intrusive with his line of questioning. "Forget it. I was being too emotional. You don't have to tell me anything if you're not comfortable sharing." Colby rescinded his gaze and massaged his own forehead in slight exasperation.
Roxanne pursed her lips apologetically.
"I'm sorry but I can't discuss this because it is too personal. But rest assured that I will resolve the problems that the research institute is currently facing."
Colby nodded inacknowledgement. "Things at Queen Group aren't as simple as you think they are. During the time while I was treating Old Mr.Queen, I was on relatively friendly terms with Mr.Queen, and Old Mr.Queen had also beer rather nice to me. So, let me handle things with Queen Group. I'll be making a trip there in person shortly." Roxanne gave that some thought, then said, "Stay at the research institute. Please help to address the staff's concerns if they ask about the medicinal ingredients."
Colby assented. 
###Chapter 365
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 365
Chapter 365 All Thanks To You After they chatted a little longer, Roxanne called Jonathan on thephone. It did not take long for him to answer her call.
"Dr.Jarvis, is something the matter?" They had not contacted each other after Alfred's birthday banquet, so Jonathan was a little puzzled that she had suddenly called him. Roxanneplayed it cool and asked, "Is Old Mr.Queen at home? I was thinking of visiting to check on his condition and recovery progress."
Jonathan agreed immediately.
"That's so thoughtful of you.
He's at home, so come on over." After confirming that Alfred was home, Roxanne hung up, picked up her medical kit, and headed for the Queenresidence. When she arrived at the gates to the Queen residence, the butler was already waiting there. The butler greeted her respectfully when he saw her.
"Ms.Jarvis, Mr.Queen asked me to meet you here.
He's waiting for you in the living room." She nodded and followed the butler toward the mansion.
While walking, she ponderedhow to broach the subject with Jonathan later. Based on Queen Group's relationship with Farwell Group, I don't believe the former would get threatened by the latter.
However, the manager in charge of the medicinal herbs treated us like that....
Unless Sonya spoke to Jonathan about it personally, and he agreed. If that's the case, I'm afraid whatever I say today will make any difference.
Anyway, that's just my guess.
I'll have to see what's Jonathan's attitude like later. She continued mulling over the matter and only slowly recollected herself upon approaching themansion's front doors.
By the time the doors opened, her expression was as calm and composed as usual. Jonathan was sitting on the couch and doing some work.
Knowing that Roxanne was coming to check on Alfred, he had deliberately rushed back from the office.
When he saw her walkin, he set aside the folder in his hands and rose to his feet to greet her.
"Dr.Jarvis, it's been a while."
Roxanne merely smiled calmly.
"Where's Old Mr.Queen?" After motioning for the butler to serve the tea, Jonathan led her toward the back garden.
"Grandpa knows you're coming and is already waiting outside." Although Alfred's body had recovered, he was very weak due to his age and the fact that he had beenlying on the hospital bed for a long time. He spent most of his time resting and had designated slots for rehabilitation every day.
It happened to be timefor Alfred's rehabilitation.
However, after learning that Roxanne was coming over, he asked the caregiver to leave him first.
He sat alone in the back garden, enjoying the warm sunlight while awaiting her arrival. As soon as Roxanne stepped through thedoors, she spotted Alfred lounging in the sunlight.
There was a cane next to his chair, and he looked contented.
Seeing that scene, she felt much morerelieved. Roxanne walked forward quietly.
Then, softly and cautiously, she said close to Alfred's ear, "Old Mr.Queen." Having waited for some time, Alfred ended up dozing off subconsciously.
He was still a little dazed when he heard Roxanne's voice, and it took him a while to return to his senses.
He smiled and nodded at her, saying, "Dr.Jarvis, you're here. Jonathan told me that you offered to check up on me. Thank you so much for still thinking about this old man here."
She smiled at him somewhat sheepishly, set down her medical kit, and proceeded to check Alfred's pulse.
After a thoroughcheckup, Roxanne straightened up and said, "His condition has improved and stabilized. Judging from his physical fitness level, he'll only need to rest for a while before making a full recovery."
Alfred beamed as he nodded.
"I've also felt my body gradually getting better. 
###Chapter 366
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 366
Chapter 366 What Went Wrong Roxanne chuckled without saying anything. Looking up at Jonathan standing opposite her, she said with a smile, "The reason for my visit this time is also because there's something I need Mr.Queen's help with."
Jonathan agreed readily.
"How can I be of help, Dr.Jarvis?" Just as she was about to respond, Alfred waved his large hand dismissively.
"Don't talk about it here. Lunch should be ready by now. Why don't you have lunch with us, Dr.Jarvis? The two of you can talk while you eat." A torn expression flashed across Roxanne's face upon hearing that.
Instead of saying that my visit here is toseek Jonathan's help, it'd be more accurate to say I'm here to confront him.
But with Old Mr.Queen welcoming her so warmly, I don't know if I'll be able to bring myself to question Jonathan! "Dr.Jarvis, you have made a trip all the way here, so stay and join us for a meal," Jonathan chimed in too.
With that, he helped Alfredinto the mansion. Roxanne had no choice but to follow them, abandoning the speech she had prepared in her head earlier. While sitting around the dining table, she was wondering how to bring up the matter when Alfred asked, "Dr.Jarvis, didn't you say you needed Jonathan's help with something? What is it?" Jonathan also turned tolook at her. She hesitated briefly, then took a list of medicinal herbs from her bag and handed it to Jonathan.
"I'm not sure whether Queen Group still has these in stock.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, the supplier I work with can't supply them to me at the moment.
Since I need them urgently, I had no choice but to come and ask for Mr.Queen's help." Jonathan took the list and furrowed his brows slightly after glancing through it.
"These are not very common medicinal herbs.
I recall we have some in the warehouse, but I don't know whether they'll be enough." Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief at those words.
Shewas unsure whether it was because Alfred was right next to him, but Jonathan clearly appeared willing to help.
Well, it looks as though this will solve the urgent shortage at the research institute. "I don't need too much.
I'll also find a way to contact other suppliers.
After all, I didn't place an order in advance, so the fact that you can supply me with some is already a pleasantsurprise." Jonathan nodded slightly.
"You're more than welcome to make Queen Group your first choice whenever you have the medicinal herbs you need urgentlyin the future.
Since you cured my grandfather, we'll even give you top priority when allocating our supplies."
Roxanne promptly agreed.
"However, I'm not the person directly handling these matters.
You can just contact Rex Tanner.
He'll make the arrangements," Jonathan added. A troubled expression crossed Roxanne's face when she heard that.
Seeing that she did notsay anything, Jonathan asked in confusion, "What's the matter? Is there a problem?" She hesitated for a moment before answering truthfully, "To be honest, I contacted Mr. Tanner before coming here. However he made it sound as though... it'd be quite difficult. I thought that was your directive, which is why I came here personally."
But from the looks of it, he doesn'tseem to know anything about the incident at all. Jonathan's brows knitted together tightly, and even Alfred looked a little grim. Jonathan had always instructed his subordinates to give precedence to Roxanne's research institute when it came to supplying the medicinal herbs. However, she ended up getting turned down by those in Queen Group. Hmm...
What went wrong? Returning to his senses, Jonathan turned to Roxanne with a grave expression.
"That's definitely not a directive from me.
The Queen family has a long legacy, and we're certainly capable of maintaining the basic courtesy of keeping our word.
Now that something like this has happened, there must've been a misunderstanding somewhere along the line. 
###Chapter 367
Leaving The Country After Divorce Chapter 367
Chapter 367 Failing To Find A Way Out Alfred's expression was grim too.
Queen Group made a promise to an outsider because of him, but the promise couldn't be fulfilled.
I can't believe I'm encountering this at my age.
How humiliating! Besides, Roxanne was the one who saved my life!
"Find out who double-crossed me!" he declared furiously.
Seeing his fury, Roxanne immediatelyconsoled him, "Old Mr. Queen, I'm relieved that it wasn't your order. Don't be mad, for I won't blame you. I just want to know what happened." Alfred took a few deep breaths to calm himself down before turning to Roxanne.
"Even if they ignore this matter, I shall give you an explanation! I'm still alive.
I shall find out who had the guts to ignore my order!" Roxanne bobbed her head profusely.
She was about to spill the truth about Farwell Group but changed her mind.
Looks like Farwell Group didn't tell the Queen familyabout it.
At least Jonathan and Old Mr.Queen know nothing about it.
If I mention it right now, I'm afraid they will change their mind as they have to consider their relationshipwith Farwell Group.
Fortunately, I was tactful enough.
Moreover, Jonathan and Old Mr.Queen didn't press on. Lunch wasn't a pleasant affair because of the incident.
After lunch, Roxanne bade goodbye to them hastily and made a beeline for the research institute.
Colbyhad just walked out of the research facility when he spotted her.
He came over to her and asked, "What happened? What did the Queen family say?" Roxanne was much morerelaxed then.
"It must be a misunderstanding. Mr.Queen promised to investigate the matter, so let's wait for them. They will resume supplying us the medicinal herbs that we need after the investigation ends." Colby remained dubious.
"The investigation will take time. Aren't you afraid it is just an excuse that they made up?"
Roxanne's brows scrunched up in resignation.
"What else can we do? It's too late to contact medicinal herb suppliers from other cities now.
We have no choice but to place our hope on Queen Group.
Even if Jonathan uses the investigation as an excuse, at least Old Mr.Queen trusts me." Hearing that, Colby finally heaved a sigh of relief.
"If the investigation shows that it's just a misunderstanding, that will be great.
If even Queen Group is threatened, then no medicinal herb supplier in Horington will dare to work with us."
As Alfred had given them his word, they weren't that anxiousanymore. After greeting Colby, Roxanne went back to her office.
She shut the door behind her as her smile slipped from her lips.
Sonya wants me to leave Horington, but she doesn't know I came to Horington for the research institute.
There's no way I'll allow the research institute to land in trouble because of me and leave Horington without looking back.
I've solved the medicinal herb supply problem for now.
What will Sonya do next? She has blocked my number, so I can't even contact her to negotiate with her.
She was in a dilemma when Harvey's call arrived.
Roxanne quicklycomposed herself and answered the call. "Roxanne, how are things going in Chanaea?" Harvey asked cheerfully.
"I'm waiting for your return. I've already prepared a project for you." He assumed the research institute was doing well under Roxanne's guidance, and it shouldn't be difficultfor her to hand over her work. Feeling guilty, Roxanne explained, "I'm sorry, Professor Lambert. Something unexpected happened in the research institute, so I can't head back anytime soon."
Harvey frowned.
"Do you need my help?"
Roxanne shook her head.
"It's all right. I can deal with it. I'll contact you after the matter is resolved." Harvey knew her well, so he didn't press on after hearing her words. He exchanged pleasantries with her and cut the line. 
###Chapter 368
Chapter 368 Cancel The Collaboration
Back at the Queen residence, Alfred wore an ugly scowl after Roxanne left.
The caregiver came to bring him out for his daily exercise, but Alfred snapped, "I won't be exercising today. You can leave now."
With that said, he turned to Jonathan and demanded, "You promised to collaborate with Dr. Jarvis' research institute, but why is this happening? You didn't even realize it until Dr. Jarvis showed up earlier. What if Dr. Jarvis didn't come to demand an explanation? Is Queen Group going to be known for not keeping its word?"
Jonathan bowed respectfully and allowed Alfred to yell at him. When Alfred was done talking, he parted his lips and admitted his mistake. "Grandpa, it was my negligence. I shall start an investigation now and give Dr. Jarvis an explanation. Queen Group's reputation won't be affected!"
Alfred banged his cane on the ground angrily. "Investigate it now! I shall investigate alongside you to find out who the culprit is. We can't let one bad apple spoil the whole bunch."
The Queen family had worked hard to build their reputation for a century, so Alfred refused to allow anyone to taint their name!
Jonathan seemed stumped. "Grandpa, I'm afraid I'll have to head to the company to investigate the matter. You should rest at home."
Alfred needed to recuperate and couldn't travel too far. As he was still furious, Jonathan feared something would happen to him.
However, Alfred interjected angrily, "Dr. Jarvis saved my life, so I have to take action myself. That way, people will know how important she is to us. Let's go now!"
He then got up with the help of his cane.
Shock flared up Jonathan's heart as he strode over to help Alfred back to the couch. After a brief hesitation, he suggested, "Why don't I ask Rex Tanner to come here? You'll get to question him personally. I believe he knows something."
Alfred agreed readily and sat on the couch with a dark expression.
Knowing Alfred was furious, Jonathan immediately called Rex as the latter was in charge of the medicinal herb supply.
Rex's heart sank to his stomach when he realized Jonathan had given him a call. Feeling guilty, he answered the call and greeted, "Mr. Queen, anything I can do for you?"
Jonathan ordered, "Come to the Queen residence now. I need to ask you some questions. Hurry up."
Without waiting for Rex's reply, he hung up.
Rex was plunged into despair as he stared at his phone screen, which had gone black. On the way to the Queen residence, he made a call to someone.
The person answered quickly. "What's wrong? Did Roxanne go to you?"
Rex's expression was grim. "Dr. Jarvis' research institute gave me a call, but I managed to brush them off."
The person on the other end of the line chuckled happily. "Good job. Remember, we did nothing wrong by cancelling the collaboration as Roxanne is now Farwell Group's enemy."
Rex added hastily, "But Mr. Queen summoned me suddenly. My instincts tell me it's because of this matter. Didn't you say it was Mr. Queen's order? Why is he..."
Rex had the guts to brush Colby off because he assumed it was Jonathan's order.
However, he could not help but feel that something was off at that point.
Mr. Queen isn't someone who will go back on his word. Besides, we aren't even closely connected to Farwell Group. There was no need to follow Farwell Group's attitude toward Dr. Jarvis. Hmm... Mr. Queen sounded as though he wanted to question me earlier.
The more Rex thought about the matter, the more distressed he got. 
###Chapter 369
Chapter 369 Brushing Off
"So what if he doesn't know about it? All the medicinal herb suppliers in Horington listened to Farwell Group and stopped working with Roxanne. We're just following suit," the person replied matter-of-factly after a brief silence.
Rex belatedly realized he had been tricked, and his heart sank. Alas, it was too late to do anything.
"What if Mr. Queen asks about it?" he asked carefully.
The person fell silent for a few moments before brushing him off. "Just tell him the truth. It's obvious that he doesn't know about Farwell Group as he demands to see you. Tell him everything."
The call was then ended.
Cold sweat had drenched Rex's back by the time the call ended.
PlayvolumeAd
The person didn't reveal anything, but he wasn't a fool. It was clear that Jonathan knew nothing about the matter.
I was dragged into the mess, but I dare not offend any of them...
Rex still hadn't figured out an excuse to justify his actions when his car rolled to a stop outside the Queen residence. However, he had no choice but to knock on the door.
Soon, the butler answered the door. "Mr. Tanner, welcome. Mr. Queen and Old Mr. Queen are waiting for you inside."
Rex was drenched in cold sweat and could not bring himself to walk in.
He assumed Jonathan wanted to question him, so he had no idea that Alfred was informed about the matter.
This is far worse than I imagined it to be.
At that point, he had no other options but to face the matter.
With his head hung low, Rex followed the butler to the living room.
No one spoke for some time.
Rex glanced at the person sitting on the couch as fear flashed across his gaze.
Holding the cane, Alfred shot him a furious glare.
Jonathan was sitting beside Alfred with a deadpan expression. His face might be devoid of expression, but he had a powerful presence.
Rex felt a chill go down his spine as their gazes landed on him. "Mr. Queen, Old..."
Jonathan cut in icily, "It looks like you know why I asked you to come here."
Rex nodded sheepishly. "Yes. It's about the issue regarding our company supplying Dr. Jarvis' research institute's with the medicinal herbs they need."
As soon as he finished speaking, someone slammed his fist on the table.
Rex's heart clenched as he stood frozen in his spot with his hands stuck to his sides.
"If you knew, then why did you go against my order?" Jonathan glanced at the furious Alfred and demanded, "Rex, I trusted you enough to put you in charge of the medicinal herbs business. How could you do this? What is your explanation?"
Rex promptly owned up to his mistake. "It was all my fault, Mr. Queen. I shall apologize to Dr. Jarvis personally and arrange for the delivery of the medicinal herbs they need as soon as possible!" Jonathan pinned him with a withering stare. "Are you trying to brush me off by saying it was all your fault?"
Rex was a trusted subordinate of his. After he learned that it was Rex who refused to help Roxanne, his first thought was that someone had used Rex. Hence, he summoned Rex to get to the bottom of things. Never in his wildest dreams did he know Rex would try to brush him off!
He knew why I asked him to come but refused to reveal the culprit.
"Mr. Queen, I..." Rex was in a dilemma.
They were both his superiors, so he dared not offend any of them and planned to shoulder the responsibility himself. However, he had no idea Jonathan insisted on knowing who the culprit was. 
###Chapter 370
Chapter 370 Someone From The Queen Family
"Who ordered you to do it? Spill the truth. I want to know who in Queen Group dared to defy my orders!" Alfred declared furiously. Hearing that, Rex was close to tears.
If I reveal the person right now, Old Mr. Queen will definitely punish her! I don't dare to do that.
As he didn't utter a word, Alfred harrumphed unhappily. "Since you refuse to say anything, I'll assume it was your idea."
He whipped his head around and told Jonathan, "He works for you, so you can decide what to do with him!"
Rex didn't want to be held accountable for such a huge mistake, so he immediately protested, "No, Old Mr. Queen. I dare not do that!"
"Who is it then?" Jonathan rose to his feet and glowered at him. The chilling aura surrounding his body was almost palpable.
Rex lowered his head and revealed cautiously, "It is Ms. Frieda."
Frieda?
Hearing that, Jonathan and Alfred could barely hide their shock. They couldn't understand why Frieda would do something detrimental to the Queen family when she was one of them.
Besides, Frieda was present when Roxanne cured Alfred's condition. She should know that the Queen family owed Roxanne more than anyone else.
"Ms. Frieda told me it was your order, so I didn't think much about it. I only realized it wasn't your order when you called me earlier." Rex was filled with remorse. "Mr. Queen, I didn't mean to defy your order. I dare not do so!"
Jonathan gave him a dismissive wave in irritation. "Got it. Next time, ask for my instructions whenever it is anything that concerns Dr. Jarvis."
Rex promptly reassured him that he would do that.
"Remember to arrange for the delivery of the medicinal herbs that Dr. Jarvis' research institute need as soon as you get back. I'll call Dr. Jarvis to check if she receives it," Jonathan ordered. "You should also apologize to her."
"Yes," came Rex's answer.
With that, Jonathan told Rex to leave.
Soon, only Alfred and Jonathan were left in the living room.
Their expressions were dark when they recalled Rex's words.
When Roxanne first showed up, Jonathan realized Frieda didn't like her, but he didn't know Frieda would cause trouble for Roxanne in public.
Why is Frieda so insensible?
"Grandpa, what should I do next?" Jonathan sought Alfred's advice as he was at a loss.
Alfred was boiling with anger.
He had no idea that it was one of their own who nearly destroyed Queen Group's reputation! In fact, the culprit was his granddaughter!
"Ask her to come back now! That spoiled brat is bold enough to do anything now, huh?" Alfred huffed.
Jonathan nodded and gave Frieda a call.
Frieda had expected his call, so she answered the call calmly, "Jonathan, what is it?"
Furious, Jonathan declared, "How dare you ask me that? Come back home now!"
Frieda rolled her eyes in disdain and replied slowly, "Got it. I'll go home now."
Before Jonathan could say anything else, she hung up.
I didn't do anything wrong. Jonathan got angry for nothing.
However, she felt guilty for doing that behind Jonathan's back.
Back in the Queen residence, Jonathan shot his phone a death stare. 
###Chapter 371
Chapter 371 Taking Sides
Around half an hour later, Frieda arrived and strode into the house cockily. She only put her arrogance aside when she realized Alfred was sitting on the couch.
"You are here, Grandpa," Frieda greeted Alfred with a pang of guilt.
Alfred threw her a displeased look and scoffed.
Frieda rubbed her nose idly and made to join them on the couch.
"Stand right there!" Jonathan snapped.
Frieda halted in her tracks unwillingly. As Alfred was around, she returned to her spot and stood there silently.
PlayvolumeAd
"Do you know why I asked you to come home?" Jonathan demanded.
Frieda pursed her lips and feigned ignorance. "I don't know. I was shopping when you asked me to come back. Why are you upset?"
Jonathan wore a wintry expression. "Did you order Rex not to provide medicinal herbs to Dr. Jarvis' research institute?"
Frieda nodded indifferently.
Seeing her response, Alfred and Jonathan shared a look of confusion.
Ever since Frieda first met Roxanne, she had been at odds with the latter.
Her grudge nearly caused Queen Group's reputation to take a fall, but she didn't think she was wrong.
"Why did you do that?" Jonathan furrowed his brows.
Frieda pretended to be surprised. "Jonathan, don't you know that all the medicinal herb suppliers have been warned by Farwell Group not to supply any medicinal herbs to Roxanne? If we continue supplying medicinal herbs to her, we're announcing that we're going against Farwell Group!"
A flash of surprise appeared in Jonathan's gaze.
No wonder Roxanne said all the other medicinal herb suppliers stopped supplying the research institute with medicinal herbs when she came here in the morning. However, she didn't explain why. It turns out that Farwell Group was behind it.
Jonathan recalled that Lucian and Roxanne seemed to be on good terms previously. In fact, Lucian defended Roxanne more than once. Thus, he couldn't understand why Roxanne was targeted.
As he frowned in puzzlement, Frieda added, "Mrs. Farwell didn't say anything to us as we're close to them. But since we're working closely with Farwell Group, shouldn't we side with them? We will be going against Mrs. Farwell if we insist on providing medicinal herbs to Roxanne's research institute as per our promise. If Mrs. Farwell gets upset, she might cause trouble for us!"
Jonathan's frown deepened. "Are you saying that Mrs. Farwell gave the order? Why did she do that?"
Frieda shot him a smug grin. "You don't know about this, huh? Roxanne is Lucian's ex-wife, and Mrs. Farwell didn't like her at all. It so happened that—"
It so happened that I hated her, too. Thus, I took the chance to teach her a lesson.
Before Frieda could finish her sentence, Jonathan had guessed her intention. He leaped up from the couch abruptly.
Frieda's voice trailed off in shock.
"Shut up! You're part of the Queen family. How could you say that? If word gets out, people will definitely laugh at us. Queen Group has built its reputation painstakingly over the years, so there is no need to take sides to show our stance!" Jonathan stormed over to her and threw her a glare. 
###Chapter 372
Chapter 372 Stay Out Of It
Frieda took two steps back subconsciously as she defended herself, "Did I say anything wrong? If Queen Group lands into trouble because we go against Farwell Group, that will be a huge crisis!"
Jonathan felt his temples throbbing. Clenching his jaw, he admonished, "Do you know why Queen Group can stand tall for over a century?"
Frieda hung her head low and said nothing.
"That's because we deliver what we promise!" Jonathan shot her a disappointed look. "If we give up on our principle easily because of personal matters, Queen Group will lose the credibility to do business in the medical industry!"
Frieda cowered back and glanced at Alfred cautiously. She said humbly, "Jonathan, I'm doing this for Queen Group's sake. No company in Horington dares to go against Farwell Group! Mrs. Farwell warned every medicinal herb supplier in Horington to stay away from Roxanne. If we don't do the same, how will she think of us? Our relationship with Farwell Group might take a toll. It isn't worth the risk." She then glanced at Jonathan to gauge his reaction.
Jonathan stared at her icily and waited for her to devise more excuses to justify her foolish actions.
"Don't you know what Roxanne did to the Farwell family six years ago? She deserves to get punished for her irresponsible actions." Frieda tried to add fuel to the fire.
Right after she said that, Jonathan let out an icy snort.
Frieda's heart leaped to her throat as she shot him a perplexed look.
"You remember what Dr. Jarvis did to the Farwell family six years ago, so I believe you still remember how Dr. Jarvis cured Grandpa a while ago." The more Frieda spoke, the more ridiculous Jonathan felt. He promptly exposed Frieda's lousy excuse.
Taken aback, Frieda turned to look at Alfred instinctively.
Based on what Jonathan said, it was clear that Alfred had made up his mind.
"Grandpa..." Frieda's voice softened when she belatedly realized that she should act coy to Alfred.
After hearing her excuses, Alfred was puzzled and exhausted.
He had treated his grandchildren equally over the years and taught them personally.
However, Frieda grew up as an ungrateful young lady with extreme behavior.
Does she not respect me at all?
Disappointment flooded Alfred's heart as he gave Frieda a crestfallen look. "Don't turn to me. Dr. Jarvis saved my life, and I made that clear during the banquet that we should treat Dr. Jarvis as our family. How could you do that to her?"
Frieda hurriedly explained, "Grandpa, you've gotten it wrong. I-"
Alfred interjected, "Will you admit to your mistake?" His voice was stern as he stared at her intently.
Frieda fell silent, but the fear on her face turned to indignance.
Indeed, she had her reason for doing that, but she also did it for the sake of Queen Group. How dare they question me now? They will realize they are wrong when Farwell Group causes trouble for them in the future!
As she didn't seem to regret her actions, Alfred shook his head in disappointment. "From today onward, you aren't allowed to interfere in Queen Group's business anymore. Jonathan will be in charge of Queen Group solely."
Frieda's head whipped up in shock at her grandfather's words.
Before she could protest, Alfred gestured for Jonathan to take him upstairs. He didn't want to stay back and listen to her nonsense. 
###Chapter 373
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 373
Chapter 373 Think Of Another Way Upstairs, Alfred let out a sigh. "Keep an eye on Frieda. She's reckless, so I'm afraid shell do something foolish," he told Jonathan. Jonathan agreed to his request hastily.
"Don't worry."
"Also, don't take Frieda's words to heart.
We shall supply Dr.
Jarvis with the medicinal herbs she needs.
I shall bear the responsibility if Farwell Group causes trouble for US." Alfred reminded, "Queen Group honors its promise, so we can't break our principle." Jonathannodded in response.
"Ill call Dr.
Jarvis now to explain the situation to her," he said. Alfred shot him
curt nod.
"You can leave now.
I'm tired." After learning what Frieda did, Alfred had gone cold with fury.
Exhaustion only caught up to him after he dealt with the matter.
After helping Alfred to get into bed, Jonathan left the bedroom.
He then gave Roxanne a call. Meanwhile, Roxanne was feeling heavy-hearted in her office.
It was getting dark, butQueen Group still hadn't reverted to her. She started suspecting that Colby was right.
Queen Group promised to investigate the matter, but it was just an excuse to brush her off.
If he's right, 111 have tofigure out a way to contact the medicinal herb suppliers in the neighboring city.
It will take time to deliver the medicinal herbs, but that's the only way for now.
I wonder if those people have received warning from Farwell Group.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne pulledher phone out to call the senior she met at a previous academic conference. She had just gotten her phone when it started vibrating and ringing. Stunned, Roxanne furrowed her brows and glanced at her screen.
Her eyes lit up when she spotted the caller ID.
"Mr.
Queen," she greeted.
Jonathan told her apologetically, "Dr.
Jarvis, I've investigated the matter, and it was just a misunderstanding.
I've dealt with it, so we shall deliver the medicinal herbs you need to the research institute tomorrow morning."
Hearingthat, Roxanne exhaled in relief.
She could finally relax at the good news.
"Can I ask what happened?" Jonathan fell silent for a few moments.
"Well, it's an internal problem within Queen Group, so I can't tell you anything.
However, it won't happen again.
Don't worry," he assured. Roxanne didn't ask any more questions and nodded.
"Thank you."
Jonathan chuckled.
"You're welcome.
If you need any medicinal herbs urgently, please consider Queen Group first.
We promise well deliver the medicinal herbs as stipulated on the contract." Roxanne thanked him gratefully.
After a brief small talk, the two ended the call. At the same time, someone knocked on Roxanne's door.
Colby entered her office.
Hehad waited the entire day but didn't receive any updates from Queen Group.
Hence, he got worried and came over to ask Roxanne about the matter.
"Dr.
Jarvis, did Queen Group give you any update about the matter?" he urged.
He noticed the smileflitting across Roxanne's lips right after he asked that question. "They just called and promised to deliver the medicinal herbs first thing tomorrow morning," Roxanne told him cheerfully. Colby had already guessed the answer from her expression.
He flashed a grin and said, "I knew Queen Group wouldn't go back on their word."
His smile slipped ashe added, "But Queen Group is the only company that is willing to work with us right now.
It isn't enough." The research institute was expanding quickly, so Queen Group couldn't supply the medicinal herbs they needed fast enough.
Roxanne'ssmile faded.
"No matter what, this batch of medicinal herbs can solve our problem for now. 
###Chapter 374
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 374
Chapter 374 Is This Not Too Much On the other hand, Frieda was furious as she assumed her brother and grandfather didn't appreciate her efforts.
Consequently, they even forbade her from interfering in Queen Group's business.
After Alfred and Jonathan went upstairs, Frieda plopped onto the couch angrily and brooded for along time.
She would occasionally vent her frustrations on the servants. As she failed to tamp down her frustration, she called Aubree.
"Aubree,where are you?" Aubree was in the hospital, and Sonya was sitting beside her.
Hearing Frieda's voice, she lowered her phone's volume and responded, "I'm in the hospital.
What's wrong?" "Haven't you got discharged yet?" Frieda asked in concern. Frieda knew Aubree was admitted to the hospital after she got hurt trying to save Sonya.
Frieda often visited Aubree at the hospital, but she didn't realize Aubree's condition was that serious.
Aubree glanced at Sonya and said pretentiously, "I wanted to discharge from thehospital as I think I'm doing better, but Mrs.
Farwell is worried about me." Hearing that, Sonya shot her a reproachful look.
Aubree flashed a coy smile as their gazes met.
"It's onlyright for Mrs.
Farwell to show her concern for you as you got hurt trying to save her.
Besides, you're her future daughter-in-law.
Who else should she shower her affection on if not for you?" Frieda answered cheerfully.
Recalling what happened earlier, she put on a gloomy expression.
"I'll come visit you later.
Wait for me!" Aubree grunted in agreement. After the call ended, Sonya offered her a slice of orange.
Taking the slice of orange from her, Aubree said, "Mrs.
Farwell, I've already recovered.
You don't have to take care of me.
You're making me feel rather uneasy." Sonya shot her a disapproving look.
"You are injured so you need to recuperate in the hospital for some time.
Why do you feel uneasy if I were to take care of you? You got hurt because of me.
I'll feel bad if I don't take care of you!" Aubree's lips curled as she ate the orange obediently. Sonya was pleased by how obedient Aubree looked.
Nodding, she added, "After you marry into the Farwell family, we will have a lot of time to care for each other."
Aubree's cheeks turned pink as shegave Sonya a shy look.
"Mrs.
Farwell, Lucian hasn't made up his mind yet.
Stop saying that."
"Lucian will listen to me.
Roxanne is getting kicked out of Horington.
Who else can Lucian marry besides you?" Sonya said solemnly. Aubree promptly feigned ignorance.
"Why would you say that?" "I've warned all medicinal herbs suppliers in Horington to stop providing medicinal herbs to Roxanne.
If she knows her place, she should know that she isn't welcomed in Horington!" Sonya responded coolly.
As Pearson Group wasone of the biggest medicinal herb suppliers in Horington, Aubree knew that Sonya meant what she said.
Despite feeling delighted inwardly, Aubree protested, "Mrs.
Farwell, isn't this too much? If the research institute discovers that Roxanne is the reason" "You don't haveto pity her, for she brought this upon herself.
How dare she return to Horington after what she did to US?" Sonya patted Aubree's shoulder to consoleher. Aubree pursed her lips and smiled. "Who called you?" Sonya asked. "It was Frieda.
She will be coming later to pay me a visit later," came Aubree's answer.
Sonya put the stuff she was holding aside and gotto her feet.
"You have a visitor, so I won't disturb you. 
###Chapter 375
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 375
Chapter 375 Let Roxanne Off Easily Not long after Sonya left, someone knocked on the door. Frieda then walked inwearing a bitter expression. "What's wrong? Did someone bully you?" Aubree questioned as she was confused after seeing her expression. Frieda sat beside the bed and started peeling an apple distractedly.
"My brother and my grandpa!" she complained. As Frieda wasn't focusing on peeling the apple, Aubree tookthe apple and knife away from her.
Patiently, she asked, "What did they do to you?" "They found out I was the one whotold Rex to not supply the medicinal herbs to Roxanne!" Frieda shot her an aggrieved look. Actually, it was Aubree who gave her the idea in the first place. If Aubree hadn't mentioned the matter, Frieda wouldn't find out that Sonya had blacklisted Roxanne. As they both disliked Roxanne, Aubree suggested that she should grab the opportunity to stop supplying medicinal herbs to Roxanne. Besides getting to vent their frustration, they could also improve the relationship between Queen Group and Farwell Group. Frieda didn't think much about it.
Assuming that Aubree was helping her, she did as she was told.
After she received a scolding, she immediately came to Aubree and poured out her grievances. A flash of disgustappeared in Aubree's eyes.
I can't believe Frieda couldn't accomplish something this simple! Despite thinking that way, Aubree had to pretend to be a caring and understanding friend.
"Thenwhat happened? Did they reprimand you?" she urged softly. Frieda nodded angrily.
"They said I was trying to destroy the Queen family's reputation.
I was prohibited to interfere in Queen Group's business from now on!" Having said that, Frieda took Aubree's other arm and gave hera pleading look.
"Aubree, you know I did nothing wrong.
Please help me explain to Jonathan and my grandpa!" I did nothing wrong but lost my voice in Queen Group.
It's not worthwhile at all. A flash of impatience appeared on Aubree's face as she brushed Frieda's hand away discreetly.
"Calm down.
It's normal for Old Mr.
Queen and Jonathan to react that way, for it was Roxanne who cured Old Mr.
Queen's illness.
Jonathan had always stood on Roxanne's side, so it's normal for him to defend her." Frieda's expression changed slightly.
"Are we going to let Roxanne off easily this time?" Aubree grimaced.
"Did Queen Group resume supplying medicinal herbs to Roxanne's research institute?" Frieda nodded gravely.
Obviously, Jonathan and Grandpa want to continue supplying medicinal herbs to Roxanne. A wave of fury crashed through Frieda when she thought of she failed to teach Roxanne a lesson and instead ended up getting reprimanded by her family. Aubree's rage nearly went through the roof, for tha meant that Sonya's plan had fallen short. She didn't want Queen Group to intervene and hinted at Frieda to take action against Roxanne.
Alas, she didn't know that Frieda was that unreliable. Aubree fell silent, but Frieda didn't realize anything was wrong andcontinued to pour her grievances. "I wonder why Grandpa and Jonathan side with Roxanne when all she did was cure Grandpa's illness.
They refused to believe me even though I am one of them.
I did this for Queen Group's sake!" she complained. Aubree was getting annoyed, so she merely replied half-heartedly, "They will soonknow that you're right." Hearing her acknowledgment, Frieda was pleased.
knew I was right! However, she couldn't help but lament, "Ugh, we let her off easily this time!" Aubree's eyes were blocks of ice. 
###Chapter 376
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 376
Chapter 376 Smile And Says Nothing Frieda was rather confused. Could it be that... Aubree has another trick up her sleeve?
With that thought in mind, Frieda askedcarefully, "Aubree, do you mean that you have another way to teach Roxanne a lesson?" Ugh, she's so annoying.
Even if I have another trick up my sleeve, why would I let her know? She'sno help at all! However, Aubree knew she would still need Frieda's help one day.
Thus, she assured Frieda, "Don't worry.
I won't let that b*tch gain the upper hand.
She was the reason you got chided by Old Mr.
Queen and Jonathan.
I shall avenge you and make sure she gets what she deserves!"
In just a few words, Aubree had placed the blame on Roxanne. Frieda nodded vehemently.
"Since I met her, Grandpa and Jonathan kept finding fault with me.
I'm one of them, but they insisted on siding with her! We really need to teach her a lesson." Having achieved her goal, Aubree squinted her eyesin satisfaction.
She patted Frieda's shoulder and said, "Don't forget that we're not the only ones who hate Roxanne."
Her words stunned Frieda.
It took a while for the latter to realize what she meant.
Oh, I forgot that it was Sonya who came up withthe plan to make things difficult for Roxanne.
There's no way Roxanne can get what she wants! It was clear that Sonya wanted to take Roxanne down to help Aubree.
After all, everyone saw how Sonya adored Aubree all theyears. There was no way Sonya would allow Roxanne, who suddenly returned, to take the place belonging to Aubree. Besides, Roxanne left without saying goodbye six years ago and only left behind a divorce agreement.
It meant that she had dumped Lucian instead of the other way around.
Her action brought shame to the Farwell family. Sonya would never forgive Roxanne ever!
The more Frieda pondered over the matter, the more excited she got.
Her anger disappeared into thin air as she grinned and fawned over Aubree.
"Mrs.
Farwell adores you, Aubree.
This time, she must've taken action against Roxanne because of you!"
Aubree was inwardly delighted, but she puton an act and furrowed her brows.
"That has nothing to do with me.
It was that b*tch who has a death wish." Glancing at Aubree's wounded arm, Frieda responded, "Roxanne returned to the country a while ago, but Mrs.
Farwell didn't take action against her until you got hurt.
Do you still think it has nothing to do with you? She only took action as Roxanne caused your arm to get injured twice."
Aubree turned to look ather arm and flashed a smile and said nothing. Indeed, if she hadn't decided to be ruthless toward herself, Sonya might still be tolerating Roxanne's existence. Her injury had forced Sonya to take sides. Frieda put on a flattering smile.
"Mrs.
Farwell adores you.
Roxanne bullied you, so she must teach Roxanne a lesson.
You're her future daughter-in-law, after all."
Aubree's lips twitched.
"We have to wait for Lucian's decision." Frieda couldn't care less.
"Mrs.
Farwell is on your side.
After she kicked Roxanne out of Horington, you'll be the only woman by Lucian's side.
Who else can he marry besides you? Just wait patiently for the day to come.
You'll be his wife in the near future." Hmm, she's right.
Aubree's heart swelled with an indescribable sense of happiness at that thought. 
###Chapter 377
Leaving The Country After Divorce chapter 377
Chapter 377 Why The Sudden Question When Roxanne returned home in the evening, Lysa had brought Archie and Benny home and prepared dinner forthem. Upon noticing Roxanne from a distance, the two children greeted her, "You must be tired, Mommy!" They tilted their heads to look at Roxanne and realized she looked worn out. The two boys exchanged glances.
Mommy must have had a hard time at work. Roxanne was exhausted after a long day at work, but after seeing how worried hersons were, she pulled herself together.
Stroking their heads, she smiled.
"Thank you, my darlings." When her words fell, Archie and Benny immediately ran to fetch her a pair of slippers and placed themat her feet. Roxanne responded with a grin. When she took off her coat, the two boys grabbed it from her and hung it on the rack. It took them a while as they were not tall enough to reach the coat rack. Roxanne giggled while patiently waiting for the boys.
After they managed to hang the coat, she led them to the dining table and sat them down.
"Bon appétit, Mommy!" The two little ones evengave their mother some of their food. Roxanne's smile grew wider.
All her exhaustion vanished in a flash when she saw how obedient Archie and Benny were. "Mommy, you must be tired, right?" Benny leaned over to observeher expression. Roxanne responded with a comforting smile, "Not at all, especially seeing your faces." The two boys looked at her with suspicion. "Come, try some." Roxanne gave them a portion of her food as well. Just when she thought the little ones would dine in peace, Benny suddenly questioned endearingly, "Mommy, when do we get to travel out of the country again?" Archie, sitting on the side, shot a glance at Roxanne. Roxanne froze for a moment before answering, "I still have work to do at the research institute.
We can travel once I complete all my tasks." "Does that mean we won't get to travel anytime soon?" Benny queried again.
Roxanne bobbed her head inresponse to his question. "How long more do we have to wait?" Benny refused to give in for some reason, making Roxanne knit her brows. When their gazes met, she noticed his eyes were full of anticipation. Roxanne could not help but feel a pang of guilt. The two boys enjoyed living in Chanaea, yet they had to relocate from one place to another because of her. However, knowing Sonya was on their backs, Roxanne had no choice but to steel herself and grasp at straws. When she did not reply to them even after some time, the little ones urged her to give them an answer, "Mommy!" Hearing that, Roxanne came back to her senses and put on a cursory smile.
"I don't have an answer yet.
What's with the question, though?" Archie and Benny exchanged glances again.
They were disappointed with Roxanne's response. Seeing them like this, Roxanne had no idea what was on their minds.
"We bumped into Essie in the kindergarten.
She came to play with US, but we could tell she wasn't happy," Benny said ina sweet, mellow voice.
Looking at Roxanne, he pleaded, "Mommy, can we stay a little longer?" Roxanne felt a tingling pain in her heart when she thought of Estella.
After keeping mum for a moment, she shook her head.
"We have to leave after I've completed my work here.
Don't you miss Professor Lambert?" Feeling disappointed, Archie and Benny lowered their heads. 
###Chapter 378
Roxanne was at a loss for words upon noticing how downhearted they were.
Thankfully, Archie and Benny knew their mother could not bear to leave Estella either. Although they were upset, they eventually regained their composure and continued finishing their dinner, sensibly not uttering another word.
By the time Roxanne finished her dinner, she had drained every last bit of her energy. The two boys went upstairs to rest as they were not in the mood to play anymore.
Watching them sleep, Roxanne gently stroked their cheeks and whispered, "Sorry, darlings."
At such a young age, Archie and Benny had to travel from one place to another because of her.
By right, these boys deserved a better life. Had she told Lucian the truth, the Farwell family would for sure take them back, and they would be able to enjoy all the privileges. Yet, Roxanne chose to keep them by her side.
She had worked hard over the years to make it up to the boys, but it seemed what she did was far from enough.
After watching them sleep for a while, Roxanne leaned forward and gave them a peck on their foreheads. She then stood up, turned off the lights, and left the room.
When they heard the sound of the closing door, Archie and Benny gradually opened their eyes and exchanged looks.
They heard Roxanne's apology because they had been awake all along. Why did Mommy apologize to us? Did she do anything bad to us?
Returning to her room, Roxanne packed her things for a while before lying on her bed.
As she had a long day at work, she thought she would fall deep into slumber in no time, but the moment she shut her eyes, all sorts of images kept popping up in her mind.
She recalled how Sonya confronted her in the café, how Estella cried while pleading with her to stay, and the disappointment on Archie's and Benny's faces.
Roxanne felt helpless. My life is nothing but a joke.
After working hard for so many years, she thought she had garnered enough strength to face the Farwell family, but that was not the case. To the Farwells, she was just another small fry. Once again, she had to leave the city because of the Farwell family,
ecause
After what seemed like a long time, Roxanne finally fell asleep.
When the alarm rang the next day, Roxanne woke up with a headache. However, upon remembering Queen Group would deliver the herb today, she forced herself to crawl out of bed. Even when she was freshening up in the bathroom, she was still very much in a daze.
By the time she got downstairs, Archie and Benny were already having their breakfast by the table.
When the two boys saw their mother coming down the stairs, they remembered how she had apologized to them last night.
Even so, they believed Roxanne apologized to them when they were asleep because she did not want them to know, so they decided not to pursue the matter.
Looking at her face, they expressed their concern, "Did you not sleep well, Mommy?"
That question took Roxanne by surprise.
"You have dark circles under your eyes," Archie added with a serious look as he was worried about her.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne immediately understood what they were implying. Plastering a smile on her face, she said, "I couldn't sleep well because I had too much coffee at work yesterday. Thanks for your concern, darlings."
The two boys looked at each other, skeptical about her answer. After asking her a few more questions, they finally settled down.
After breakfast, Roxanne requested Lysa's help to send them to the kindergarten. Then, she went upstairs to put on simple makeup and drove to the research institute.
During the drive to the research institute, she could help but feel a tad anxious.
Jonathan might have given her his promise, but somehow, she still felt insecure because she had not seen the herb.
Based on her experience with the other business associates, problems always occurred during the delivery. Had she not called them to check on the progress, they did not even bother to tell her the truth. 
###Chapter 379
Roxanne arrived at the research institute's entrance and saw Colby doing a check on the herb. Standing beside him was a plump man in a suit.
She had no idea what their conversation was about but could tell Colby was annoyed by the man who tried to please him.
Roxanne rarely saw such an expression on Colby as he had always been a patient gentleman. Quickening her steps, she walked up to them.
"Dr. Galloway, I didn't do this on purpose. I was in a meeting when you called me yesterday, and I thought
IP
Before the man could finish his sentence, Colby interrupted him indifferently when he saw Roxanne coming in his direction. He then introduced Roxanne to the man, "This is Dr. Roxanne Jarvis, the person-in- charge of our research institute. Please tell her what you told me just now."
The man froze for a moment and immediately tilted his head to look at Roxanne. He then greeted her with respect, "Dr. Jarvis, I'm Rex Tanner, the manager in charge of the herb from Queen Group. You can call me Rex."
Roxanne looked confused. This man is from Queen Group? What's going on?
Words caught in Rex's throat as he did not know how to explain the situation to Roxanne.
Truthfully, Rex was a victim of the incident. He only gave Colby an attitude because Frieda told him that was Jonathan's idea. Now, he had no choice but to bear the consequences.
When Jonathan ordered him to apologize to people in the research institute, he thought he should beg for their forgiveness in person instead of making a call. That was why he came here with his entourage. Never did Rex think they would give him the cold shoulder. He tried buttering Colby up, yet the latter ignored him. But I can't come clean and tell them the instruction came from Ms. Queen, can I?
nie
са
When he found out Roxanne was the person-in-charge of the research institute, he even further humbled himself before her as he knew she was the same person who cured Alfred.
After exchanging glances with Colby for a moment, Roxanne looked at Rex and nodded at him in response. "What brings you here, Mr. Tanner?" she queried.
Roxanne believed the man standing in front of her was the man who did not bother to entertain Colby over the phone. No wonder Colby gives him attitude today.
Upon hearing the tone of Roxanne's voice, he could not help but sigh before saying apologetically, "Dr. Jarvis, Dr. Galloway called me yesterday, but I was in an urgent meeting When I thought of returning his call after the meeting, Mr. Queen called me to his office. I got caught up with work and eventually forgot to get back to Dr. Galloway. And that's how the misunderstanding started..."
Roxanne's lips curled into a cold smile. "In other words, you're blaming us for being impatieni?
Are you trying to say we should have waited for your call, Mr. Tanner?"
Cold sweat began beading on Rex's forehead.
He thought talking to Roxanne would be easier than communicating with Colby because the former was a woman, but to his surprise, she twisted his words and intimidated him.
"That's not what I meant..."
The woman was petite but exuded a domineering aura. Rex broke out in cold sweat as he could not explain himself.
NI
Roxanne glared at him for a few seconds before reaching out her hand. Dialing down her domineering aura, she uttered, "Since you're the manager in charge of Queen Group's herb, and we'll still be working closely with you in the future, I hope you'll treat us with respect and ensure that yesterday's incident will not repeat." 
###Chapter 380
At the end of the day, the man was from Queen Group. Since Jonathan had left the matter to that man's hand, that meant he was also one of Jonathan's men. Therefore, Roxanne was not going to put him in a tough spot. What she said earlier was merely a reminder for him that the research institute was not easy to deal with and for him to put in more effort into the matter in the future.
Coming back to his sense, Rex let out a loud sigh of relief. He then quickly held Roxanne's hand, nodding vigorously. "Of course, of course!"
Roxanne flashed him a polite smile. "I look forward to working with you, then."
Rex wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and agreed to her words fervently.
On the other side, Colby was done with counting the herbs. He then asked the employees to move the boxes in before he walked over to the other two people.
Clearly, Rex had done similar jobs before, for he quickly handed Colby the document when he saw the other man approaching them.
Colby glanced at Roxanne. Technically, the person in charge should be the one signing it.
Nevertheless, Roxanne inclined her head at Colby.
After a moment of hesitation, Colby took the document and signed it.
um
However, long after he signed the document, Rex did not take it back. It seemed as if the latter was lost in his thoughts.
The corner of Colby's lips twitched before he noncommittally urged, "Mr. Tanner?"
Hearing him, Rex snapped back to his senses and awkwardly took back the document. He then poured another round of apologies before Roxanne used her work as an excuse for him to leave. After watching the people from Queen Group leave, the two turned and went back into the research institute.
"Will this batch of herbs be enough?" Roxanne asked seriously.
Colby was walking behind her when he heard her. He then nodded. "Maybe Queen Group is trying to compensate us for how Rex rejected us yesterday because they've given us a little more herbs than we've ordered. We'll have enough for this period of time. In fact, we might have a little more than enough."
Hearing that, Roxanne furrowed her brows. "Why didn't you say anything about that just now?"
Colby arched a brow in response. "I wanted to, but I saw that the list stated the same amount as the amount I've calculated, so I didn't raise the issue."
If he were to mention it around Rex, Rex would certainly take the opportunity to brush over his rejection the day before.
There was no way Colby would give him the chance to do that.
Knowing what he was thinking about, Roxanne siniled.
Even so, she knew it was Jonathan's doing. She could avoid mentioning it around Rex, but she had to thank Jonathan still.
The moment Roxanne returned to her office, she called Jonathan.
Jonathan picked up the call quickly. In fact, he even started speaking before Roxanne could. "Dr. Jarvis, have you received the herbs from Queen Group?"
Roxanne chuckled. "I have. Your company's people came earlier than I did. Moreover, I saw that Queen Group has sent us more than I ordered. Mr. Queen, this is what you intended, right?"
Jonathan did not disagree with that. "What happened yesterday must have been troublesome for your research institute. After you left, my grandpa chided me. Indeed, we should be held responsible for this, but I didn't know how we could compensate you. So, Dr. Jarvis, I hope you'll accept these herbs."
Having Rex send the research institute more herbs than ordered was partially a selfish wish of Jonathan-he hoped it would salvage Queen Group's reputation among Roxanne and the others.
Roxanne did not reject Jonathan as she knew that the extra herbs were but a trivial amount to Queen Group. Instead, she said, “Thank you, then. It's true that your batch of herbs has helped resolve my curren crisis. I'll come to you to thank you personally another day."
"That sounds like a good idea." Jonathan chuckled. "My grandpa has been asking about when he will be meeting you."
After a brief small talk, the two ended the call. 
###Chapter 381
After Roxanne put her phone to the side, she proceeded to read the details about the research institute's recent use of herbs, and her head thyobbed.
To be honest, she had already planned it all the night before; she was going to ask for a favor from Jonathan to introduce her to a few herb suppliers.
However, Queen Group had given them benefits earlier in the day. If Roxanne asked for another favor, it would seem as if she was greedy. As a matter of fact, she hesitated for a long while earlier in the call and ended up not saying anything about that to Jonathan.
Thus, she had no choice but to contact her seniors who she had met at the medical conference the other time.
Roxanne wondered if they still remembered her.
As the day before had been tiring, and as she had not gotten a good night's sleep the night before as well, Roxanne could not help but feel frustrated as she scrolled through her contact list.
Everything had been going smoothly at the research institute, and they had even completed several major projects under her lead.
However, in the blink of an eye, they had returned to step one. In fact, the situation was even worse than back then.
That was all thanks to Sonya.
At that, Roxanne could not help but feel fury.
I didn't do anything wrong, so why won't Sonya just let me go?
The intensity of that fury rose to its peak after Roxanne failed to get anyone to pick up the calls.
Furrowing her brows, she weakly massaged her temples. Once again, she was forced to acknowledge how weak and helpless she was.
Meanwhile, Frieda felt that she had been wronged. It was one thing for Alfred to berate her, but the elderly man even took back her power in Queen Group.
Even though Frieda had complained to Aubree about it, the more Frieda ruminated about the matter, the angrier she became. In the end, she barely slept that night.
The next morning after breakfast, Frieda rushed to Queen Group.
She dared not voice her protests 10 Alfred, but she certainly dared to convince her brother otherwise.
Just as Jonathan ended Roxanne's call, he heard a commotion outside.
"Ms. Queen, Mr. Queen is currently working. If you don't have an appointment-"
What is she doing here?
Jonathan rose to his feet as his head ached. Opening the office door, he said to his assistant, "You can leave first >>>
Then, he frowned at his sister before turning to walk back into his office in silence.
Frieda hurried after him. Upon entering his office, she sat down on the couch and began scanning the area.
Even though Jonathan had chided her the day before, he still doted on his sister. Despite the solemn look on his face, he poured a cup of coffee for her and sat down opposite her. In a patient voice, he asked, "So why are you here so early in the morning?"
Smiling, Frieda took the cup of coffee from him before huffing. "Why can't I come without any reason? I'm part of the Queen family too!
Jonathan replied in exasperation, "You were never this early even when you were working back then."
At those words, Frieda fell awkwardly silent for a while. She then sipped on her coffee with faked nonchalance to hide her guilty feelings.
Jonathan could read what was on her mind, but he said nothing out loud. Instead, he stood up and grabbed some documents before reading them in the armchair beside her while he waited for her to confess her reason for coming to his office.
A beat later, Frieda squeezed out, "Jonathan, can you talk to Grandpa on my behalf and ask him to let me stay in Queen Group?"
Just as she said that, Jonathan paused in his reading and grimaced. "Give me a reason to do that."
A surge of upset rose in Frieda when she saw the grimness of her brother's expression.
I've already humbled myself, but he's still acting like this. It's as if I've done something terrible! 
###Chapter 382
"Do you still think you've done nothing wrong?"
Jonathan could figure out what she was thinking with just one glance. With a cold look, he put down the documents in his hands and gravely looked at the young woman in front of him.
Frieda frowned. "I didn't do anything wrong. The one targeting Roxanne was Mrs. Farwell, not me. I was just working on her instructions."
"Mrs. Farwell told you herself not to supply any herbs to Dr. Jarvis' research institute?" Jonathan sternly questioned, causing Frieda to jump in fright.
She tensed for a second, but she was quick to relax again. Then, she steeled herself and replied, "Even if Mrs. Farwell didn't tell me that, I know what she wants. Furthermore, we're in a good relationship with Farwell Group. Shouldn't we help Mrs. Farwell?"
Before Jonathan could speak, Frieda continued, "Jonathan, remember that Roxanne left without a word; she only left behind divorce papers. Mrs. Farwell hasn't settled the score with her yet. Aren't we, the people who know what happened, stand on the same side as the Farwells? You should be avenging Lucian with how close you are to him!".
Jonathan returned the question to her in a cold tone. "Did Lucian tell you this? Does Lucian need either you or me to avenge him?".
As far as Jonathan knew, not only did Lucian not need them to avenge him, but he was even defending Roxanne even more than others. Therefore, how could Lucian possibly let them target Roxanne? With that in mind, Jonathan began thinking about how Lucian might not know that Sonya was targeting Roxanne. Otherwise, there was no way Lucian would not do anything until now. Meanwhile, Frieda was still going on with her excuses. "Regardless of everything, what Roxanne did back then was a fact. Mrs. Farwell would never forgive her and Aubree"
"Stop!" Jonathan sternly interrupted her upon returning to his senses. "You know well whether you're doing this for Mrs. Farwell or for yourself! Frieda Queen, ask yourself this-what has Dr. Jarvis done wrong to our family? If not for her, Grandpa wouldn't even have recovered so well. She's the Queen family's savior! It's one thing for you to target her verbally, but you still refuse to admit that you've done wrong even after doing something ludicrous like this!"
It was the first time Frieda had seen her brother so livid, and for a while, she was frightened into silence.
Jonathan then knitted his brows. "I don't know where your prejudice against Dr. Jarvis came from, but from now on, I don't want to hear you doing foolish things like these anymore, let alone hear you using Farwell Group as your excuse!"
It was then Frieda recollected herself and parted her lips to defend herself.
but you still refuse to admit that you've done wrong even after doing something ludicrous like this!"
It was the first time Frieda had seen her brother so livid, and for a while, she was frightened into silence.
Jonathan then knitted his brows. "I don't know where your prejudice against Dr. Jarvis came from, but from now on, I don't want to hear you doing foolish things like these anymore, let alone hear you using Farwell Group as your excuse!".
11
14
It was then Frieda recollected herself and parted her lips to defend herself.
However, before she could say anything, the man in front of her stood up and returned to his seat behind his desk.
-- LEN
"You can go back if you have nothing else to say. I have work to do. Also, it's best that you stay home for the time being. I'm afraid you don't have enough self-discipline." Jonathan knew that he would not be able to convince her to change her mind, so he did not want to waste his breath anymore.
-- HELL
11
With that said, he threw himself into his work and did not spare another glance at Frieda anymore.
Even so, Frieda was reluctant to give in. When she saw that he was no longer looking at her, she kept trying to make noises to attract her brother's attention.
Yet, he did not raise his head to look at her even after a while.
Scoffing in annoyance, Frieda grabbed her bag and rose to her feet. She then stormed out of the office, her heels clacking. Still irked, Frieda slammed the door behind her when she went out. Jonathan only briefly furrowed his brows at the loud noise before continuing with his work. 
###Chapter 383
The speculation Jonathan made in the morning plagued his mind for the entire day.
When he went off work at night, he called Lucian.
The man on the other end of the line was swift to answer the call. "Is something the matter, Jonathan?"
Jonathan briefly chuckled. "It's been a while since we met. Are you free tonight for a drink?"
Lucian creased his forehead when he heard that-he knew Jonathan had something to say to him, so he lowered his voice and agreed to it.
After ending the call, Lucian instructed Cayden to pick Estella up from the kindergarten before he drove to a private club he frequented.
Just as he entered the establishment, the server came over. "Mr. Farwell, Mr. Queen has been waiting for you."
Lucian nodded slightly and followed the server upstairs into a private room.
Even though Jonathan had invited Lucian out for a drink, there was only a bottle of beer on the table. The rest that was on the table were plates of delectable dishes.
Jonathan was lost in his thoughts on the couch. When he saw Lucian entering the room, he slowly straightened up and smiled. "I wanted to buy you a drink, but today's a busy day, and I haven't gotten to eat yet, so it's mealtime instead."
Nodding, Lucian asked the server to leave.
In seconds, only the two of them were left in the room.
Taking a seat beside Jonathan, Lucian asked, "Did something happen? Speak your mind."
However, Jonathan was stumped.
He remembered the way Lucian treated Roxanne, but he had forgotten that it had been a while since he saw the two people interact.
In other words, he did not know if their relationship had changed after a while.
If things were the same as what his sister told him-if Lucian was silently agreeing to it as well-would his current actions be pointless?
F
However, by the time he came to those thoughts, he had already made the call to Lucian. Thus, he had no choice but to attend the appointment.
While he was waiting for Lucian, Jonathan had been mulling over that matter. He was unsure if he should talk to Lucian about it.
Hence, Jonathan's mind felt even more muddled when he heard Lucian's question. Left without a choice, he decided to play a fool and nonchalantly took some of the food with his fork before exclaiming, "I haven't eaten the whole day, and I'm starving! Let's dig in first and chat after."
Upon seeing Jonathan's abrupt actions, Lucian only deepened his frown.
ΕΙ
Giving him a forkful of the food, Jonathan chirped, "Lucian, I don't think you've eaten yet too, right? Hurry and try this."
The man beside him was silent for a long while.
At that, Jonathan could not help but feel remorseful.
I shouldn't have called him so quickly. If I didn't do that, I wouldn't be making myself suffer in this way now.
After a moment of silence, Lucian decided not to continue the topic and ate with Jonathan.
While they dug in, Jonathan would occasionally talk about business matters in an attempt to divert Lucian's attention,
However, the more he tried to do that, the more Lucian could sense that something was amiss with Jonathan,
Just as they were done with their meal, and right as Jonathan was trying to find an excuse to leave, he heard Lucian speak up. "You haven't talked about the reason you've invited me here. What is it that you're having so much difficulty saying?"
Jonathan stiffened before forcing himself to sit back on the couch. After a while of contemplation, he tentatively uttered, "I just wanted to ask if you've been in contact with Ms. Jarvis recently."
Ms. Jarvis? As in Roxanne Jarvis?
Lucian frowned upon hearing his question.
He had not contacted that woman since their meeting at the café.
The last time he heard anything about Roxanne was when Estella said that Roxanne was planning to move abroad.
At that thought, the temperature around Lucian dropped.
In the meantime, Cayden was just done cleaning up and had just laid down on the bed when he heard his phone ring. It was the ringtone he had set for Lucian, so Cayden instantly shot upright and picked up the call. "Mr. Farwell, what can I do for you?"
"Find out who has been contacting the major herb suppliers in Horington under Farwell Group's name and who is the one who isn't letting Horington's herb suppliers work with VR Research Institute," Lucian instructed.
Cayden hastily agreed to work on that.
After the call ended, confusion belatedly crashed into Cayden.
Although Farwell Group had various kinds of businesses, they did not venture deep into the medical industry. So why is Mr. Farwell suddenly asking me to look into this? Why is someone from Farwell Group contacting herb suppliers?
Despite the strangeness of the situation, Cayden still worked on it right away.
After all, it was something concerning Farwell Group, and Cayden was Lucian's assistant; it was nothing difficult for Cayden to investigate.
Not long after, he found out what had happened.
Again, Cayden was taken aback.
Isn't VR Research Institute Ms. Jarvis' research institute? Moreover, the person Mr. Farwell asked me to look into turns out to be Mrs. Farwell? 
###Chapter 384
The atmosphere in the room turned tense.
Jonathan discreetly shuddered and pondered if he should continue.
"Why are you asking about that?" Lucian glanced at him.
Jonathan cleared his throat before replying with his much nonchalance as he could muster, "When she came to give Grandpa a checkup yesterday, I suddenly recalled that you were on good terms with her, so I wanted to ask you about it. If you rarely talk to her, then..."
IS
Then I'm not going to bother myself with the matter anymore.
Before Jonathan could finish his sentence, the other man's eyes darkened,
Jonathan was certain that Lucian would decipher what was going on soon. Hence, he halted and gave Lucian a confused look. "What's the matter, Lucian?"
"Do you want to court her?" Lucian's brows were tightly knitted, and Jonathan could see the traces of annoyance in them.
His question rendered Jonathan dumbfounded and speechless.
What have I said to make him think this way?
Indeed, Roxanne was a nice woman, but Jonathan knew well about her relationship with Lucian. Even though that relationship was now in the past, he was still not going to do something that would make him an unloyal friend. -
Furthermore, Roxanne's rejection when Alfred tried to match-make them had been obvious. How could he possibly shamelessly court her still?
1
10
1
Nevertheless, Lucian was gloomily looking at his friend as a myriad of thoughts flashed through his mind.
As far as he knew, even though Roxanne infuriated him a lot, she was quite the charming woman in many ways. Therefore, it was not surprising for his friend to be interested in her.
UNDT
Moreover, with the way Jonathan had been acting the entire time... He had been hesitant to speak ever since Lucian entered the room, so evidently Jonathan thought of the matter as a tough topic. That was why Lucian had figured out what Jonathan was going to talk about the moment Jonathan mentioned Roxanne.
Nevertheless, the fury that came out of nowhere began simmering in him at the thought of that possibility, and it made the temperature around him drop,
A tense silence ensued.
It took Jonathan a while before he could recollect himself after Lucian's shocking question. Then,
he quickly waved his hands to deny it. "Why would you think that? I just noticed that Dr. Jarvis has lost much weight and since you were so protective of her back then... I wanted to ask if the two of you have..."
With that, Jonathan tentatively looked at Lucian and cautiously separated his hands as a gesture of breaking up.
In other words, he was asking Lucian if the latter was no longer interested in Roxanne.
an
Hearing that made Lucian's expression turn colder. "I was protective of her?"
Jonathan nodded in affirmation. "I could see it when Dr. Jarvis was treating my grandpa and during my grandpa's birthday celebration. We're friends of many years; how can I not know you well?"
WWW
Lucian curled his lips mockingly.
To outsiders, he was exceptionally protective of Roxanne.
Yet, who would have guessed that Roxanne would avoid him and even flee overseas just to hide from him?
AVINY
The moment Jonathan sensed the change in Lucian's demeanor, his headache returned.
He could not say that Lucian had nothing to do with that-that Lucian was still concerned about Roxanne. Yet, despite all that he had said, he had not heard a single word of concern from Lucian. In fact, Lucian seemed aloof and in a bad mood as if someone had owed him their life savings.
At the same time, Jonathan could not say that Lucian cared not for Roxanne. After all, he had never seen his friend undergo as many mood fluctuations as this for a woman before. Not only did Lucian not interrupt him, but he actually continued the topic Jonathan raised.
So should I talk about that matter with him? 
###Chapter 385
A beat later, Jonathan took in a deep breath and steeled himself before asking, "So, how are things between the two of you? If you're not planning to get involved with her anymore, I'll think of her as just a normal doctor the next time she gives my grandpa a checkup, and I won't be as courteous anymore."
Seconds later, Lucian uttered, "Just treat her the same as you always do."
She's going to be overseas soon, anyway; she's not going to have many chances to give Old Mr. Queen checkups anymore.
Hearing that, Jonathan let out a relieved sigh quietly because his words meant that Lucian was still interested in Roxanne.
After learning that, Jonathan began trying to steer the topic toward what troubles Roxanne had been encountering the past few days.
een enco
"Ahem. Also, when Dr. Jarvis came to give my grandpa a checkup yesterday, she mentioned their research institute has encountered some troubles again," Jonathan started, trying to keep the change in the topic as smooth as possible.
Just as those words were out of his mouth, Lucian turned to look at him. "What happened?"
Jonathan explained, "Dr. Jarvis came to treat my grandpa because all the herb suppliers in Horington refused to work with their research institute. That's why she came to the Queen family to get a contract that would be announced to the public about us selling herbs to their research institute at half price. After that, she succeeded in treating my grandpa, so I signed the contract with her as promised. With Queen Group as the pioneer, most of the herb suppliers began collaborating with the research institute again. However, for the past few days..."
Jonathan trailed off and glanced at his friend's expression. It was then he saw the frown on Lucian's face.
A pause later, Jonathan continued, "The same thing happened again. All the herb suppliers in Horington have received a notice that warned them against working with Dr. Jarvis' research institute. So, the only business partner that Dr. Jarvis has left is Queen Group."
10
Wrath appeared on Lucian's face. "Who did this?
Jonathan kept quiet for a while before deciding not to give Lucian the answer right away. Instead, he patied Lucian's shoulders and replied mysteriously, "This is all I can tell you. I'm sure that looking into this matter is no difficult feat for you, so it's best that you look into this yourself."
Regardless of everything, Sonya was an elder to him. Moreover, this was, at the end of the day, Lucian's family matter. If he continued, he would be crossing the line.
Jonathan thought that Lucian would look into the matter the next day at work or when they separated their ways later.
To his surprise, though, just as he was done telling Lucian about it, the latter ignored the fact that Jonathan was still right beside him and instantly took out his phone to make a call.
In the meantime, Cayden was just done cleaning up and had just laid down on the bed when he heard his phone ring. It was the ringtone he had set for Lucian, so Cayden instantly shot upright and picked up the call. "Mr. Farwell, what can I do for you?"
"Find out who has been contacting the major herb suppliers in Horington under Farwell Group's name and who is the one who isn't letting Horington's herb suppliers work with VR Research Institute," Lucian instructed.
Cayden hastily agreed to work on that.
After the call ended, confusion belatedly crashed into Cayden.
Although Farwell Group had various kinds of businesses, they did not venture deep into the medical industry. So why is Mr. Farwell suddenly asking me to look into this? Why is someone from Farwell Group contacting herb suppliers?
Despite the strangeness of the situation, Cayden still worked on it right away.
After all, it was something concerning Farwell Group, and Cayden was Lucian's assistant; it was nothing difficult for Cayden to investigate.
Not long after, he found out what had happened.
Again, Cayden was taken aback.
Isn't VR Research Institute Ms. Jarvis' research institute? Moreover, the person Mr. Farwell asked me to look into turns out to be Mrs. Farwell? 
###Chapter 386
Cayden took quite some time before he could reel in from the shock. The first thing he did after that was to report to Lucian.
Meanwhile, Lucian did not speak after ending the call with Cayden. Jonathan was no fool, so he
quietly ate the food that had turned cold.
When Lucian's phone lit up again, Jonathan whipped his head toward it.
Lucian answered the call swiftly.
"Mr. Farwell, I have the findings," Cayden started cautiously.
"Who did this?" Lucian asked in a deep voice.
Cayden hesitantly replied, "It's... Mrs. Farwell."
Lucian lowered his gaze when he heard that, but no surprise crossed his face.
Ever since Jonathan told him about the matter, he could somewhat guess who was behind it. Instructing Cayden to look into it was just to make sure his speculation was right. "Understood." Lucian then expressionlessly ended the call.
The temperature in the room had almost dropped below zero by then.
Jonathan opened his mouth to say something, but Lucian's voice came first.
"When did you find out about this?"
Jonathan tensed for a moment before answering honestly, "Yesterday."
Just as he replied to Lucian, the temperature in the room dropped even more.
Jonathan quickly explained, "Queen Group was affected too, so I was busy dealing with Queen Group's trouble. Also, I didn't know how I should tell you about it, so it dragged on until today. Don't worry. The herbs Queen Group supplied to Dr. Jarvis and the others should be enough."
Lucian lowered his gaze, suppressing the upset feelings.
After all, he was ultimately at fault for something like this to happen.
He knew that his mother disliked Roxanne, and he had seen the two's confrontation in the café himself. He should have realized that his mother would have laid a finger on Roxanne,
He should have sent men to keep a close eye on both of them to stop his mother from doing anything and to protect Roxanne.
However, Lucian had been too busy with his company. Whenever he came back from his office, he would stay at Estella's side at all times, resulting in him neglecting Roxanne.
Furthermore, he never expected his mother to have made a move so quickly.
"Also, I didn't know you had no idea about this," Jonathan slowly added.
He thought that Lucian would somewhat know about that since Sonya had done it by using Farwell Group's power.
If not for Frieda's words earlier in the morning, Jonathan would have never thought about telling Lucian about it.
At that, Lucian's expression darkened even more!
That woman must have known that this has something to do with Farwell Group. Maybe she thinks that I know about this as well. She's already avoiding me before this. Now, I wonder what she thinks of me. "I've been busy in the company," was the simple answer Lucian gave to Jonathan.
The latter nodded in understanding. True. Mrs. Farwell would have hidden this from Lucian.
With that thought in mind, Jonathan could not help but feel apologetic. "I should have told you about this yesterday if I knew you didn't know about it."
There was no change in Lucian's expression as he said, "Only the two of us will know about this; my mother won't know that you told me this."
If Lucian were to put himself in Jonathan's shoes, he would be able to understand why the latter took so long to tell him about this.
Their families were on good terms. By telling Lucian about it, Jonathan would essentially be making enemies with Lucian's mother.
Jonathan drew his brows together. "That's not the point. If not for seeing the way you treat Dr. Jarvis myself, I wouldn't have come all the way here to tell you about this." 
###Chapter 387
"Still, what are you going to do now that you've learned about this?" Jonathan hesitantly asked as he curiously stared at Lucian.
Jonathan was certain that his friend was interested in Roxanne.
However, whether or not Lucian was going to stand up against Sonya for Roxanne was something Jonathan was unsure about.
Lucian frowned as frustration washed over him. A beat later, he finally uttered, "I'll think of a way to deal with Farwell Group. Will you be able to assist with Roxanne's side?"
Jonathan was baffled to hear that.
Think of a way? What does that even mean? Is he going to go up against Mrs. Farwell or not?
When Lucian heard no response from Jonathan, he added, "It's fine if it's inconvenient for you. I'll think of a way myself. For now, I can't go up against my mother in public."
With the kind of person his mother was, the more he went up against her for Roxanne, the more irked his mother would be with Roxanne, and the more she would target Roxanne.
Furthermore, regardless of everything, she was his mother.
Lucian had to be more or less considerate of her status.
ΜΟΙ
Jonathan belatedly came back to his senses at that. After a moment of rumination, he voiced, "I'll definitely help out. Currently, only Queen Group is working with Dr. Jarvis' research institute. Although I can make sure that they get the herbs they need for now, I won't be able to do this long-term. Dr. Jarvis will need to work with more herb suppliers, and with Queen Group's influence in Horington, it won't be too difficult for me to convince several herb suppliers to do so. However.." He trailed off, giving Lucian a long lolok.
Seeing that, Lucian knitted his brows even more. "What's the matter?"
"Things will go far smoother if you back me up, "Jonathan responded as he arched a brow. "T'll just be looking for a few better herb suppliers. No one will say a word to Mrs. Farwell."
Lucian inclined his head. "Thank you, then. Also if it's possible, try to keep her in the country."
Lucian knew Roxanne well-he knew she would not just leave the research institute to rot and head overseas.
If Jonathan was going to help out, Roxanne would certainly do her best to work with him.
"No problem!"
Only after agreeing to it did Jonathan realize what Lucian had just said, and he knitted his brows in shock. "Wait. What do you mean? Dr. Jarvis is going overseas? She isn't planning to stay in the country?" Lucian nodded.
Jonathan was still in disbelief. "How did you know about that? I thought you haven't contacted her for a while. You don't even know something has happened to her research institute! What if it's just a misunderstanding on your part? It hasn't been long since Dr. Jarvis came back to the country."
As far as Jonathan knew, Roxanne had stayed abroad for six years, and she was back in the country to lead a research institute. She had put so much effort into the research institute, so Jonathan could not believe that she would leave so easily.
Lucian's lips curled into a mocking smile. "It's the truth. Not a misunderstanding. She told Essie about it."
He, too, had been stupefied upon learning about it, but that was the reality he had to accept.
"Then you..." Jonathan cast Lucian a hesitant look.
What is Lucian going to do if Dr. Jarvis leaves the country?
Lucian gave him a dark look. "That's why I'm asking you to try to keep her in the country."
At that, Jonathan snapped back to his senses and let out a sigh inwardly. He then chuckled and teased, "I knew you won't let her go so easily." 
###Chapter 388
However, Jonathan had been harboring a thought ever since he learned that Roxanne was Lucian's ex-wife who had left without a word, and he could not help but ask it at that moment. "What relationship does Dr. Jarvis have with Essie? I've never seen Essie so reliant on anyone."
Even though Jonathan did not say it out loud, Lucian could guess what Jonathan was trying to ask. Hence, he mildly replied, "Essie's her daughter."
It to
Jonath
Jonathan had long guessed that, but hearing it from Lucian was another matter. a while to come back to his senses after hearing Lucian's response. The time Roxanne left and Estella's age, along with how close Estella was with Roxanne, made Jonathan suspect that Estella was Roxanne's daughter. However, it seemed Roxanne treated Estella like any ordinary child whenever they interacted, so Jonathan dared not jump to any conclusions about that. Thus, he was perplexed to hear Lucian's confession.
So Dr. Jarvis doesn't know about this? She gave birth to the girl, but she has no idea about that?
Jonathan simply could not wrap his head around the matter, so he hesitantly asked, "Dr. Jarvis doesn't know about this, does sh
Lucian nodded in affirmation. "It seems like something has happened midway, so both Essie and Roxanne don't know about this."
The more Jonathan thought about it, the more absurd he found it to be. "Why don't you tell them both then?"
If Dr. Jarvis finds out that Essie's her daughter, she might choose to marry Lucian again for the sake of Essie. Things won't be this complicated. At his question, Lucian's gaze darkened. "It's because she has two sons."
zec
aus
IWO SO
Initially, it was because of her two boys and also because he thought Roxanne knew that Estella was her daughter.
Later on, he realized there had been a misunderstanding, but there was no opportunity for him to explain it anymore.
Now, Roxanne was avoiding him. If he were to tell her about this, he was sure that he would only be troubling her even more.
Jonathan knew that Roxanne had two children, but he had never seen them himself. Hence, he only muttered, "We don't know what Dr. Jarvis has gone through all these years. Honestly, I'm curious about where her kids are from."
Lucian lowered his gaze in silence.
The children's history was still a mystery to him.
At Lucian's silence, Jonathan realized that his friend did not want to continue the topic anymore. Furthermore, he had received confirmation for his guess, so he changed the topic. "Regardless of everything, Dr. Jarvis is Essie's biological mother, I definitely have to help out for Essie's sake, so be at ease and leave Dr. Jarvis' matter to me.”
Lucian's tense expression relaxed a little, and he nodded at Jonathan. "Thank you."
Jonathan smiled. "If you want to thank me, you'll have to treat me to this meal."
Smiling in return, Lucian agreed to it.
It was getting late, and since the two were done discussing the main topic, they stood to leave.
When they arrived downstairs, the server came up to them to inquire about the bill. Jonathan raised a brow and replied, "Put it on Mr. Farwell's tab."
The server glanced at Lucian and saw the man nod. Then, the server bowed at the two respectfully before watching them leave.
Even after returning to the Queen residence, Jonathan still remembered his promise to Lucian about helping Roxanne out. He dared not procrastinate on it, and he made contact with several herb suppliers in Horington that were on good terms with Queen Group and were under Queen Group's protection that night. After he offered them benefits while also threatening them, they agreed to consider working with VR Research Institute. 
###Chapter 389
The next morning, Roxanne was in the research institute, troubled by the issue of business partners.
She had contacted everyone she could in the country in the past few days, but her efforts were to no avail.
Many did not have a wide network of connections in Horington. Even if they did, they were not going to fight against Farwell Group for her. Three days after, Roxanne was lost.
Right as she was in the middle of despairing, someone knocked on her office door.
Colby entered with Jonathan behind him.
m
"Dr. Jarvis, Mr. Queen has come," Colby informed her.
Hearing that, Roxanne raised her head in shock. When she saw the man behind Colby, she was momentarily taken aback.
Queen Group's herbs have already been delivered, so what is he doing here?
"Dr. Jarvis." Jonathan smiled at her before scanning her office.
He wanted to take the opportunity to find a photo of the children's father, but he only found a photo of Roxanne and the two boys on her desk.
Jonathan then looked back at her and sat down opposite her.
Colby already knew why Jonathan was there, so he also sat down on the couch without any hesitation.
"Mr. Queen, did... something happen?" Roxanne held her breath, worried that Jonathan was going to follow Queen Group's wishes.
Noticing her worries, Jonathan flashed her a reassuring smile. "Here's what happened. My grandpa chided me again after I went home yesterday. He told me that my compensation to you still isn't enough, so last night, I've been thinking about what else I can do for you."
Upon hearing him, Roxanne stiffened.
Nevertheless, Jonathan continued, "I'm in the medical industry too, so I know how much herbs the research institute would use. Queen Group's supply will only be of help for a short period of time, and our group's supply alone would not be enough for your work."
At that, Roxanne frowned and helplessly said, "You're right. I've also been seeking collaboration with other herb suppliers these few days, but I've been unable to find anyone for that. Mr. Queen, it seems like you have a plan?"
Jonathan bobbed his head. "I'll be honest with you. Although Queen Group isn't as powerful as
Farwell Group in Horington, we're still quite influential in the medical industry. Many herb suppliers in Horington have received Queen Group's help when they were just starting out, so these companies would more or less consider a collaboration with your establishment as long as I raise the topic with them."
Roxanne's heart skipped a beat at that, but she still hesitantly uttered, "Isn't this a little too risky for Queen Group? Queen Group has always been on good terms with Farwell Group, and I've seen the good relationship your family has with the Farwells. If Mrs. Farwell finds out that you've been doing this..."
Roxanne was grateful for Jonathan to offer her a helping hand in the matter, but she had to put herself in his shoes as well.
If Sonya were to find out that Jonathan helped her out, and if their families' relationship turned tense because of that, Roxanne would not know how she could make it up to Jonathan.
However, Jonathan gave her a nonchalant smile. (Naturally, I've thought about that as well. Don't worry, Dr. Jarvis. The few herb suppliers I've contacted aren't small-scale businesses in Horington. Moreover, trust me when I say that Farwell Group won't learn about this. Even if they do, they might close their eyes to this."
With Lucian backing him up, even if Sonya did find out about something, it was unlikely that she would be able to do anything about it. However, Roxanne did not know that Lucian was involved. Thus, she was still ill at ease even after hearing Jonathan's response.
No one knew better than Roxanne the hostility Sonya had toward her.
VC1
She was already glad that Queen Group was continuing with their contract as she did not want to drag Queen Group into the mess. 
###Chapter 390
Jonathan could see that Roxanne was worried, and he could decipher what she was worried about, so he rephrased his words. "Queen Group won't have a falling out with Farwell Group because of something trivial as this, and I won't risk Queen Group either. Naturally, I've made all the preparations before coming here to talk about this with you."
The hesitance on Roxanne's face slowly faded away as she stared at his confident expression. However, she still could not stop herself from asking, "But why are you helping me out? Is it just because I cured Old Mr. Queen's illness?"
When Jonathan thought about his conversation with Lucian the night before, the thoughts he had whilst he looked into Roxanne's eyes changed.
However, Roxanne only felt strange as she stared back at him.
H//
Half a beat later, Jonathan slowly stated, "My grandpa had been bedbound for years, and it's all thanks to you, Dr. Jarvis, that he can recover to this point. Moreover, you've said before that my grandpa was already on the verge of death when you took over his case. Therefore, you're his savior. This is a great favor you've done to the Queen family, and my grandpa even thinks of you as one of the Queens. He has asked me to be extra considerate with you."
Roxanne was suddenly reminded of the way Alfred tried to match-make her and Jonathan.
Hence, upon hearing Jonathan's words, she began wondering if Alfred had yet to give up on that.
An apologetic look then crossed her face as she solemnly told Jonathan, "Please thank Old Mr. Queen for me. It's my duty as a doctor to treat and save patients. Also, it's not as if I've not received anything in return; the Queen family has paid for my service, so we don't owe each other anything. Old Mr. Queen has no need to keep this matter in mind anymore.
cen
ni
After a few seconds of silence, Roxanne continued in a grave voice, "Moreover, I already have two children. I've already given my clear rejection abput the thing Old Mr. Queen mentioned last time. I'm sure you don't agree to it either." -
Right as those words were out of her mouth, the expressions of the two other people in the room changed.
An exasperated look appeared on Jonathan's face. Is it that easy to misunderstand my words? Even Lucian misunderstood my words when I talked about this with him last night. Now, Roxanne's doing the
same.
In contrast, Colby's heart sunk, and his eyes widened.
He knew that Roxanne had gotten closer to Jonathan after Roxanne treated Jonathan's grandfather.
However, he had no idea that Alfred had borne such thoughts before.
Even though Roxanne had not voiced it out loudl Colby could guess that Alfred wanted to match make her with Jonathan.
It took Jonathan a while before he could dismiss the exasperation he felt. Amused, he then explained to Roxanne, "It has nothing to do with that. You've already rejected him, so how can my grandpa still insist on it? We just feel that the Queen family should have a friend like you after you saved my grandpa and after we learned about your personality."
Finally, Roxanne sighed in relief and smiled at him. "In that case, I'll have to go along with this, Mr. Queen. Regardless of whether the few herb suppliers you mentioned will work with us or not, I'm still grateful to the Queen family to lend us a helping hand. Please allow me to treat you to a meal another time."
Jonathan had an equally bright smile on his face. "Good to hear that. For that meal I'll be treated to, I'll definitely convince those herb suppliers. So, Dr. Jarvis, please wait for my good news!"
The two then chatted a little more about the herb suppliers before Jonathan rose to his feet to leave. 
###Chapter 391
Roxanne meant it when she said she would treat Jonathan to a meal.
That very night itself, she booked a room at a restaurant and sent him a message to inform him.
Jonathan agreed to meet her on the weekend. He then sent Lucian a message and asked if he would be joining them.
In any case, the meal was a gesture of appreciation from Roxanne. Since Lucian also lent a hand, it was only right that he attended the dinner.
On Lucian's end, he frowned and hesitated when he saw Jonathan's message.
If he made an appearance, Roxanne might make a run for it.
Just as he was pondering on it, Jonathan sent another message: Dr. Jarvis is giving me a treat to thank me. Although she isn't aware that you have helped, I don't see why you can't enjoy a treat from her too.
As Lucian read the message, his gaze darkened as he replied after a long while: Let's go together then.
Jonathan raised his brows when he saw the reply. He could not wait to see what might happen during the weekend.
Judging from the way Roxanne and Lucian behaved, they must have had some kind of conflict.
Furthermore, with Sonya getting in between them, their relationship must have been difficult of late.
He wondered what might happen when they actually met each other that weekend for dinner.
The night of the dinner came, and Roxanne arrived at the restaurant ten minutes earlier.
Just as she entered the private room, she saw two men sitting in there.
Jonathan was talking to Lucian. When they heard her enter, both men turned and looked in her direction.
Getting to his feet, Jonathan greeted with a smile, "Dr. Jarvis."
Roxanne nodded in acknowledgment. However, she started panicking when she saw the man situing next to Jonathan.
CXI
In that instant, all she wanted was to leave.
Then again, it would make her look awkward.
Roxanne stood at the door and did not know what to do.
On the other end, Lucian was sitting in the private room with a deadpan expression. He stared at Roxanne like a beast targeting its prey.
In that instant, the atmosphere of the room became very tense.
Noticing something was amiss, Jonathan bumped Lucian on his arm discreetly before explaining to Roxanne with an innocent smile, "When I got here, Lucian has just finished his appointment, so I invited him along since all of us know one another. Dr. Jarvis, you don't mind, do you?"
Outwardly, he seemed to be seeking Roxanne's permission. However, in truth, Roxanne did not have a choice.
Since Lucian was already there, it would not be nice if she asked him to leave.
Furthermore, Jonathan had no idea about them. If she showed an aversion toward Lucian, Jonathan might start asking questions.
Roxanne had no wish for anyone to probe her about what had transpired between her and Lucian.
The two men did not know what was on her mind; they only saw her dimmed expression. Noticing that there was no response from her, the two men exchanged glances.
At that moment, Jonathan regretted his decision to bring Lucian along. He realized that it might have been too abrupt. I hope I don't cause more problems between the two of them...
With the same deadpan expression on his face, Lucian got up and said, "Since Dr. Jarvis is here, I won't disturb the two of you."
With that, he was about to leave.
It was only then that Roxanne returned to her senses and uttered, "Wait. You're a friend of Mr. Queen, Mr. Farwell, so you're always welcome. Please take a seat and join us for dinner." 
###Chapter 392
Ignoring their responses, Roxanne proceeded to sit down in front of Jonathan.
When Jonathan saw that Lucian was still standing there, he stated quickly, "Lucian, since Dr. Jarvis doesn't mind, join us. Recently, Dr. Jarvis' research institute has encountered some problems. You may be able to help her!"
Lucian merely frowned before sitting down.
Since Roxanne did not run away upon seeing him, he decided to stay on as well.
However, Roxanne acted as if Lucian was not there after inviting him to join them. When the dishes were served, she raised her glass and remarked, "Thank you for helping me out with the herb suppliers, Mr. Queen."
e most
Jonathan did not make a big deal out of it. Clinking glasses with her, he re welcome, Dr. Jarvis. I'm not the only one who has helped you with regard to this issue."
Upon hearing that, Roxanne frowned, as she did not understand what he meant.
Jonathan was about to say more when someone glared at him.
Sensing Lucian's stare, Jonathan acted as if nothing happened and changed to another topic. "If your research institute isn't that great, those herb suppliers won't be bothered with me. So, I think you have yourself to thank. Your abilities are outstanding."
Roxanne smiled when she heard that. "Have the herb suppliers come to a decision yet? If necessary, I can speak with them personally."
After all, they would be working with her research institute even though they were doing that as a favor to Jonathan.
She would be the best person to explain the situation at the research institute.
However, Jonathan shook his head. "There will be no need to. A few of them have already agreed to cooperate with your research institute. However, you will still need to discuss the business proposal with them in detail."
In other words, the deal had been sealed. All she needed to do now was to discuss the proposal with the herb suppliers.
Seemingly pleased, Roxanne let out a sigh of relief. The issue with the herb suppliers had been bothering her for a long iime. She could finally relax.
The moment she resolved the issue for the research institute, she could relocate overseas with Archie and Benny without any worries.
No one would ever give her any problems again.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne subconsciously turned to look at Lucian.
However, she met his unfathomable gaze, and it startled ber.
Lucian had yet to start eating. In fact, he had been listening to their conversation all the while.
Since they were talking about business, he wanted to see Roxanne's reaction.
He realized that she gradually relaxed as the discussion about the research institute went on.
That was when his eyes dimmed. Once again, Roxanne had been under immense pressure, and he was not aware of it.
When Roxanne turned io look at him, he failed to look away in time.
Their gazes met for a long time before Roxanne returned to her senses. Clenching her fists hard, she averted his gaze.
1
Her heart skipped a beat when she thought of the way Lucian looked at her.
The notion of her going abroad made her glance at Lucian,
But why was he looking at me?
When Roxanne retracted her gaze, Lucian did the same, albeit unhappily. 
###Chapter 393
Jonathan noticed the way they looked into each other's eyes and had the sense to say nothing.
Only after they retracted their gazes did he smile and say to Roxanne, "Those herb suppliers that I have contacted only have branch offices in Horington, but they should be able to provide a consistent flow of supply to your research institute. Is that all right with you, Dr. Jarvis?"
Pulling herself out of her reverie, Roxanne put on an appropriate smile. "Since they are introduced by you, I am confident of their capabilities. Furthermore, a small research institute like ours won't be requiring lots of herbs. The branch offices should be able to satisfy our demands."
Raising his brows, Jonathan uttered, "It may be small now, but with you around, who knows what may happen in the future?"
anne
Roxanne smiled and did not respond. Instead, she asked, "What is the plan for the business proposal with those herb suppliers?"
Right now, all she wanted was to resolve the issue before Sonya could react.
Once she settled the supply issue and left the country, she would have nothing to do with the research institute. That way, Sonya would not make things difficult for them again.
Jonathan answered her query, "Their main offices are in Summerbank. It's best that you go there in person whenever you're available, Dr. Jarvis."
Hearing him, Roxanne agreed in a heartbeat, "I can go there anytime. Once they confirm the time, please inform me."
Jonathan nodded.
Once the discussion regarding business was over things were a bit awkward in the private room.
Jonathan began to panic when he looked at the two of them.
Although Roxanne did not chase Lucian away, the both of them had not spoken a single word to one another.
In the end, Jonathan decided to help them.
"Lucian, how has Essie been for the past two days?" asked Jonathan innocently as he took a mouthful of food.
Both Lucian and Roxanne's expressions changed when they heard that.
Not expecting Jonathan to mention Estella out of the blue, Lucian instinctively glanced at Roxanne, only to see she was busy eating. Furrowing his brows, he replied unhappily, "She's fine, but her mood has been unstable. James has been coming to see her quite frequently."
Ever since Estella knew that Roxanne planned to relocate to another country, it had been bothering her. Even though Estella was trying her best to get well, her mood swings were still
evident.
Estella had become like that because of Roxanne Yet, the latter did not seem to care about her condition.
At that thought, the temperature around Lucian dropped gradually.
The moment Roxanne heard Jonathan mention Estella, she tried her best to keep calm and not ask about the girl's condition.
Upon hearing Lucian's reply, she felt even guiltier.
Roxanne was aware she was the cause of Estella's mood swings, but she still said those harsh words to the latter.
Essie must hate me very much now...
Once again, Jonathan spoke. "What exactly happened? Essie's condition has been stable for quite a while now. In fact, I thought she was getting better. Before we can celebrate the good news, her condition worsens again. At this rate, how is Essie ever going to make a full recovery?"
As he was saying that, Jonathan cast a glance at Roxanne, who was sitting in front of him. 
###Chapter 394
All the mention of Estella's condition, Roxanne heart clenchied. Yet, she couldn't show it in front of Lucian,
Just when she was determined to leipni indifference, Jonathan aborty tumical the subject to her "I remember Essic like you lou back when you came to rent my grandfather, Dr. Jarvis I wonder if her condition will improve it she spends more time with you."
Alier saying that he nonchalantly added, "I was the first time I have ever seen her showing such Giver for someone else that I was shocked them." Roxanne's hand lightened around the fork in de hand. She didn't know how to tell him that she was the reason for listella's gravanced condition At the side, Lucian agreed with Jonathan and stable at her with lyrim look in his eyes,
In the past, shed relent as long as I brought up Essieu torchee But this time, it's painfully clear that she has already handened her heart to it all.
Silence reigned at the dining table, and Roxanne could distinctly scuse the women's gazes on her. It was as though they were both forcing her to respond
Verily, she had no idea how the meal turned into such a crise allir
A long while later, she forcclully composed herself. Then, she liliced her cycs calmly and said to Jonathan, "I'm also very worried about Essie's condition, but I don't think i have that much influence over her. In terms of keeping her company, I led that Ms. Pearson is far more suited to do so. After all, they're going to be mother and hughter in the future."
As her words rang out. Jonathan was inexorably stunned,
He instinctively wanted to refute that, for she was Estella's biological mother despite Aubree wanting to be Estella's stepmother,
However, hic then abruptly realized that she had no inkling about it
Authat thought, words cluded him, and he didn't quite know how to reply to her. He glanced at the man beside him in embarrassment,
The instant Lucian heard Roxanne's response, hik gaze darkeneala shade, and his lips curved into a siirk. "Ms. Jarvis is right. Essic has nothing to do with her, so wlay should she help to take care of Essie?" Roxanne's expression stillened for a heartbeat when she heard that, but she ultimately didn't contradict him.
At her tacit agreement, fury blazed in Lucian's eyes
Noticing the tense atmosphere between the two of them. Jonathan felt a touch guilty and regretted having broached that subject.
I initially thought that Roxanne would relent slightly upon hearing about Essie's condition and decide to visit her since she's the latter's birth mother. Alas, I forgot that she's in the dark about the truth. Besides, she was the one who personally told her that she was going abroad. Therefore, she likely knows full well that she's the reason Essie is emotionally unstable. But really, I never thought that she'd be so cruel to that little girl.
Following that line of thought, a scrutinizing look entered his gaze as he studied Roxanne.
I wonder if she'd regret her remark today if she were to learn the truth in the future.
Regardless of his wandering mind, he still remembered to clean up the mess in his wake. He casually cleared his throat. "It was just an offhand suggestion. I forgot that you've still got to deal with the matters concerning the research institute, so you probably haven't the time anyway, Dr. Jarvis."
Roxanne remained silent.
Chuckling sheepishly, Jonathan raised his glass to her. "Let's not talk about this anymore. Here's to a smooth collaboration with the medicinal herb suppliers, Dr. Jarvis! I'll contact you right after they've confirmed the time."
At that, Roxanne forced a smile. "Thank you for acting as the middleman, Mr. Queen." 
###Chapter 395
Jonathan expended a great deal of effort before he managed to smooth things over. He then kept on engaging Roxanne in conversation about the present pharmaceutical industry in Horington. Roxanne patiently chatted with him.
Meanwhile, Lucian didn't utter a single word further, merely downing his wine silently,
When Jonathan glimpsed more than half the bottle of wine gone, he hastily concluded the meal. "It's late now, so let's call it a day. I'll urge the medicinal herb suppliers to finalize the time as soon as possible." Roxanne didn't want to stay any longer, so she agreed unequivocally.
The three of them went downstairs side by side. Roxanne was going to foot the bill, but Jonathan stopped her from doing so.
"I was merely joking back then. How could I possibly have you treat me to a meal? If my grandfather were to learn about it, he'd skin me alive!"
While saying that, he quickly went over to settle the bill. Subsequently, he quirked a brow smugly after walking back to Lucian.
Lucian frowned without saying anything.
Seeing that Jonathan had brought Alfred up, and the pittance was indeed a drop in the bucket to him, Roxanne didn't insist.
By the time they left the restaurant, it was already close to nine o'clock.
Although they were all acquaintances, Roxanne had drunk quite a bit at the dinner table and was slightly buzzed. As the night breeze blew past, it sobered her up considerably.
Jonathan's voice rang out beside her. "How are you going home, Dr. Jarvis? Would you like to hitch a ride with me?"
In truth, Roxanne drove there. But since she had imbibed, she naturally couldn't drive home.
Hearing that, Roxanne lifted her eyes and scanned the traffic. "Thank you for the offer, Mr. Queen. But it's okay since my place is out of your way back to the Queen residence. I'll hail a taxi myself." After she had said that, she headed toward the side of the road.
Jonathan cast a look at the man beside him.
With a frown marring his countenance, Lucian stared at her fragile back in the night with a dark gaze.
"It happens to be rush hour now, so it'd take eons for you to get a taxi. I'll give you a ride. Anyway, we'll be traveling by car, not on foot," Jonathan hurriedly called out to Roxanne.
Roxanne halted in her steps. It's rather inappropriate for me to turn down such a trivial offer repeatedly when he has just done me such a huge favor:
Clocking her hesitance, Jonathan added, "Don't stand on ceremony with me. My grandfather specifically urged me to take good care of you when he knew that I'd be having dinner with you."
Unable to decline further, Roxanne turned around and walked back to the man. She flashed him a polite smile. "My apologies for troubling you, then."
Jonathan fervently waved his hands in dismissal. "Not at all! It'd only be troublesome if you'd adamantly refused to allow me to give you a ride." As he said that, he glanced at Lucian beside him meaningfully.
However, Roxanne didn't catch the implicit meaning of his words. She thought he was referring to Alfred, so she merely chuckled without replying to that. And so, the three of them walked to the parking lot side by side.
Only when they arrived at the parking lot did Roxanne notice that Lucian had been following them all the way. She promptly found it a tad strange. When they reached Jonathan's car, she noticed Lucian's car parked right next to it. At once, a conjecture popped into her mind.
Earlier, Jonathan's so-called accidental encounter was actually just an excuse. In reality, they came together!
erCUS
That suspicion flashed across her mind.
But on second thought, he didn't have to tell such a lie. After all, he has no idea about my relationship with Lucian, so such a ploy would be superfluous.. Putting it at the back of her mind, she got into the car with Jonathan.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 396
"Mr. Farwell?"
When Cayden saw his employer walking over with Roxanne, he subconsciously presumed that the latter would be getting into their car. Unexpectedly, he saw her getting into the car with Jonathan while Lucian stood outside.
After a moment, he decided to call out to the man cautiously.
His brows furrowing slightly, Lucian bent down and climbed into the car.
Cayden slowly started the car and drove out of the parking lot.
Meanwhile, in the adjacent car, Jonathan asked Roxanne for her address and ordered the driver to drop her home first.
In response, the driver murmured an acknowledgment.
He moved to start the car, but it simply wouldn't start.
It still didn't work after multiple tries. "The car seems to have broken down, Mr. Queen," the driver reported helplessly.
Upon hearing that, Jonathan imperceptibly swept his gaze over Roxanne beside him. He wore a grim expression. "It was just fine when we came over. Why did it suddenly break down?"
A conflicted expression manifested on the driver's face. "Uh... I haven't been driving this car much. I didn't take it for maintenance either, so I don't know what happened. How about you wait here for a while, and I'll go back and retrieve another car before coming back to pick you up?"
Following that, Jonathan turned to Roxanne to seek her opinion.
Roxanne similarly didn't expect such an incident. When she heard that the driver had to go to such trouble, she wavered for a while before suggesting, "My car is nearby. We can take my car."
I've got to return to retrieve my car tomorrow, so it makes no difference if I go to the Queen residence instead.
As soon as Jonathan heard that, his expression froze. Unbidden, a headache assailed him,
Gah! I actually forgot that she drove here. If we were to take her car, the arrangements tonight would go to waste!
In the front, the driver wore a troubled expression on his face. He eyed Jonathan, waiting for the latter's instructions.
Frowning, Jonathan countered solemnly, "There's no need to go to such trouble, Lucian is definitely still nearby, so we'll just ask him for a ride."
At his proposal, Roxanne's brows knitted together. At the same time, disapproval stained her
features. She was going to demur, but the man had already made the call.
In no time, the person on the other end of the phone answered the call.
Thus, she had no choice but to swallow the demurral on the tip of her tongue.
"What's the matter?" Lucian's alluring voice echoed in the car.
"Where are you now, Lucian? My car has seemingly broken down. Do you mind giving us a ride if you're still nearby?" Jonathan queried.
On the other end of the phone, Cayden tactfully slowed the car without waiting for Lucian's orders. He lifted his eyes and peered at the latter's expression.
Lucian inclined his head a fraction.
Immediately discerning his meaning, Cayden turned back around and drove toward the parking lot.
"Come out. I'll meet you at the entrance of the parking lot," Lucian replied in a deep voice.
Jonathan agreed with a grin.
After hanging up the phone, he turned to Roxanne nonchalantly and exclaimed smilingly, "Let's go! Lucian is at the entrance of the parking lot. He'll drive past your place on his way home anyway."
WILL EH
we
At long last, Roxanne had the opportunity to turn him down. "I'll just take a taxi home instead of troubling Mr. Farwell."
Having said that, she swung open the car door and alighted from the car..
Taken aback, Jonathan swiftly got out of the car and chased after her. Trailing behind her, he riposted, "It won't be any trouble at all since he's going the same way. Besides, I'll worry if you take a taxi alone at this hour,"
Roxanne's brows creased. Just when she was about to decline again, the man abruptly remarked meaningfully, "By the way, the atmosphere between you and Lucian seemed off at the dinner table earlier. I remember that everything was fine when I last saw you with him. Are you both keeping some secret from me? Did he do something to you?"
At that question, Roxanne regarded him suspiciously.
However, Jonathan remained calm and unruffled. 
###Chapter 397
Naturally, Roxanne wouldn't tell Jonathan about the matter between her and Lucian.
Apart from that, however, she indeed had no reason to refuse a ride from Lucian.
After mulling it over, she relented in the end. She slowed her pace and walked side by side with the man.
When they reached the entrance of the parking lot, they promptly spotted Lucian a near distance away.
The man was wearing a black trench coat, standing next to his car with his back ramrod straight and his eyes fixated in their direction. The instant his eyes alighted on the woman beside Jonathan, his gaze seemingly darkened imperceptibly.
"Why didn't you wait in the car? It's so chilly," Jonathan commented casually.
Lucian merely ordered, "Get in the car."
Having said that, he swept his gaze over Roxanne before bending slightly and climbing into the car.
Roxanne had made up her mind to hitch a ride with him. But for some inexplicable reason, a sense of apprehension slithered into her when she laid eyes on the man.
Hence, she stood by the car, incapable of moving.
Clocking her hesitation, Jonathan urged, "Quick, get into the car, Dr. Jarvis.".
Roxanne snapped back to her senses. Hoping to keep him from noticing any oddity, she nodded impassively and headed toward the passenger seat.
Since she had no choice but to sit in the same car with Lucian, she wanted to minimize her contact with him as much as possible.
Unfortunately, Jonathan had already opened the passenger door when she made to head over and declared, "It'll be too cramped with two men sitting in the back. Make do with Lucian, Dr. Jarvis." Right after saying that, he bent down and slid into the passenger seat.
In a flash, Roxanne was the only one lest standing outside the car. She stared at the back seat, caught between a rock and a difficult place.
She wasn't sure whether she was overthinking things, but everything that happened that night seemed too much of a coincidence. Jonathan was behaving very strangely as well.
It was as though he had planned everything.
If she hadn't known that the man had no idea about her relationship with Lucian, she was almost positive that it was all his scheme. After standing outside for several seconds, Roxanne bit the bullet and circled over. Swinging open the car door, she got into the car. When she had settled in, she reflexively glanced at the man beside her.
Lucian seemed to have imbibed a little too much. He appeared rather indolent as he reclined against the seat with a hand propped against his temple languidly. His eyes were closed lightly, and he didn't react to her getting into the car.
Seeing that, Roxanne surreptitiously breathed a sigh of relief. She did her best to stick as close to the car window as possible to keep her distance from him.
The car then started moving slowly.
Roxanne furtively rejoiced that she would be alighting from the car before Jonathan so things wouldn't be overly awkward.
Unexpectedly, Jonathan exclaimed out of the blue when the car passed an intersection, "I suddenly remember that I've got something to do nearby! Just drop me off here."
When Roxanne heard that, her heart instantly clenched.
It's still a distance away from my place, so I'd have no choice but to face Lucian if he were to get out of the car here...
At that thought, the urge to do the same seized her.
Regretfully, that would appear too deliberate.
While she was still hesitating, Jonathan had already opened the car door and climbed out of the car. He even prompted Lucian, "I'm entrusting Dr. Jarvis to you. Make sure to drive her home safely." Lucian nodded non-committally.
Then, Jonathan said to Roxanne with a smile, "Remember to text me when you arrive home so that I can put my grandfather's mind at ease, Dr. Jarvis."
Roxanne murmured her acquiescence stiffly.
When the car door had closed, the car continued driving slowly. 
###Chapter 398
Dead silence reigned in the car. One could sense that the atmosphere was entirely different from when Jonathan was present earlier, giving off a sense of an impending storm. Roxanne was sitting straight, her gaze trained right ahead. She tried her best to ignore the man beside her.
She wasn't sure whether she was imagining things, but his piercing gaze seemingly locked on her since Jonathan alighted from the car. It had her tensing up subconsciously. All of a sudden, Lucian's voice rang out beside her.
"Have I offended you in any way, Ms. Jarvis?"
Relief suffused Roxanne when she heard his voice. She flashed him a detached smile. "Why would you say that, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian eyed her with a dark look, his voice threaded with displeasure. "If that's not the case, why are you avoiding me thus, Ms. Jarvis?".
Frowning slightly, Roxanne feigned ignorance. "When have I avoided you, Mr. Farwell? Precisely speaking, I don't have much of a chance to meet you since our work doesn't intersect."
In other words, they didn't have a personal relationship besides a professional association.
lesSlona In fact, they even had no interaction at work.
They had no opportunity to meet anyway, so avoiding him made no sense.
The moment her words rang out, the temperature in the car plummeted.
While driving, Cayden cautiously stole a peek at the two people at the back through the rearview mirror. Inwardly, he worried on Roxanne's behalf.
Why is Ms. Jarvis provoking Mr. Farwell when she knows full well that he's in a bad mood now?
As he was fretting, he noticed Lucian lowering the partition in the back seat.
He silently retracted his gaze, not daring to observe the situation in the back anymore.
When Roxanne saw Lucian lowering the partition without warning, her heart lurched. She instinctively twisted sideways and plastered her back against the car window to put some distance between them. Glimpsing that, Lucian narrowed his eyes in chagrin and questioned icily, "Roxanne Jarvis, why are you shying away from me in such a manner How when you said I hadn't offended you in any way? Are you afraid that I'd bite?"
A frown marred Roxanne's countenance, and fainht wariness showed in her eyes. In a distant tone, she explained, "I merely feel that we're not that close with each other, and your action was rather: sudden to me, Mr. Farwell."
At the sight of her wary expression, Lucian smirked scornfully. "What do you think I'm planning to do?"
Roxanne said nothing, but their kiss at the hotel when they first bumped into each other after her return to the country flashed across her mind.
That was the only time he took the initiative with me since we got acquainted. Alas, it was when I no longer needed it.
The current situation was inexplicably similar to the circumstances back then.
Lucian stared at her with a dark look, a storm brewing in his eyes.
Ever since we parted ways at the café back then, she had been avoiding me. That aside, she even had her housekeeper send Archie and Benny to the kindergarten and pick them up. It's only today that I've got a chance to see her again, thanks to Jonathan making up an excuse. But she has been distancing herself from me the entire night, unwilling to even utter a single word to me!
He initially thought he could understand her thoughts, but he merely felt livid after seeing her for real and experiencing her treatment of him.
His plan had been to vent by drinking, but the alcohol coursing through his veins was only fanning the flames within him.
Roxanne could distinctly sense the oppressiveness in the car intensifying. Her hands by her side unconsciously balled into fists, her nails digging into her palms as she forcefully suppressed the panic within her.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 399
"Please stop acting in such a manner, Mr. Farwell. We're merely strangers, so this is bothering me."
Feigning calmness, Roxanne scowled at the man before her.
The instant her words rang out, an indecipherable smile bloomed on Lucian's face.
In the next second, his cold voice echoed in the car.
"Strangers? Ah, it turns out that you have no qualms treating a stranger to a meal and getting into a stranger's car, Ms. Jarvis. But since that's what you think, Ms. Jarvis, I don't mind getting familiar with you." Roxanne wanted to decline, but when she lifted her eyes, she saw that the man was already mere centimeters away from her.
In the cramped space, Lucian's broad figure carried such an immense sense of oppression that she had difficulty breathing.
"What are you doing?" Roxanne regarded the man in front of her warily.
Lucian smirked unhurriedly. "I just want to introduce myself to you, Ms. Jarvis.".
At that, Roxanne rebuffed frostily, "I don't want to listen to it! Nor do I think there's any need for us to be familiar with each other!"
However, Lucian allowed her no room to decline. Ignoring her, he started, "My name is Lucian Farwell, and I'm presently the CEO of Farwell Group. I was once married six years ago."
12
WW
Hearing that, Roxanne seemingly suffered a blow and dipped her eyes in panic.
Alas, Lucian grasped her chin firmly and forced her head up.
Staring right into her eyes, he continued, "Coincidentally, my ex-wife shares your name. Her name is also Roxanne Jarvis. However, she ran off without a word, leaving a divorce agreement behind. I searched for her for six whole years. I suppose you know her whereabouts, Ms. Jarvis?"
Lucian's grasp tightened all the more.
Such pain racked Roxanne from his grip that she almost suspected her chin would shatter soon. The man's voice started growing muffled.
When she heard his last two utterances, her pupils constricted. She couldn't quite believe her ears either.
He'd searched for me for six years? But why? Why would he look for me? Hadn't he been hoping to marry Aubree? Thus, didn't my departure suit him just right? But then, his marriage to her has stagnated at an engagement in these whole sir years. Why is that se?
As she was at a loss, Lucian sensed her distraction. His grasp on her increased in strength once
more.
In pain, Roxanne automatically grunted.
Unfortunately, Lucian turned a deaf ear to it. Instead, he resumed speaking. "I also have a daughter, whose name is Estella Farwell. She has been suffering from severe autism since young. There's this woman she likes a lot, who's also known as Roxanne Jarvis. These days, she even had a recurrence because of that woman. Don't you think that we're very much connected by destiny, Ms. Jarvis?"
At the mention of Estella, Roxanne fell into a trance.
He knows all of my sore spots and is rubbing salt on them with every single word out of his mouth, from our marriage in name six years ago to Essie, who's having a recurrence now because of me. A wave of guilt flooded her at the thought of Estella. Her gaze gradually softened as well.
Noticing that she was spacing out again, Lucian increased his force in disgruntlement.
Roxanne jolted back to reality in a flash. Gritting her teeth, she lifted her hand and grabbed his wrist, struggling wildly. "Let go of me, Lucian! Have you lost your mind?" The corners of Lucian's mouth turned up in a smirk. "It looks like my self-introduction was pretty good that you've committed my name to memory so quickly, Ms. Jarvis."
Roxanne was wholly baffled to hear that. When she glimpsed the dark look on the man's face, fear surged within her. She felt as though he would devour her in the next heartbeat. 
###Chapter 400
Roxanne made every effort to calm herself down. She met Lucian's gaze calmly and stated gently, "With you acting in such a manner now, Lucian, I'll only find you even more of a stranger."
As far as she remembered, he had always been calm and unruffled. In fact, he was rather apathetic.
At least, that was his personality six years ago.
At present, he had become unfathomable to her.
Perhaps that comment of hers worked, for she sensed the grip on her chin seemingly relaxing gradually.
She held her breath.
A while later, Lucian withdrew his hand and sat back in his seat. He gazed at her with a complex look in his eyes. "What exactly do you want?”.
That question rang out before Roxanne could breathe a sigh of relief. At once, bewilderment swamped her.
It should be me asking him that. I've already made my stance clear as day. What exactly does he want?
"Never mind that you're avoiding me, but you're not even yisiting Essie anymore. Are you really this callous, Roxanne?" Lucian pinned a sharp look on her.
Roxanne's heart sank slightly. Closing her eyes for a moment, she suppressed the strange feeling within her and drawled indifferently, "Let's not talk about this anymore when it's meaningless anyway. Since my presence in the car is upsetting you so greatly, Mr. Farwell, I think I should just get out of the car."
After saying that, she lifted her hand to tap on the partition and signal Cayden to pull over.
No sooner had she stretched out her hand than the man grabbed her wrist forcefully.
Roxanne struggled to break free from his hold. "If you really want to talk, Mr. Farwell, we can set a time and talk someplace else. I'm very uncomfortable in this space right now!"
In that cramped space, she couldn't shake off the feeling that she was powerless to resist, no matter what Lucian did to her.
Following that thought, terror crept into her eyes as she stared at the man,
Sensing her fear, Lucian narrowed his eyes a fraction. He slowly released his grip on her wrist and questioned through gritted teeth, "You're afraid of me? What's to fear about me? What have I done to hurt you?"
He initially felt that it was already infuriating that she was distancing herself from him.
However, her terror of him then hit him like a bucket of cold water. A bone-piercing chill spread
from the depths of his heart.
Never had he wanted her to fear him.
Conversely, Roxanne's expression gradually turned chilly from his repeated harassment. "Don't you find yourself ridiculous, Mr. Farwell? Hasn't it been your wish to marry Ms. Pearson? Now that the two of you are getting married, you should somewhat take her feelings into consideration and keep your distance from other women, especially me, since I'm your ex-wife." Lucian's brows scrunched together slightly. Verily, he didn't expect her to mention their relationship six years ago.
Meanwhile, Roxanne merely felt that it was better for her to put things in the open when things had gotten to that point. I'm going abroad sooner or later anyway and won't have much contact with him anymore. "If Ms. Pearson were to learn that you're being so familiar with me, Mr. Farwell, I'm afraid that there'd be some unnecessary misunderstanding. I hope you won't put me in a difficult position anymore." "You think I'm putting you in a difficult position:" Lucian countered coldly.
At that, Roxanne's lips curved into a self-deprecating smirk. "Otherwise, you can also interpret it as my reluctance to repeat my mistakes six years ago. No one wants to fall into the same trap twice."
ES
CE
LE
In other words, she was telling the man that she wouldn't accept him even if he really had feelings for her.
LE
CH
SET
The incident six years ago had already hurt her deeply, and she didn't want history repeating itself.
As Lucian recalled her conversation with his mother at the café that day, his heart abruptly sank.
F 
###Chapter 401
"I reckon Mr. Oucen bas told you about the incident that befoll my research institute this time. and I'm sure you know the culprit behind it, Mr. Farwell," Roxanne stated.
Blunuy, she continued, "Despite having avoided you such, Mrs. Farwell still misunderstood things. As you can see, all she needed to do was to say a few words. Consequently, not only had my small rescarch institute been plunged into turmoil, but it might not even be able to survive in Horington. I only came back this time because of the research institute, so I don't want any other trouble nor can I afford to be embroiled in any. Therefore, please be considerate of my predicament, Mr. Farwell."
Her words were like a dagger, stabbing Lucian right in the heart.
In truth, that was also the reason he allowed her to avoid him recently.
He didn't want to see her getting into unnecessary trouble because of him.
When he was being personally reminded of that fact, however, a peculiar feeling rose within him.
He was both anguished about her predicament and regretful that he ultimately wasn't firm enough with his mother, failing to protect her.
Roxanne didn't want to continue further, nor had she the strength to do so. She merely stated, "Please have Mr. Lawson pull over, Mr. Farwell. We're now close enough to my house that I can take a taxi home.
Lucian was silent for a long moment. In the end, he raised the partition and ordered Cayden to pull over in a tense voice.
Cayden found it strange, but he also knew there must have been some conflict between his boss and Roxanne. Surprisingly, it was Lucian who relented.
Al the man's orders, he pulled over at the nearest intersection.
After thanking the man detachedly, Roxanne opened the car door and alighted from the car.
"Are we leaving, Mr. Farwell?" Cayden inquired cautiously upon seeing that the woman had gone a distance away.
Lucian said nothing, his gaze fixated on Roxanne at the side of the road in the distance,
Indeed, it was ditficult to hail a taxi at that hour. Roxanne waited a long time by the roadside before she managed to get a laxi. Opening the car door, she climbed into the taxi.
When Cayden received no response from Lucian after a while, he naturally knew why the man was waiting
Seeing that Roxanne had gotten into the taxi, he asked once more, "Where are we going, Mr. Farwell?"
"Follow the taxi," Lucian instructed tersely.
Although Roxanne's every word angered him, he couldn't help worrying over her.
wintimit
Murmuring in acknowledgment, Cayden started the car and followed behind the taxi at a moderate distance.
lance.
He trailed it all the way to Roxanne's mansion and watched as the latter alighted from the taxi and entered the mansion before turning around and merging into the traffic, driving toward the Farwell residence. By the time Roxanne arrived home, it was already close to ten o'clock. Due to her stalemate with Lucian earlier, weariness was written all over her face.
Archie and Benny had been waiting for her downstairs. When they caught sight of her stepping into the house, they immediately trotted over in concern. "Mommy! You look exceedingly tired! Is the problem with the research institute very tricky?"
Forcing a smile, Roxanne patted their heads in reassurance. "I'm fine. I'm just a touch sleepy."
Benny took the jacket she removed. Just when he was going to hang it up, he found the smell clinging to it somewhat familiar.
This seems to be... Daddy's smell!
He instinctively scrutinized Roxanne.
Exhausted physically and mentally, Roxanne didn't notice his abnormality. She apologized 10 them in a gentle voice, murmuring, "Sorry I came home so late. It's late now, so I'll take you both upstairs to rest." Failing to perceive anything amiss about her, Benny frowned in puzzlement.
Considering the smell, Mommy must have met up with Dadily.
He glanced at her weary face again, ulumately swallowing the question on the tip of his tongue.
Judging from her look, it must have been unpleasant, even if that's the case. Hence, asking her about it will only upset her.
After hanging up the jacket, he obediently followed Roxanne upstairs to rest. 
###Chapter 402
It was already late in the night when Lucian returned to the Farwell residence
Estella had already failen asleep a long while ago.
Lucian's heart ached when he was reminded of how Roxanne had completely avoided mentioning Estella just now. He went upstairs to Estella's room.
The liule girl had a serene sleeping posture. She lay on her side with half her face covered with blanket, seemingly sound asleep.
Lucian's gaze softened at the sight of his daughter. He lifted his arm and patted her head. Then, he tucked her in before getting up and left.
Just when he reached the door, he suddenly heard a sound behind him as if Estella was sobbing.
He stopped abruptly in his tracks, turned on his heels, and returned to her bedside. Lucian gently pulled away the blanket covering Estella's face and saw her brows furrowed, eyes shut, and beads of tears staining her long eyelashes.
He wondered what kind of nightmare she was experiencing
Lucian felt sorrowful when he saw her daughter in that state. He raised his hand, wanting to wipe the tears off Estella's face.
However, at that moment, she muttered in her sleep, "Ms. Jarvis... Don't go, Ms. Jarvis..."
Lucian frowned upon hearing that.
In the past few days, he left right after coaxing Estella to sleep. Even when he checked in on her in the middle of the night, he merely glanced if Estella had kicked her blanket away before turning to leave. How many times has Essie erperienced similar dreams without my knowledge? Essie misses Roxanne so much. Yet, Roxanne was so merciless. She was completely unfazed even when she heard of Essie's condition,
Al that thought, Lucian felt the temperature around him dropped.
Estella seemed to be frightened by him in her sleep because she suddenly started bawling
He snapped back to his senses, carefully carried Estella, who was still wrapped in the blanket, and
clumsily palled her back.
"It's all righi, Essie Daddy is here."
However, Estella conunued to cry her eyes out. "No. Don't go. Boohoo..."
Lucian's frown deepened as he listened to Estella's wails.
How could I not hear her if this is how loudly she cries?
Just when he was blaming himself for his lack of attentiveness, Estella woke up. She groggily hugged his neck, staining Lucian's clothes with her tears.
Lucian did not mind. He asked with concern, "Don't cry, Essie. Daddy is here. Tell me. What did you dream about?"
Estella had yet to recollect herself as she whimpered Roxanne, Archie, and Benny's names.
Needless to say, she had dreamt of the scene when Roxanne, Archie, and Benny left.
Lucian could not bring himself to probe Estella further. He tightened his arms around her in an embrace.
After a long while, she was finally wide awake. She pushed herself away from him by supporting her tiny arms on Lucian's shoulder.
He freed one of his arms to wipe the tears off her face. "Did you dream of Ms. Jarvis?"
She nodded in grievances.
Estella had a dream about Roxanne, Archie, and Benny boarding a plane. She called them, but they ignored her, so she had no choice but to chase after their plane. However, Estella failed to catch up with them and even tripped over.
When she was reminded of the scenes in her dreams, Estella's eyes reddened again.
"Be good. Ms. Jarvis has yet to leave. I just met with her just now." Lucian tried his best to suppress his dissatisfaction toward Roxanne and tenderly comforted his daughter.
Estella leaned closer to him doubtfully and took a snilf with her nose wrinkled. Her face gradually slackened when she caught a whilf of Roxanne's body odor on Lucian.
Lucian asked again in concern, "Do you have this kind of dream every night, Essie?"
She pursed her lips and shook her head. 
###Chapter 403
Lucian knitted his brows in confusion at that sight.
Essie did not meet with Roxanne recently, nor did she dream about her previously. Why is she having this dream now and crying so badly today?
"Archie and Benny told me Ms. Jarvis will take them overseas once she is done with her work at the research insutute."
Estella was crestfallen when she recalled her conversation with Archie and Benny at the kindergarten yesterday.
She thought Roxanne was merely lying to her previously, and Archie and Benny also told her they would not be leaving However, the two kids informed Estella that they would not stay much longer in the country...
Moreover, since Roxanne told Estella she would be going abroad, Estella had not seen the latter.
With that thought in mind, Estella could not contain her urge to shed tears again.
Hearing his daughter's words, Lucian's face gradually darkened.
According to Archie and Benny, Roxanne would have been abroad now if it weren't for this incident!
Estella tugged at the hem of her father's shirt and uttered in a childish voice, "Daddy, I am reluctant to see Ms. Jarvis go."
Lucian pulled himself back to reality and held her daughter's uiny hands. He consoled her, "I know. I'll have a good talk with Ms. Jarvis." Estella nodded. Her eyes glazed over as she let out a yawn.
Lucian placed Estella on the bed and tucked her in, "Go to sleep. I'll stay here and keep you company."
Her head lolled to the side, and she dozed off after lying on the bed for a short while.
Complicated emouons churned within Lucian as he took in his daughter's calm sleeping face while pondering on her words earlier,
After Estella was sound asleep, Lucian tiploed out of the room and retumed to his bedroom.
When he was done washing up and was ready to sleep, it was already past midnight.
Early the next moming, Lucian suffered from an intense headache.
Cayden was already waiting for him at the entrance of Lucian's othce when the latter arrived.
Cayden hurried forward at the sight of his boss. "Mr. Farwell."
Lucian nodded and replied in a hoarse voice, "What's the matter?"
Cayden took out a document and dipped to a page before showing it to Lucian. "There are some minor problems with our project at Summerbank. The people at Summerbank are requesting a person-in- charge from our side to make a trip there in person. However, Mr. Langdon has been handling another project recently, so he's currently unable to leave his post. What do you think."
Lucian received the document and took a glance.
The issue with the project was not something serious. Assigning a project manager to Summerbank would have been sufficient.
However, Lucian had a different idea when he nouced the meeting place arranged by the other party. He said to Cayden, "I'll get back to you in a short while."
Cayden replied affirmatively.
Upon entering his office, Lucian took out his phone and contacted Jonathan.
Meanwhile, Jonathan had just confirmed the meeting time with medicinal herb suppliers at Summerbank and was about to ring Roxanne Lucian called him all of a sudden. Jonathan answered the call instantly.
"That matter you mentioned yesterday about deciding a time to meet with the medicinal herb suppliers from Summerbank, have you finalized the details? If you haven't-" Lucian uttered solemnly. Jonathan interjected Lucian cheerfully amidst the latter's speech, "You are more impatient than Dr. Jarvis. Even she has not urged me regarding this matter."
Lucian grunted in response.
"I just finalized the time and was about to call Dr. Jarvis," Jonathan said.
Lucian probed further after hearing that. "When is the date?"
Jonathan cast a look at the calendar. "Two days later, Why?"
Lucian nodded. "I got it."
Then, he hung up the call without offering Jonathan any explanation. After that, Lucian summoned Cayden to his office. "Book me a flight to Summerbank tomorrow. I'm making a trip there personally." Cayden gazed at his boss as he was confused.
He merely consulted Lucian for his opinion on that matter earlier because Lucian had to make the decision.
Cayden was well aware that judging by the severity of the issue that arose at the Summerbank project, Lucian did not need to go there personally.
Nonetheless, since Lucian had given the order, Cayden did not dare to question him and swiftly
agreed to proceed to make the subsequent arrangements. 
###Chapter 404
After hanging up the phone. Jonathan rang Roxanne right away.
Roxanne picked up the phone very quickly and asked, "Mr. Queen, did the medicinal herb suppliers set up a ume to meet already?"
Jonathan smiled and answered, "Yes. They're hoping to meet up and discuss the details in two days' time. However, it depends on whether you'll be free by then."
The biggest issue the research institute had was the supply of medicinal herbs. Naturally, Roxanne prioritized the meeting and agreed to meet them without any hesitation. "Ill be free. Please let them know I'll show up on time."
"You don't have to prepare anything. Once you've arrived, there'll be someone there to fetch you," Jonathan answered.
In response, Roxanne said, "Thank you, Mr. Queen. Thank you for your help."
Jonathan smiled and replied, "No worries. You've done a lot in curing my grandpa back then."
After all, considering the relationship between Roxanne and Lucian, he felt as though it was his duty to help out.
At the same time, Jonathan tried to help Lucian by mentioning him in the conversation. "Besides, Lucian had already called me and asked me to hurry up. Hence, it's only right for me to put more effort into this!"
Hearing that, Roxanne fell silent, and she recalled what had happened the night before. According to Jonathan, Lucian still seems to be worried about matters concerning my research institute. Didn't I make myself clear last night? Besides, I've already told him Sonya is behind it. What is he up to now?
After gelung no response from her, Jonathan knew he had wasted his effort once again. He cleared his throat and said, "Since my job is done, I'll keep an ear out for your good news in two days' time." Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled. "If everything goes smoothly, I'll visit you and thank you again."
They ended the call alter exchanging some pleasantries.
Jonathan was puzzled when he thought about how Roxanne had reacted when he mentioned Lucian. I've already planned everything out thoroughly last night, no? I've given them the perfect opportunity to be alone with each other. Why is Rozanne's attitude toward Lucian still the same? What happened between the both of them afier I left last night?Now, the only issue left with the research institute is the supply of medicinal ingredients. Roxanne heaved a sigh of reliet after hearing those words from Jonathan
After ending the call, Jonathan texted Roxanne the details of he medicinal herb suppliers in Summerbank
Roxanne got Colby to help her look through the details that day and came up with a business
proposal. All that was left was meeting them in Summerbank
When Roxanne arrived home that evening, she looked rather relaxed compared to two days before.
Archie and Benny grew anxious when they saw how relaxed Roxanne was.
During dinner, Benny poked the food on his plate absent-mindedly and asked grumpily, "Mommy, are you almost done with the matters concerning the research institute?"
Roxanne nodded. "I'm going to Summerbank in two days. If everything goes smoothly, the problem will be solved."
In other words, they could be leaving the country soon.
Archie and Benny's faces fell after they exchanged glances with each other. "Must we leave the country?" Roxanne acquiesced silently.
She knew Archie and Benny were reluctant to leave Estella behind, and she was feeling the same way too.
However, she started feeling uneasy again after she recalled how imposing Lucian was the night before. If we stay here, who knows what's going to happen in the future? 
###Chapter 405
Two dal's later, Roxanne How to Summibank carly in the morning, according to the agreed ume
Is Jonathan sud, the moment she arrived, someone wiis alrcadly there waiting for her.
Roxanne introduced herself before following the person out of the airport,
After geuung in the car, the duver asked respectfully, "Mr. Ziegler had already booked you a hotel room. Would you like me to send you to the hotel, or would you like to go to the office first?" Roxanne didn't bring anything with her, so she answered, "If Mr. Ziegler is free now, perhaps we should go to his ottice first,"
She just wanted to get it done with as soon as possible.
The driver nodded in acknowledgment and immediately drove toward the othce. When they were on the way there, he had also called Jasper Ziegler to keep him posted.
When Roxanne arrived. Jasper was already waiting for her in his oflice.
"Hi, Dr. Jarvis. I've heard a lot about you." Jasper got up and reached out his hand for a handshake the moment he saw her.
Roxanne shook his hand and greeted him politely in response.
After exchanging some pleasantries, Roxanne decided to cut to the chase. "Mr. Ziegler, the reason I'm here today is-"
Jasper interrupted her speech and said, "I know. You're here to talk about the possibility of working together. There's no rush, though. After all, I'm not the only party who is interested."
Roxanne was stumped when she heard that. She thought Jasper had changed his mind, so she hesitated for a while before saying, "I've already prepared the proposal. Would you like to look through it firsi? We can always make adjustments based on your requests."
Jasper smiled and waved his hand dismissively. "You've misunderstood what I meant. Since Mr. Queen introduced you to us, we won't go back on our words. What I mean is that our company is holding a banquet tonight, and I was hoping that you could join us. Representatives from the other companies will be there as well."
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief. However, she was still hesitant. "Oh, I see. I can wait. About the banquet..."
She had never worked with Jasper's company betore, so she thought it would be awkward if she were to crash the party.
Jasper didn't know what was on her mind, so he continued to persuade her by saying, "According to Mr. Queen, you're well known across the globe, Dr. Jarvis. We would be honored to have you there. Besides, prominent figures from all over the country in the pharmaceutical industry will attend the banquet. Perhaps you could even build your contacts when you meet them. By
attending the banquet, we'll both reap the benefits!"
Before Jonathan recommended Roxanne to him, Jasper had already asked about Roxanne's background. He knew how well she did during the medical conference back then. Coincidentally, a lot of prominent figures in the pharmaceutical industry were expected to attend the banquet. He thought most of them would know Roxanne.
That was why Jasper wanted her there. If I can get her to attend, not only will I be able to show the guests how connected I am, but I can also show my appreciation toward Jonathan and Roranne.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne had no choice but to accept the invitation. "Since you've already said so, I shall attend the banquet, Mr. Ziegler. I'll bring the documents with me when I go over in the evening."
Jasper immediately rejected that suggestion of hers by saying, "That's not necessary. We'll just have a discussion with everyone else tonight, okay? Let's not be so formal. Since you're not in a hurry, we can go over the agreement tomorrow."
Roxanne hesitated briefly before agreeing to his suggestion.
Jasper told Roxanne the time and place for the banquet before getting the driver to send her back to the hotel. 
###Chapter 406
Meanwhile, despite being in lorington, Jonathan had also received an invitation from Jasper.
Since Jonathan was busy with Queen Group, he couldn't altend the banquet. However, he thought of Lucian and guessed that Lucian would be interested in attending. After getting off the phone with Jasper. Jonathan called Lucian right away.
The moment the call went through, Lucian asked, "Is Roxanne here already?"
Hearing that. Jonathan froze momentarily. He then smiled playfully and answered, "She is. Besides, Dr. Jarvis' potenual business partner in Suinmerbank had invited her to the banquet, and she had agreed to attend."
Upon hearing thai, Lucian furrowed his brows slightly and answered in a deep voice, "Got it."
With that, he hung up the phone before Jonathan could say anything.
A teasing smile appeared on Jonathan's face as his phone's screen dimmed.
Although Lucian didn't say it out loud, he knew Lucian was surely going to be at the banquet.
In Summerbank, someone knocked on Lucian's door after he hung up the phone.
Farwell Group's business partner in Summerbank walked in with a smile on his face.
"Mr. Farwell, would you like to go through our contract?" he asked.
Lucian's business partners in Summerbank felt rather helpless because they were the ones who nouced the mistakes made by Farwell Group in the first place. Hence, they thought they could take advantage of it. However, they didn't expect Lucian to show up personally.
Not only did they fail to take advantage of the mistakes made, but they ended up facing countless requests from Lucian. Ulumately, they almost lost the chance to work with Farwell Group.
Throughout the past couple of days, Lucian had been cooperative, but he remained dubious about working with them.
Hence, the person in charge took the initiative and humbly altered all the terms in the contract to Lucian's request. However, they sull couldn't get Lucian to sign the contract.
At the same ume, they weren't willing to lose Farwell Group as a business partner,
Even if they were to not make a profit out of the deal, they were certain that they could improve the company's reputauon based solely on the fact that they had worked together with Farwell Group.
Despite Lucian's allitude toward the deal, they were glad that he hadn't rejected them yet. In other words, there was sulla chance for the deal to go through.
With the slimmest of hope in their minds, the person in charge of the project had been consulting Lucian on a daily basis to gauge his opinions.
That day, Lucian had one of his hands in his pocket, and he was looking down at the person in charge.
The person-in-charge hung his head low, and he seemed to be cautious of his own actions.
person
Although he sull hadn't gotten an answer from Lucian, the person in charge didn't dare to rush him.
"From what I heard, your company is quite prominent in Summerbank, right?" Lucian asked.
The person in charge answered hurriedly, "Our company is ranked first in the industry we're involved in."
With that, he looked at Lucian warily because he was worried that Lucian had found another business partner to work with.
In response, Lucian nodded in satisfaction and said, "I heard that Ziegler Group is organizing a banquet tonight. Is your company going to attend?"
Upon hearing that, the person in charge answered subconsciously, "Um... Our company isn't involved in the pharmaceutical industry, so Ziegler Group didn't invite us." As soon as he finished the sentence, he could feel Lucian looking at him doubtfully.
The person-in-charge immediately regained his senses, and he ultered, "That being said, I'm sure Ziegler Group would invite us if we were to ask them about it." Lucian nodded. "Get your boss to show up with the contract tonight."
In other words, Lucian had agreed to sign the contract with them during the banquet.
That left the person-in-charge all thrilled. He quickly agreed to the request and went back to inform the higher-ups about Lucian's demand. 
###Chapter 407
Roxanne thought she was just there to sign the contract, and she didn't expect to be invited to a banquet.
Since she was dealing with a potential business partner, she thought it would be disrespectful for her to show up wearing a suit.
After giving it some thought, Roxanne gave Madilyn a call.
Madilyn picked up the call fairly quickly, and she asked, "What's up, Roxanne? Aren't you in Summerbank for work?"
A day before she went to Summerbank, Roxanne had asked Madilyn to help her take care of Archie and Benny.
Madilyn thought Roxanne was worried about Archie and Benny because of the sudden phone call, so she said, "Don't worry, okay? I've already sent Archie and Benny to the kindergarten, and I watched them go in."
Roxanne chuckled and answered, "With you in charge, I'm not worried. I just want to know if you know of any boutiques in Summerbank. I'm attending a banquet this evening."
Hearing that, Madilyn raised her brows in puzzlement. "Aren't you there to sign a contract? How did you end up getting invited to a banquet?"
In a helpless tone, Roxanne answered, "It's a request from the potential business partner, and it wouldn't be nice of me to turn him down. Let me know if you know of any boutiques, okay? This is my first time visiting Summerbank, and I don't know much about this place.".
Madilyn didn't press her with further questions. She thought about it for a while and said, "If I'm not mistaken, the Lane family has a branch there. Look around and see if you can find them. I think the bouique is called Neon Boutique as well. Ill give their person-in-charge a call."
Having husted throughout Chanaea for the past four years, Madilyn had made a lot of friends, and she knew some of the younger members of the Lane family.
Upon hearing that the boutique belonged to the Lane family, Roxanne appeared slightly hesitant. The Farwell family and the Lane family are close. Since I'm avoiding the Farwell family, I've also been avoiding all the prestigious families they're associated with. However, I had no choice but to work with
Queen Group
Madilyn wasn't aware of Roxanne's worries, so she said, "I think they require customers to make reservations betore going over. Wait a while, okay? tll make some calls and see it I can help you cut the queue. With that, she hung up the phone.
Roxanne didn't reject the idea because she thought she wouldn't meet anyone from the Farwell family in a small boutique owned by the Lane family.
Soon after that, Madilyn called her and said, "I've already made an appointment for you. Just
mention my name when you arrive, okay? I need to attend to something, so I'm going to hang up now."
As soon as Roxanne acknowledged it, Madilyn had already hung up the phone.
Seeing that it was getting late, Roxanne went to have a simple lunch before going to Neon Boutique in a taxi.
When she arrived at Neon Boutique, it was already one in the afternoon. Roxanne mentioned Madilyn's name, and true enough, someone came to bring her in right away.
Roxanne picked an elegant look and took a seat while waiting for the stylist quietly.
She wasn't sure if it was just her imagination, but she thought she had heard Lucian's voice while she waited
Roxanne only heard the voice for a split second, so she didn't think too much about it.
In the meanume, the person in charge of Neon Boutique in Summerbank was following Lucian from behind when he said respectfully, "Mr. Farwell, our head stylist is already waiting for you upstairs." Lucian nodded nonchalanty. "Thanks."
His business partner did well. Although they didn't know why he wanted to join Ziegler Group's banquet, they contacted Ziegler Group as fast as they could and managed to get their hands on two invitations. Lucian wasn't prepared to attend a banquet, so he didn't bring the clothes he needed. Hence, he called someone from the Lane family before going to Neon Boutique. 
###Chapter 408
The hairstyle and makeup Roxanne picked was rallicr simple, so the stylist was done with her fairly quickly. She then picked a dress and went to got changed while the stylist waited for her outside the changing
room.
When he saw Roxanne coming out of the changing room, he was blown away. "Miss, the dress fits you like it was made for you!"
He had been a stylist for years, and he had rarely seen someone picking such a simple look in Neon Boutique.
Before he did her makeup, he noticed how pretty she looked. However, she had only picked a simple look, so the stylist didn't have a high expectation of how she would look when they were done. To his surprise, he was utterly blown away by Roxanne's beauty when he saw her.
A bunch of Roxanne's hair was pinned into a simple bun behind her head with a simple pearl hairpin, and the rest of her hair was casually draped behind her head. With her light makeup, she was able to showcase her facial features. The makeup artist had even taken the initiative to put on some lip gloss on her lips. She was dressed in a white evening gown that exposed her shoulders. Her exposed skin was flawless, and her collarbone was alluring.
In fact, she looked like an angel from heaven.
If it weren't for the fact that people who would come to Neon Boutique for styling were rich and powerful, the stylist would've recommended her to join the entertainment industry and be a star.
Upon receiving the stylist's praises, Roxanne simply smiled and answered, "Thank you."
Roxanne then checked herself out in the mirror and nodded in satisfaction. This is good. It's not too fancy, but it's enough to show my appreciation for the invitation.
Roxanne turned to thank the stylist once again belore heading downstairs to make payment,
After exiung Neon Boutique, Roxanne realized it was about time to attend the banquet. Hence, she wanted to walk toward the side of the road to hail a taxi Right then, she heard a voice coming from behind her.
"Goodbye, Mr. Farwell," the Neon Boutique's persoll in-charge saint politely when he sent Lucian out
Lucian nodded slightly before tuming around. That was when she saw a lady standing by the side of the road.
He recognized Roxanne just by looking at her back
Roxanne heard the person in charge clearly, and her enure being suitlened instantly.
Right after that, Roxanne wanted to get out of there as soon as she could.
Seeing that, Lucian's gaze darkened, and he quickly went up to her. "What a coincidence, Ms. Jarvis!"
When she heard those words, Roxanne immediately halted in her tracks, and she was stumped. How could there be such a coincidence? Why is Lucian here? Also, why would he still call out to me after what I said?
On the other hand, Lucian was also caught by surprise. Who would've known that when I was getting ready upstairs, she had been downstairs all along? I thought we'll only meet during the banquet. However, it's not such a bad thing to bump into her before the event.
Lucian wasn't bothered by the fact that Roxanne didn't respond. He then approached her and stood beside her before asking in a deep voice, "You're all dressed up, Ms. Jarvis. Are you altending the banquer? Were you planning on getung into a taxi dressed like that?"
Roxanne frowned slightly and took two steps backward to create a distance from him. "Thank you for your concern, Mr. Farwell. You must be a busy man. I shouldn't take up your time."
With that, she turned around to leave,
Lucian looked stunned when he caught a glimpse of Roxanne. In the next second, he realized that she was trying to get away from him.
Lucian's gaze darkened, and he suddenly reached out his hand to grab Roxanne's wrist.
Roxanne halted in her tracks and turned around to shoot him a wary look.
Lucian then uttered authoritatively, "Ill send you." 
###Chapter 409
Roxanne pursed her lips in annoyance and tried to free herself from his grip. However, her effort was futile.
Lucian noticed her intention, and he said with a solemn expression, "Are you really going to hail a taxi, dressed like that? Can't you see what the weather is like?"
"You don't have to worry about me, Mr. Farwell. I can take care of myself," Roxanne replied coldly.
That was when Lucian realized he had made his concern for her too obvious. He then furrowed his brows and said, "I doubt you can get a taxi now. By the time you get a taxi, you'll be late for the banquet." Hearing that, Roxanne turned her head to check out the street. He's right. Neon Boutique is in such a secluded area, and the road barely has cars passing by. Heck, I don't even see a tari in this area unless I walk further down the road. Even so, I don't want Lucian to give me a ride.
Roxanne then turned her head back toward Lucian. When she was about to say something, her phone suddenly rang.
Roxanne frowned and raised her gaze toward Lucian.
In response, Lucian slowly let go of her wrist.
Roxanne whipped out her phone and saw that it was Jasper calling her.
When she answered the phone, Jasper uttered in an uplifted tone, "Dr. Jarvis, where are you? The other business partners are already here. Even Mr. Lynch has arrived, and he said he's eager to see you!" Roxanne checked the time right after that. Although the banquet is not starting anytime soon, Mr. Ziegler said Mr. Lynch has already arrived. I can't let Mr. Lynch wait for me for too long.
After some hesitation, Roxanne forced a smile and answered, "Please inform Mr. Lynch I'll arrive in a while."
In response, Jasper acknowledged her request with a chuckle and hung up the phone.
Roxanne stared at her phone as the screen dimmed, and she felt troubled. This trip to Summerbank is full of surprises! Initially, I thought the most I need to do was just to attend the banquet. However, not only did I bump into Lucian, but it turns out Mr. Lynch is also invited to the banquet, I've already rejected Mr. Lynch as a mentor the last time around. If I were to let him wait for me, it would seem impolite, With that in mind, Roxanne steeled herself and said to Lucian, "If you don't mind, please give me ande, Mr. Farwell."
She was just ovoiding me moments ago, not A smile appeared on Lucian's face when he recalled how Roxanne had suddenly changed her aliude. Well, since you've changed your mind, Ms. Jarvis, it's my honor to give you a ride."
With that, he turned around and led her to his car.
Upon getting into the car, Roxanne told the driver her destination. "Please take me to Blossom Hotel."
The driver was arranged for Lucian by his potential business partner, so they didn't know each other personally. Hence, the driver thought Roxanne was Lucian's female partner for the evening when he saw the both of them getting into the car. Wow! They look like a perfect match!
The driver was briefly stunned by what Roxanne said. Without thinking too much about his reply, he instinctively answered, "That's exactly where we're going."
For some reason, the temperature in the car plummeted after the driver finished his sentence.
The driver subconsciously shuddered when he felt the change of mood in the car. After that, he just started driving.
Meanwhile, the two people in the back seat had different expressions on their faces.
Roxanne frowned and looked at Lucian suspiciously. How could there be such a coincidence? Didn't Mr. Ziegler say all the attendees are prominent figures in the pharmaceutical industry? Farwell Group isn't involved in the industry in any way, so why is he invited?
Naturally, Lucian noticed she was looking at himUnfazed, he turned toward her and said, "It seems like fate has brought us together."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 410
Hearing that, Roxanne's expression froze. She then pursed her lips and kept mum throughout the entire journey.
The car then slowly came to a halt at the entrance of Blossom Hotel.
When they arrived, it seemed like the banquet had already started because there were a bunch of luxurious cars parked in front of the hotel. Seeing that, Roxanne grew anxious, and she wanted to rush into the hotel after getting out of the
car.
With a frown, Lucian asked coldly, "Is this how you show your gratitude, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne halted in her tracks and turned toward him with a puzzled look. After some hesitation, she said, "Thank you, Mr. Farwell."
With that, she turned around to leave.
In a sarcastic tone, Lucian asked again, "That's all, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne was feeling anxious and helpless at the same time. However, she maintained her composure and answered, "What would you like me to do, Mr. Farwell? I don't have the time to treat you to a cup of coffee now."
The last time Lucian did her a favor, she showed her appreciation by treating him to a cup of coffee.
Obviously, she didn't have the time for that.
Lucian flashed an ambiguous smile and walked toward her. "What I want will not take up any of your time. It's just that I need a female partner for the banquet. If you don't mind, please accompany me, Ms. Jarvis."
Hearing that, Roxanne pursed her lips and furrowed her brows without saying a word in response. If I accept his request, the others will surely misunderstand our relationship. However, I know Lucian well enough to know that if I don't do as he says, he's not going to let me off the hook so easily. Besides, even if I were to reject him, he's still going to make the others think we are involved with each other. I might as well just accept his request and lay out some ground rules.
At that thought, Roxanne agreed to his request nonchalantly. When Lucian reached out his arm to lead her in, she ignored his gesture,
In response, Lucian smiled and let her be.
Hence, the iwo of them walked into the hotel side by side.
The banquet was held on the second floor. Wher they entered the place, everyone's gazes fell on them at once.
That evening, one of them was dressed in white while the other one was dressed in black.
Although they didn't act intimately with each other, everyone seemed to feel as if they were a match made in heaven.
Just like that, they walked toward the center of the event with everyone's gazes fixated on them.
Roxanne endured the weird looks the attendees were giving her and swept a glance at everyone there. Luckily, I don't see anyone from Horington. She then heaved a sigh of relief inwardly. Still, she tried to distance herself from Lucian when they were walking together.
Lucian knew what she was doing, so in response, he purposely did the exact opposite.
Roxanne couldn't help but stop walking before flashing a forced smile at him. "You have to socialize with the others, right, Mr. Farwell? I shall stay out of your way."
With that, she slightly nodded at Lucian and walked in the opposite direction.
Lucian's gaze darkened when he saw her making an escape. He didn't stop her because he didn't expect her to comply with his demand in the first place.
He only asked Roxanne to be his female partner bn a whim, and he didn't know she would end up agreeing to it. Could it be because we're not in Harington? With that in mind, Lucian flashed a self-deprecating smile.
Meanwhile, Roxanne walked away and arrived at a corner. She then raised her gaze and tried to spot Gerald in the crowd. Right then, a familiar voice rang out.
"Roxanne, are you and Mr. Farwell..." As one of the leading figures of the younger generation, Larry was also invited by Ziegler Group. Since he was free at that time, he decided to attend the banquet. However, he was rather surprised to see Roxanne there.
He was even more surprised to see her attending the banquet with Lucian.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 411
Roxanne frowned in exasperation. Not knowing where to begin, she merely said, "We met by coincidence downstairs."
However, Larry looked doubtful.
Seeing his expression, Roxanne relaxed her brows and said pleadingly, "Anyway, it's not what you think. It's impossible between me and him." She did not want anyone to misunderstand her relationship with Lucian.
Seeing her sincerity, Larry smiled gently and stopped pursuing the matter. Instead, he said, "Mr. Lynch is resting upstairs, and Mr. Ziegler is keeping him company. They're waiting for you. Are you looking for them?"
Roxanne had been searching for them the entire day but to no avail. As soon as she heard Larry's words, she heaved a sigh of relief and nodded. "Where are they? Can you please take me to them? I've got something important to discuss with Mr. Ziegler, and I need to apologize to Mr. Lynch."
Larry gladly agreed. He brought her out of the banquet hall and headed upstairs.
At the same time, Lucian watched them leave, looking deadpan. Rage was boiling in his heart.
So, this Morrison chap is the reason for Roxanne's sudden change of attitude? And why are they going upstairs together? What are they trying to do?
"Mr. Farwell?" the business partner called out warily,
Lucian turned around with a gloomy look all over his face.
The other party shuddered subconsciously, but still plucked up his courage to hand Lucian the agreement.
Lucian scanned it and penned his signature. The more he thought about Roxanne, the angrier he felt.
Just as the business partner was about to say something, Lucian turned around coldly and marched out of the banquet hall.
Meanwhile, Roxanne followed Larry into a room.
As soon as they stepped in, Gerald could be seen sitting in the main seat. At the same time, Jasper and a few men, who seemed to be of high status, were gathered around him, laughing while talking about something,
They fell silent instantly when they saw Roxanne and Larry entering, Jasper got to his feet and introduced the duo to the others, "This is Dr. Jarvis, the doctor recommended by Mr. Queen."
He then turned to Roxanne and introduced, "These are the person-in-charge of the companies we will be discussing the collaboration with."
Roxanne had a rough guess about the men's identity. She greeted the crowd, looking neither humble nor arrogant, and apologized, "I'm sorry for making all of you wait."
Gerald waved dismissively. "We were just sitting around and waiting, anyway. It's nothing to worry about. Instead, you must be worried sick on the way here. I told them to not give you a call, but they insisted." Since Gerald had said so, the others too, chimed in saying that they did not mind the wait.
Jasper clearly had a good relationship with Gerald. When the former heard Gerald's complaint, he smiled and said, "I was just informing her about your presence. I didn't mean to rush her." Gerald merely laughed.
Roxanne, too, smiled and followed Larry to find a place to sit.
Soon, Jasper took the initiative to begin the conversation about the collaboration.
Hence, Roxanne briefly explained the business proposal she had discussed with Colby.
Surprisingly, Jasper agreed without hesitation and waited for the others to respond.
However, the others appeared a little hesitant.
Roxanne could not help but feel nervous.
Just as she was getting anxious, Gerald's voice rang in the air.
He gazed at Roxanne apologetically. "I've heard the news about your research institute. I've always wanted to help, but I really don't have the power to do so. Though my words still have power, I'm just an academician. I'm clueless about the business world. I'm afraid no one will be convinced by me, even if I speak up for you."
The moment those words left his mouth, the expressions of everyone in the room changed.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 412
Although Gerald focused on academics, the others in the room had business dealings in the medical industry. Many of them relied on Gerald's skills for a living.
Gerald's words might sound like he was merely apologizing to Roxanne, but he was actually pressuring the others.
Naturally, Roxanne understood the meaning Gerald was implying. She returned his gaze with a look of gratitude.
It did not take long for the rest to agree. Clearly, Gerald's words worked.
"I've heard Mr. Queen talking about how impressive Dr. Jarvis' skills are. And now, we've witnessed how Mr. Lynch admires Dr. Jarvis. I guess there's no reason for us to hesitate anymore."
"I never thought Dr. Jarvis would be so young and a woman too! Not only that, but she also even runs a research institute on her own. She's such a strong woman!"
Words of praise kept traveling into her ears.
Of course, Roxanne knew they were only praising her for the sake of Jonathan and Gerald. Regardless, it meant that the collaboration was seliled.
At that thought, Roxanne patiently thanked them for their praises.
As the organizer of the banquet, Jasper could not keep staying in the room. Before leaving, he asked Roxanne, "Would you like to come with me, Dr. Jarvis? I can introduce you to the people involved in Summerbank's medical industry."
Roxanne accepted the offer, got up, and excused herself from Gerald's presence before returning to the banquet hall with Jasper.
Larry, on the other hand, stayed back to keep Gerald company.
It was evident that Jasper was quite influential in the medical industry of Summerbank. As soon as he made an appearance, many people approached to greet him.
Jasper returned their greetings and introduced Roxanne to them.
After socializing for some time, Roxanne felt a little tired. Thus, she excused herself to get some rest.
Jasper smiled and nodded in agreement, taking her to the couch at the corner of the hall before returning to the crowd.
When she finally settled down, Roxanne instinctively scanned the crowd.
She caught no sight of Lucian.
It was when she retracted her gaze that she realized what she did. Immediately, an odd feeling rose in her heart,
She, too, had no idea why she looked for him subconsciously.
Maybe I'm just worried he'll come looking for me again.
Roxanne convinced herself, despite feeling conflicted.
Suddenly, a shadow appeared in front of her.
For some reason, Roxanne tensed up, thinking what she feared had actually happened. There were traces of panic on her face when she lifted her head.
When she caught sight of the person in front of her, she calmed down and spoke slowly. "Who are you?"
A big and tall man stood in front of her. His broad figure seemed to be enough to cover her completely.
Realizing she was looking at him, the man smiled, raised his glass at her, and introduced himself, "Hello. I'm Joseph Cadman. The youngest son of the Cadman family. May I have the honor of making your acquaintance?'
The Cadman family was a relatively reputable family in Summerbank. Hence, Joseph did not bother revealing much about himself. He merely stared at the woman in front of him confidently after stating his request.
He was a little late to the event. By the time he spotted Roxanne, she was being brought around the hall by Jasper to meet the guests.
He eavesdropped on some of their conversations. Roxanne's beauty and outstanding skills left an itch in his heart.
When he saw her sitting on the couch alone, he rushed over eagerly.
Alas, Roxanne was not familiar with Summerbank's influential organizations. On top of that, she had scared herself with her own speculations. Thus, she was in no mood to socialize. Upon hearing Joseph's words, she put on a distant smile, saying, "I'm sorry. I'm only here to settle some work matters. I'll be leaving soon. I might not have the time to make friends."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 413
Joseph's face fell when he heard her rejection, and his tone sounded insistent. "I think you've misunderstood my intentions. I don't mean that kind of friendship."
Roxanne frowned in confusion, not understanding what he meant.
Joseph smirked mysteriously. "One night should be enough for us to get to know each other."
That sentence had clearly displayed his intentions.
Roxanne was momentarily stunned, but she quickly realized what he was saying. Her expression turned frosty. "I'm not interested. Please stop disturbing me. I want to be alone for a while." Joseph scowled at her second rejection.
Unfortunately, there were too many people at the banquet. Thus, he could not do anything to her. Instead, he straightened his body unhappily and lifted his wineglass toward her. With a threatening tone, he said, "If that's the case, surely you won't refuse this toast, right?"
Roxanne appeared hesitant.
Joseph was obviously a notorious playboy, and she did not know if he would pull any tricks on her.
Sensing her concern, Joseph mocked, "Oh, you can relax. There are so many people here. I won't do anything to you. I'm not the kind who'll force women into doing things, anyway."
Roxanne frowned, but still clinked her glass with his, taking a sip out of politeness.
Joseph shot her a dangerous glance and returned to the crowd.
When she saw him leaving, Roxanne secretly sighed with relief.
. Saw
As soon as Joseph returned to the crowd, a group of playboys surrounded him, teasing, "Aw.
There are still women who don't fall for Mr. Cadman's flirts, eh? Who is that woman? Why is she so arrogant?"
Joseph shot the man a glare.
Someone reminded, "I heard she came with that Mr. Farwell of Horington. We'd better not mess with her."
As soon as the speaker finished his sentence, Joseph smacked the former's head. "Mr. Farwell is already engaged. Why would he come with this woman? Besides, it means nothing even if they come together Mr. Ziegler's the one who brought her here to socialize with the guests. That's enough to prove that she has nothing special with Mr. Farwell.”
SAREE
Hearing that, the person who spoke up hesitated but nodded in agreement.
TREET
"What are you planning to do then? She has ignored you," someone asked.
Joseph downed his drink and said fiercely, "She'd better not leave this banquet hall. I, Joseph Cadman, never let my target run away just like that." The others bobbed their heads in agreement.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was totally unaware of the danger she was about to face.
She had too much to drink earlier while socializing with Jasper. After sitting down for a while, she got to her feet, fecling the need to go to the washroom
Oom.
Seeing her leave the banquet hall, Joseph and the other playboys sneakily followed her.
Roxanne noticed nothing and entered the washroom.
When she stepped out of the facility, she was blocked by a few playboys at the washroom's entrance.
Roxanne was slightly taken aback by the situation.
"What a coincidence, Ms. Jarvis." Joseph smiled casually while striding toward her.
Roxanne frowned and eyed them warily, warning, "Mr. Cadman, I'm Mr. Ziegler's guest. Please watch your actions."
Joseph raised his brow casually. "I know, but so what? Mr. Ziegler's not with you now. I dare you to get him over. I'll leave right away if he shows up." Naturally, Roxanne could not do so. She could only step backward silently, trying to maintain a safe distance between them.
###Chapter 414
"Why don't you ask them? There is no woman in Summerbank who would darc to disrespect mc," Joseph said as he inched closer to Roxannc.
There was a look of disdain in his cycs as he stared at the woman in front of him. "You should fecl honored that I'm talking to you, but yet bere you are, Irying to brush me off. Do you really think that you can get away with it just because you have a preity face? Don't forget that you are now in Summerbank."
Roxanne willed herself to calm down. After glancing at the men behind Joseph, who were all staring at her, she decided to swallow her pride. That was not what I cant. However, if you want to be friends, you can just tell me directly. I wouldn't dare to be friends with you if you bring so many people along. I'll be afraid."
Joseph thought that Roxanne hnally got the hint for he turned around to shoor his friends a look.
The group of men instantly retreated. However, they still looked at Joseph and Roxanne with a look of anticipation.
Soon enough, only Roxanne and Joseph were left standing face-to-face,
Joseph's gazc shamelessly wandered around Koxanne's body
Roxanne curled her fingers into a lighi fist as she resisted ihe urge to vomit. She forced a smule onto her face while walking backward calmly. She was trying to lure Joseph away from the others lint of vision. Once she managed to get Joseph alone, she would be able to take a chance and strike him. If Roxanne could strike him on his acupuncture points, Joseph would not have any cnergy to relaliate. With that, she could escape.
It would have been hard for her to altack him when there were so many people around.
just as she was aboul to turn the corner, a wail sounded from the crowd standing outside.
Everyone was stunned at the sudden shour and turned around to look in the direction of the sound.
All that could be scen was a young man, who had been standing at 1c euge of the group, kuning through the air and falling down to the floor in front of the crowd.
When the crowd noticed what had happened, they moved aside to make way.
Roxanne's gaze instantly landed on the man who was walking through the crowd. Her eyebrows furrowed slightly.
He had once again caught her at her worst.
"Who is it!" Joseph roared, wanting to get revenge on behalf of one of his friends who had been attacked.
Hic had alrcady turned around to witness his friends sent flying through the air.
However, when Joseph noticed the man walking over, hc vaguely thought that the latter looked familiar. Regardless, he was unable to recall who he was.
In spite of that, Joseph was slightly intimidated by the man's domineering aura,
If it weren't for his many friends observing this every move. Joseph probably would have already scurried away.
Lucian's dark gaze latched onto the woman standing nou far away from him. He did not even sparc Joseph a glance.
Lucian had been searching for Roxanne on the upper floor for a long time bul lo no avail.
He was about to return to the banquet hall on the lower lloor 10 search for her when he heard the commotion as well as a crowd of people standing in the corner.
As Lucian walked nearer to the crowd, he instantly saw Roxanne smiling at an unfamiliar man.
When he noticed the smile on her face, sury instantly crupled within him.
It was absurd how Roxanne was willing to smile at such a lewd man when she only had a distant look on her face whenever she was around Lucian Lucian had decided to see how far Roxanne was willing to go when whispers sounded next to him.
"Look at her amazing body. Joseph is going to have a good ume tonight."
Hearing thal, ragc surged up in Lucian's heart as his expression darkened
The man who said thosc words suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. Before he could even react, he was already sent flying through the air with a kick. Fury was evident on Lucian's face.
Roxanne only glanced at Lucian briefly before looking away. She did not have the courage to continue looking at him. Even the smile on her face started to drop. Gucssing that her actions should have been noticed by Lucian, Roxanne's heart was filled with regret.
She was only trying to get away from Joseph, but Lucian would probably get the wrong idea from her actions.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 415
Chapter 415 How Dare You
As Joseph noticed Lucian getting nearer to them, he glanced at his friends who were standing not far away. Joseph steeled himself and stood in front of Lucian. "Do you know this woman?”
Lucian slowly came to a stop as his gaze emotionlessly swept over the man in front of him before returning to Roxanne's face.
The woman in question had cast her gaze downward, and her lips were pursed. She did not seem to want his help at all.
Noticing her reaction, Lucian felt like he was being mocked.
Even at this stage was Roxanne still trying to avoid him.
Since that was her wish, Lucian would grant it.
Upon thinking of that, Lucian looked away. "I don't know her."
Joseph inwardly heaved a sigh of relief when he heard those words.
The man on the floor scrambled to get up. He pointed at Lucian's back and exclaimed, "Why did you kick me?" His voice was full of anger.
Lucian only shot him a cold look.
The man on the floor suddenly felt a chill run up his spine. He zipped his mouth sheepishly.
It was after a while that Lucian replied in a cold voice, "You were in my way."
The man who had been kicked opened his mouth indignantly. However, he did not dare to say much for he knew he was no match for Lucian. Thus, he walked back into the crowd. Lucian turned to look at Joseph. "Please continue," he said, although his tone seemed like he was commanding Joseph instead.
As soon as Lucian spoke, both Roxanne and Joseph's expressions changed.
Roxanne never expected Lucian to say something like that. Surprise flashed across her eyes as she clenched her fists, suppressing the urge to look at him.
She refused to believe that Lucian meant what he said.
Joseph, on the other hand, looked at Lucian in doubt. He frowned at the latter.
If Lucian had not appeared, Joseph would definitely have continued.
However, now that there was a domineering man looking from the side, there was no way he would be able to continue his act.
Yet, that domineering man's eyes seemed to be boring holes into Joseph. It seemed like if Joseph did not continue, that man would not leave.
I bet he was lying about not knowing her!
Nevertheless, Joseph submitted to Lucian's domineering pressure and turned back to face Roxanne. He slowly walked toward her.
Roxanne had originally thought of a plan to handle Joseph, but Lucian's gaze unknowingly made her panic.
Looking at the man inching nearer to her, Roxanne's pupils constricted, and she instinctively took a step backward. She then raised her hand and slapped Joseph.
The crisp sound of a slap rang in everyone's ears.
The young men who were standing not far away were stunned at what happened.
Joseph's eyes widened.
He did not manage to react as he was oppressed by Lucian's domineering aura.
How dare she hit me?
He quickly snapped back to reality and glanced at Lucian. The latter's expression did not change. It seemed like Lucian did not plan on interfering at all. At once, Joseph's expression darkened as he roared, "How dare you hit me?" He took a large step toward Roxanne and raised his hand to hit her.
Roxanne subconsciously closed her eyes tightly.
However, that hand never came into contact with her skin.
There wasn't even any sound.
After a while, Roxanne slowly opened her eyes and noticed an arm stretched across her. Lucian's large hand had grabbed onto Joseph's wrist, stopping him.
Joseph, who was still standing in front of Roxanne, gritted his teeth silently. His face had turned ashen.
Although the one whom Roxanne had slapped was Joseph, Lucian seemed to have been shaken. He finally realized what he had done.
He then saw that Joseph was about to hit Roxanne.
All of the suppressed rage and guilt erupted within him as the aura around him became even more terrifying than before.
When Joseph's wrist was grabbed by Lucian, he was about to scold the latter when he met his eyes. Joseph instantly shut his mouth. Even though Joseph's wrist felt like it was about to snap at any second, all he could do was break into a cold sweat. He didn't even dare to make a sound at all.
###Chapter 416
Realizing that Lucian had stopped Joseph in the end, Roxanne somehow felt relieved, and she calmed down.
When she recalled how cold and indifferent Lucian was a second ago and how angry he looked right now, Roxanne found it ironic. Maybe, unintentionally, Roxanne’s current state would change according to what he wanted.
She was nothing but a toy for him to play around with.
Upon thinking of that, Roxanne smiled to herself in her mind and curled her lips into a self-deprecating smile. She decided to no longer care about the chaos happening in front of her and made a move to leave.
However, just as she turned around, a large hand reached out to grab her wrist.
Roxanne did not need to turn her head to know who stopped her.
She glanced at her wrist that was in his grip and said, “Have you had your fun, Mr. Farwell? If you have, please let go of me.”
The moment she spoke those words, the expressions of the crowd instantly changed.
All of them had only heard of Lucian and occasionally saw him on television.
That was the reason why they found Lucian familiar when they first saw him.
However, it did not cross their minds that he was actually Lucian Farwell.
As a result, they had offended someone who was connected to Lucian.
Once that thought crossed their minds, panicked expressions could be seen on all of their faces.
Joseph’s wrist was still in Lucian’s grip. He was experiencing firsthand how oppressive Lucian’s domineering aura was. His back was thoroughly drenched in sweat.
If he had known that Roxanne was with Lucian, he would never have even glanced at her.
“Mr. Farwell, th-this is just a m-misunderstanding,” Joseph stammered, trying to defend himself.
However, Lucian did not even spare him a glance. He was staring fixedly at Roxanne’s back.
Is she trying to escape to look for Morrison again?
Roxanne frowned when she realized that Lucian was not going to let go of her. She turned around to look at the latter with mockery in her eyes. “Aren’t you done, Mr. Farwell? Are you still waiting for me to continue with this show?”
Upon speaking, she looked at Joseph, who was still being restrained by Lucian, in disdain.
Her words meant that she would be willing to go along with Joseph if Lucian wanted the show to continue.
When Joseph met her gaze, beads of sweat appeared on his forehead. “This is a huge misunderstanding, Ms. Jarvis. I only wanted to be friends with you. I really didn’t have any other motives. You are with Mr. Farwell, after all. I don’t have the guts to—”
Roxanne cut him off by nodding. “You’re right. You only want to be my friend for the night, Mr. Cadman. If Mr. Farwell wants to see that, I can only obey his request.”
The atmosphere around them instantly became tense at her words.
Lucian narrowed his eyes as he looked at the woman in front of him.
Joseph also noticed the murderous intent in the aura surrounding them. He shivered uncontrollably.
“The Cadman family of Summerbank?” Lucian’s cold voice rang next to his ears.
Joseph nodded instinctively. However, he quickly understood the reason behind Lucian’s question and promptly shook his head.
With narrowed eyes, Lucian let go of Joseph’s wrist with a stoic expression. “Get lost.”
When Joseph thought of the possible retaliation that the Cadman family might face after the incident, his face filled with terror. He tried to explain himself, “Mr. Farwell, I really did not do it on purpose. I didn’t know she was your woman. Besides, as you saw for yourself, I didn’t do anything to her…”
The more Joseph tried to explain, the angrier Lucian got. His eyes darkened terrifyingly.
When Joseph noticed Lucian’s gaze, he instantly shut up. After remaining at the same spot for a few seconds, he turned around and ordered everyone to leave, feeling dejected.
It seemed that the Cadman family would soon fall from grace.
###Chapter 417
Once Joseph and the crowd scurried away, only Lucian and Roxanne were left in the corridor.
Roxanne's wrist was still in Lucian's grip.
Realizing that he did not seem to be releasing her any time soon, Koranne was not annoyed at all She merely said in a calm voice, "Everyone's gone. You can let go of me now, Mr. Farwell. I won'i run away." Lucian stared at her for a few seconds before slowly relaxing his grip
Roxanne's cycbrow furrowed as she rubbed her achung wrist. She look two steps backward and looked up at Lucian. "Is there anything else, Mr. Farwell."
Lucian frowned upon hearing that
He had saved her, but she did not even thank him for it. Instead, she had asked him if there was anything clxc.
"I've helped you out again, and this is your attitude toward me?" Lucian's tone was laced with coldness.
Roxannc's lips curled mockingly. Help? If you really wanted to lielp Inc, you wouldn't have vaid those words to Joseph. You're only using me for your owni benche There's no need to sugarcoal your actions."
The air around them seemed to still at the tension between them
Lucian's cycs were burning with rage However, when he recalled the words he had spoken on impulse, he could not say anything to justify himself.
After being plunged into silence for a whule, Roxanne kvok his lack of response as a silent agreement. The trackery on her face canle more evident in she nodded at lain. Seems like you have had your fun. Mr. Farwell. I think I should leave now."
With that, she turned around to leave.
Just then, Lucian's low voice rang from behind her. "Where's Morrison?"
Roxanne stopped and looked back in confusion "What?"
"Didn't you compromise with me just so you could meet him? Why didn't he come to save you carlier?" Lucian narrowed his eyes as he scrutinized her.
Roxanne look a few seconds to realize that Lucian was referring to Larry.
What does this have to do with Larry?
Noticing the confused look on her face, Lucian explained, "You arrived at the banquet together with me, and then you left with Mr. Morrison. I heard that Mr. Ziegler has been bringing you around to worlaluze with other people as well. In just a short timc, you have been with three
different men. You are indeed popular with men Ms. Jarvis."
Lucian then scanned her from head to toe and added in a bitter tone, "Oh, right. There's also that man just now. Your popularity is far beyond my expectations."
Knowing that Lucian had deliberately brought Joseph up to annoy her, Koxanne's expression darkened. "You were spying on me?
She was only with Larry for a few minutes. During that tinc, Lucian should have been socializing with other clicuits. There was no way he could have noticed them Unless, the said clients did not exist.
Upon that thought, Roxanne found herself feeling suspicious and doubtful.
"You are a woman who stands out in a crowd, Ms. Jarvis. Couple that with the fact you appeared at the banquet together withi me, and people will definitely talk about you. Would I even need to spy on you? O did you think that you are somewhat important to me and that I would send someone to spy on you, Ms. Jarvis?" Lucian scoffed.
His words insinuated that Roxanne was deluding herself
Roxanne's eyes twitched as a wave of self-deprecation washed over her.
He's right. Considering the entent of my relationship with Lucian, I'm not important enough to bespied on. He probably only saw me with Larry by accident.
11
Moreover, when she appeared at the banquet with Lucian, they had indecil stirred up a commotion, His theory was not impossible.
Upon thinking of that, Roxanne slowly calined down. She cast her gaze downward as she said in an emotionless tone, "If that's the case, I have wronged you, Mr. Farwell. However, with how you treated mc earlier, I think we are even now."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 418
Lucian only felt annoyed and frustrates allier collatulude "Archuc and Kenny are waiting for you at home. Please take care of yoursell, Ms. Jarvis"
Koxanne, (d), did not want to continue the convention further She nelleil lightly Thank you for your reminder, Mr. Farwell
Hoth of them looked at each tiher, their eyes filleil with
Tong Mo
Then Lucian looked away and turned around to leave thic hotel with furrowed eyebrow's
ITUL
He had only altended the bancuri brus of Roxanne
However, he did not cycli want la viy there avecond longer because of her attitude toward himni
Looking at his retreating figure, Koxanne frowned slightly Suspicion rose in her heart once again
Didal he attend the banquet for work? Why is dar leathing nyht now
She nearly thought that Lucian had left because of her.
Bul recalling what he had told her. She Knot want to celude herselt turther. She looked away and retumcu to the banuri hall
Joseph and the others were nowhere to be seen
The moment Koxanne entered the hall. Jasper instantly caught sight of her
-Where did you go. I've been looking for you for hours," Jayper asked in concern as he walked up to her
the maller" Roxanne vuiled in
"Feli a bil slutly in here, so went outside for a walk Wu response
Jasper hraved a sigh of relict. Thank goodness you're ok.y You're my GUCN. and if younicthing were lo hapakulo You, I wouldn't know whallo tell Mr. Queen and Mr. Lynch
After what had happened just now, Roxanne was starting to Iceltired Seemghat there was nothing to le concerned about, she replied, "I'm fine. Just a little tirel About the colaboration
Jasper instantly answered. "Let's meet at my office tomorrow morning. All you need to do is NIKO the contract. Go home if you're feeling tired los already a big honor that you can attend iny banquet today" Koxanne smiled at him gratefully. After bidding him goodlyye, slie went to the upper floor to send Gerald her regards.
Larry was currenily keeping Gerald company,
Hearing hai Roxanne was about to leuve, Gerald tumed io Larry with a meaningful look in his
eyes. "I'm getting tired too. You don't have to accompany inc anymore. It's not safe for Roxanne to go home alone when it's sp late at night. Send her home, will you?" Larry smiled and agreed.
Roxanne instantly thought of Lucian's words from earlier and a weird feeling rose in her heart. Alas, it was too late to reject. Larry had already walked over to her
"Let's go.
Gerald smiled at both of them.
After the medical conference, Gerald found out that both Roxanne and Larry were single. Therefore, he had been trying to find an opportunity to set them up. When he saw the both of them standing next to each other, he could not help but feel that they were made for cach other.
Since Roxannc had missed the opportunity to reject bis offer, she could only silently agree to it. After bidding Gerald goodbye, she walked out of the hotel with Larry in tow.
It was already well into the night when they exited the hotel.
As Roxanne was wearing a dress that exposed her shoulders, she shivered when a gust of wind blew past her.
The next second, a warm coat was draped over her shoulders.
"Put it on. My car is parked slightly further away. You're wearing too little. It won't be good if you get sick." Larry's gentle voice rang next to her car.
After a brief moment of hesitation, Roxanne smiled and said, "Thanks, Larry."
She had always been on good terms with Larry. If she were to reject his kindness because of a sentence from Lucian, it would seem as though there was something between her and Larry. With that thought in mind. Roxannc pulled the coal around herself and walked to the car with Larry.
###Chapter 419
In the car opposite the main road, the driver noticed the sudden change in atmosphere. His palms started sweating as the air surrounding them seemed to have dropped by a few degrees.
It was after a long time that Lucian stopped looking at the entrance to the hotel. "Let's go back," he ordered in a cold voice.
The driver acknowledged his instructions and started the engine, driving toward the hotel that Lucian was staying at.
Roxanne had no idea that Lucian had seen her. She opened the door to the passenger seat and got into Larry's car.
The moment she entered the car, she politely took off Larry's coat and placed it in the backseat
After getting the address to her hotel, Larry revved up the engine.
Both of them remained silent for the entire journey. Roxanne looked out the window to stare at the scenery outside and soon fell into deep thought.
She couldn't understand Lucian's attitude earlier at all.
"You just left like that. What about Mr. Farwell?" Larry suddenly asked.
Roxanne only returned to her senses after a long while. Her eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "What does it have to do with him?"
Larry looked at her through the rearview mirror. "Mr. Farwell brought you to the banquet, right?"
Although Roxanne had said that she met Lucian in the lobby, Larry managed to figure out the truth when he realized that Roxanne did not drive. Roxanne was stunned. She turned around and met Larry's eyes.
Roxanne pressed her lips into a smile and replied, "You're right, but we only met by chance at the boutique. It's not what you think it is."
Larry nodded. "Does Mr. Farwell know that you left?"
That man left even before I did. How would he know when I left?
"I'm not sure," she replied dismissively, then quickly changed the topic. "Oh, right, what were you doing at the banquet, Larry?"
Larry knew that she did not want to talk about it, and thus, he did not press any further. "Mr. Ziegler sent me an invitation. I didn't want to attend, but I found out that Mr. Lynch was in Summerbank as well. I figured he would attend the banquet, so I came over. I never thought I would run into you."
Roxanne nodded absent-mindedly.
"How are things at the research institute?" Larry asked caringly.
"I went to the banquet to discuss the matters at the research institute. Mr. Ziegler and the others have a branch in Horington that can work together with us. We've already discussed it and will be signing the contract tomorrow. I will head home once that's done."
Larry furrowed his brows. "How did you find Mr. Ziegler?"
As far as he knew, Roxanne had been looking for a partner in Horington. However, Jasper was all the way in Summerbank. Larry was curious as to how they managed to get in touch with each other. Moreover Jasper seemed to think very highly of Roxanne.
"Mr. Queen introduced us to each other. Speaking of which, I need to thank him for his help," Roxanne said.
Upon hearing that it was because of Jonathan, Larry nodded in response. "Queen Group does have a good relationship with Ziegler Group. But it seems that Queen Group has a better relationship with Farwell Group. Now that Mr. Queen has helped to introduce you to Ziegler Group, he has inevitably stood against Farwell Group. If Mrs. Farwell finds out about this, things may not end well."
Roxanne frowned upon hearing that. She was worried for Jonathan.
Although Jonathan had said that they would not be noticed by Farwell Group, both of them knew that there would still be a risk that his decision to help Roxanne would be discovered by Farwell Group. Regardless, Roxanne had already gone this far. She did not want to give up so easily.
After all, Sonya's aim was to chase her away. Once she solved all the problems related to the research institute and left Horington, she reckoned Sonya would probably stop going after her. 
###Chapter 420
The car gradually came to a stop in front of the hotel. After bidding Larry goodbye, Roxanne got out of the car and headed into the building.
When the next morning rolled around, Roxanne went to Jasper's office to sign the contract at the scheduled time. Once that was done, Roxanne boarded the flight back home.
The moment she sat down in her seat, her nerves, which had been on an edge, finally relaxed.
Upon arriving at her destination, all she needed to do left was to observe how things were going to proceed. Once she made sure that the supplies given by the few companies were stable, Roxanne could finally leave the country in peace.
Just as she was deep in thought, someone sat down in the seat next to her.
Roxanne came back to her senses and glanced at the person next to her. When she realized who it was, her expression stiffened.
"Are you going to think that I'm stalking you again, Ms. Jarvis?" Lucian's tone was filled with mockery as he quirked an eyebrow. "If you are uncomfortable, would you like me to switch seats with someone else?"
Roxanne balled her fists to suppress the displeasure in her heart. "Don't bother. I wouldn't make such a request to a stranger either," she replied emotionlessly.
With that, she turned away from Lucian and leaned back against her seat,
Recalling what he had seen outside the banquet hall that night and noticing how Roxanne was treating him on the plane, Lucian grew angry all of a sudden. "Why are you by yourself, Ms. Jarvis? Where's Mr. Morrison? Why isn't he with you?"
At the mention of Larry's name, Roxanne sat upright and looked at Lucian in discontentment. "There's nothing between Larry and me. Please refrain from speaking nonsense, Mr. Farwell." Lucian snorted. "Why did you assume I thought there was something between the both of you?"
Roxanne parted her lips, but she did not know how to respond to his question. Instead, she fell back into her seat indignantly and pulled her blanket up to her face. She no longer wanted to pay any attention to the person next to her.
What is his problem? As far as I know, Larry has barely ever interacted with Lucian, yet Lucian keeps going after him..
Lucian's eyes turned cold when he noticed that she was annoyed. He was just about to say something when a flight attendant walked toward them. He frowned and suppressed the rage within him, keeping his words to himself.
The plane soon took off.
Roxanne was lying stiftly on her side facing the window. During the flight, she heard the flight attendants walking over a few times to ask if they needed anything, and Lucian rejected the flight attendants coldly every time.
Roxanne was definitely not about to turn around to face Lucian.
However, every time the flight attendant left, his gaze would land on her.
All Roxanne felt was discomfort when that happened.
Just as Lucian's eyes settled on her once again, Roxanne flung the blanket off and sat upright. She was about to open her mouth to say something when Lucian beat her to it. "She said that we are expected to be hit with turbulence, and the airplane might shake violently."
The words that Roxanne was about to say ended up being caught in her throat. There was a look of confusion on her face.
However, before she could react, the airplane started to jolt.
Roxanne, having lost her balance, accidentally lurched toward Lucian before her seatbelt pulled her back.
She had just settled back into her seat when shouts and sounds of queries could be heard around her.
"What's going on? Will the plane be able to land safely?"
"Are we going to die?"
It was the passengers' first time encountering something like this, and they were understandably nervous.
Through the speaker, a flight attendant explained to the passengers the reason behind the sudden jerk. She also tried to calm the passengers down.
However, just as she managed to calm everyone down, the plane jerked again. This time, it was more violent than before. 
###Chapter 421
Right at that moment, no one could listen to the announcement through the speakers anymore. The planc crupied into chaos, with wails and screains sounding from every part of the plane. There were even some passengers demanding answers to their questions,
It was Roxanne's first time experiencing such a situation as well. Although she felt uneasy, she still managed to calm herself down.
Yet as she listened to what was going on around her, the uneasy feeling in her heart seemed to have grown stronger.
The airplane was still experiencing turbulence.
Suddenly, someone cried out, "My kids are waiting for me at home."
Roxanne clearly heard that sentence. Her eyes widened, and the restlessness in her heart seemed to have increased greatly.
My kids... Archie and Benny are still waiting for me at home.
Roxanne was already selfish enough to keep their family background a secret. She could not bear to think what would happen to them if something were to happen to her.
The moment she imagined her two children ending up alone if something happened to her, her face turned as pale as a sheet. She started breathing heavily, unable to catch her breath because of her anxiety. Just when she felt she was about to pass out, a large hand tightly grabbed onto hers.
Roxanne barely regained some of her senses and heard Lucian's deep voice sounding next to her ear. "Don't worry. It's just turbulence. It'll be over soon."
His voice seemed to have some sort of magical power, for Roxanne was able to breathe normally again after listening to him, although her body was still trembling.
When Lucian noticed Roxanne's nervous and anxious look, the anger in his heart long dissipated. On the contrary, his heart ached for her.
"I'm right here. Nothing will happen to us. Don't be afraid," Lucian comforted her.
Roxanne nodded absentmindedly as she looked at the economy cabin. "Archie... Benny..." she muttered.
Lucian had to focus in order to hear what she was saying.
Roxanne was already so afraid, yet she was still thinking of her two children at home. Al that moment, Lucian's resentment toward Archie and Benny's biological father increased greatly.
How can he call himself a man when he left his wife to raise their kids alone?
Despite his anger, he said in a low voice, "Archie and Benny are obediently waiting for you back home. You will return safely, so stop overthinking. Take deep breaths and relax."
Roxanne was trying very hard to do as he said, but her body seemed to be out of her control.
The other passengers did not even listen to the flight attendant's advice. It was madness out there, and Roxanne was greatly affected by it.
Lucian looked toward where Roxanne was gazing and realized the reason for her sudden fear. His eyes darkened.
In a soft voice, he said, "Don't listen to them. Listen to me. Turbulence isn't a big problem, and we will be fine. They're scared because they haven't experienced it before. They also don't understand." Roxanne's attention was slowly drawn away from the chaotic mess in the economy cabin. The loud noises soon faded as well.
Lucian sighed in relief when he saw that Roxanne was calming down. As it was still a mess outside, he could only continue talking to Roxanne while holding her hand
tightly to give her strength.
Slowly, Roxanne started to tighten her own grip around his hand.
Sensing the sudden force, Lucian, too, tightened his grip around her hand.
Roxanne seemed to be terrified and had grabbed onto him to release the fear in her heart, and Lucian allowed her to do just that. He was also waiting for her reaction in anticipation when she came to her senses and realized that they had been holding hands all this while. 
###Chapter 422
The airplane slowly regained control, but Roxanne's mind was still as blank as an empty piece of paper.
It wasn't until the plane had safely landed that Roxanne slowly came to her senses. She was still fearful of whatever had happened just now.
"I told you we would land safely." Lucian's words seemed to have hidden meaning in them. "Since we've finally touched down, you can let go of me now, right, Ms. Jarvis?" Roxanne was surprised.
She had been so terrorized by what had happened just now that she had totally forgotten about the man sitting next to her.
Wait, let him go? What is he talking about?
Just as she was in a dazed, something moved in her left hand.
Roxanne looked down and saw that her hand was intertwined with Lucian's on the armrest.
To be more accurate, it was her latching onto Lucian's hand for dear life. There were even marks of her fingernails embedded on his skin. As she had been gripping his hand so tightly that her hand had gone stiff, she did not even realize that she was holding his hand.
Looking at their interlocked hands, Roxanne remained in shock for a few seconds before snapping back to reality. She instantly let go of Lucian's hand as if it burned her..
Lucian chuckled lightly at her reaction, not at all surprised by it.
is drenched
It was after Roxanne retracted her hand that she realized that her body in a cold sweat. Her palms were also just as sweaty.
At that realization, she looked at the man next to her, only to see that he had gotten a tissue and was wiping his own palm slowly.
It was obvious that his palm was full of her sweat as well.
A wave of embarrassment washed over Roxanne.
After calming down, she slowly recalled how Lucian had comforted her during the flight.
It didn't matter how much she wanted to maintain a distance between them. At that moment, she couldn't help but admit how grateful she was to him. It was fortunate that he was there with her. Snapping out of her reverie, Roxanne looked at the man beside her with a serious expression on her face. "Thank you for comforting me carlier. Otherwise..." she trailed off Lucian discarded the tissue he had used to wipe the sweat and met her eyes. He instantly noticed that there was still sweat on her forehead and frowned.
Roxanne, however, thought that Lucian was bothered by her attitude. She pursed her lips, suddenly at a loss for what to do.
She was supposed to treat Lucian like a stranger, but he was by her side when she needed help the most. Therefore, she couldn't bring herself to put up the same cold exterior.
Right then, two pieces of tissue appeared in front of her. "Here. Wipe the sweat off your forehead. The plane has safely landed. There's no need to be afraid anymore." Lucian's voice rang beside her. Roxanne took the tissues and wiped the sweat off her forehead. "Thank you. It was my first time experiencing something like that. I was really afraid," she said as she looked at the man in front of her. Lucian quirked an eyebrow nonchalantly. "And then? Is that how you're going to thank me?"
Roxanne's eyebrows furrowed slightly as she looked at Lucian with a troubled look in her eyes. "How do you want me to thank you, Mr. Farwell?"
Lucian's lips twitched when he heard how she addressed him. "I want you to stop avoiding me. Can you do that? I remember you said that we are only strangers to each other. I don't think you need to keep avoiding a stranger, Ms. Jarvis."
Roxanne was taken aback. She cast her gaze downward and remained silent.
She was incredibly thankful to Lucian for helping her earlier. Nevertheless, she was still going to stay away from him.
Lucian fell silent for a few seconds when he noticed her reaction. He then got up without any expression on his face. "Forget it if you can't do that," he said in a cold voice.
With that, he got off the plane. 
###Chapter 423
Roxanne remained seated in her seat, watching as the man left the plane. It was a while before she slowly stood up.
Just as she did, a wave of nausea hit her. li seemed to be a physical reaction after stress.
Roxanne grabbed the seat in front of her to stabilize herself. Once she regained her balance, she carefully got off the plane.
As she walked to the immigration gate, her entire body ached uncomfortably while her stomach lurched painfully.
Upon getting inside the airport, she made a beeline to the nearest restroom.
"Jeez!" A voice laced with annoyance rang out. A passerby was walking with their luggage when Roxanne accidentally bumped into him.
Roxanne tried her best to suppress the discomfort she was feeling and hastily bowed to the man to apologize. She continued to run toward the restroom with a hand covering her mouth.
Not far away, Lucian heard the commotion behind him. He instinctively turned around to see what was going on and managed to catch sight of Roxanne dashing into the restroom with her back arched. Lucian's gaze darkened when he saw that, and he quickly followed after her.
Although Roxanne had been treating him very coldly, he still worried for her whenever he saw that she was in discomfort.
When Roxanne rushed into the ladies restroom, Lucian came to an abrupt halt and stood outside. With furrowed eyebrows, he listened to the sound of Roxanne puking her guts out.
Roxanne supported herself against the wall, and her fingernails had already turned white from the force as she bent over io puke.
She had been incredibly nervous. It didn't help that the flight was super bumpy, which led to her upset stomach.
Perhaps her urge to puke had been suppressed by her anxiousness during the flight. It was only after she disembarked that the feeling of discomfort in her stomach rose again. Roxanne gradually stopped puking after a while.
When she straightened her back, her vision suddenly went dark. It was fortunate that she did not end up fainting.
Roxanne stayed in the restroom for a while more to recollect herself before walking out while supporting herself against the wall.
"What's wrong?" Lucian's voice suddenly rang out next to her.
Roxanne stopped and slowly looked up at him.
She was puzzled when she noticed Lucian's worried look.
I thought he left. Why... is he here? And he saw me in this wretched state again.
Roxanne withdrew her hand from the wall and smiled at him. "I'm sorry for making you worry again, Mr. Farwell. I was feeling a little dizzy after the bumpy ride. I feel better now that I've puked up." Lucian stared at her suspiciously.
Roxanne had just recovered from her fear and had literally puked her guts out. Her face was as pale as a sheet.
Her words did not convince him at all.
Although she was still feeling weak after vomiting everything, Roxanne didn't want to support herself on the wall in front of Lucian. She could only steel herself and wait for him to leave. However, Lucian did not seem to have any intention of leaving at all.
"If there's nothing else, you should go back early, Mr. Farwell," Roxanne said.
The man in question raised an eyebrow. "I don't think you are in the position to tell me when to leave, Ms. Jarvis."
Roxanne was slightly taken aback, but she had no choice but to admit that he was right.
With how he was acting, both of them would have to stay here forever if she didn't make the first move to leave.
Roxanne gritted her teeth. She decided to force herself to start moving and leave.
Alas, her legs did not have enough strength to support her body. She had just lifted her leg to take a step forward when she lost her balance and fell to the floor.
In her panic, she reached out to hold the wall, but she grabbed onto a strong arm instead. 
###Chapter 424
Lucian could tell at one glance that Roxanne was putting up a tough act. When he saw that she almost fell, he stretched out his arm to catch her.
And coincidentally, Roxanne's hand grabbed his,
Both of them stopped and did not move an inch more.
Knowing that she had accidentally exposed herself, Roxanne held Lucian's arm stiffly and calmed herself down. Then she slowly straightened her back and apologized as if nothing had happened. "I'm sorry. I... I missed a step."
Having said that, she wanted to withdraw her hand.
Lucian's eye darkened when he knew what she wanted to do. Before she could do so, he authoritatively pressed her hand on his shoulder.
Roxanne was slightly taken aback by his gesture.
"You're already in a bad shape. Stop acting tough in front of me." Frowning, Lucian wrapped his arm around her waist to support her.
arm aro
Instantly, Roxanne felt much better.
Shortly after, she tried to keep her distance from him because there were too many people at the airport. She thought that their actions might cause others to misunderstand their relationship.
"I do think that carrying you is easier," he muttered.
When Roxanne heard that, she widened her eyes in disbelief and met his gaze.
Lucian stared at her indifferently as if he was threatening her to oblige. Go ahead and try escaping my embrace. There's only one way to find out if I'll make a huge ruckus and carry you out of the airport,
The both of them were at a stalemate for several seconds. Roxanne clenched her teeth and averted her gaze. Subsequently, she relaxed her body and leaned against his arm.
Cautiously and slowly, Lucian helped her toward the exit.
Exiting the airport, Roxanne struggled a few times. "Thank you, Mr. Farwell. I'm fine. You can let go of me now."
Lucian continued to support her and insisted, "I'll take you home."
"It's okay. I can take a cab home myself." Roxanne turned him down without any hesitation.
Her children knew that she had no feelings for Lucian. That was why she did not want them to
spot her with him and create an unnecessary misunderstanding.
However, she did not seem to have an upper hand in the current quandary she was in.
She was rather exhausted and had no more energy to break free from his embrace.
Left with no choice, she caved in to Lucian.
As expected, the latter did not let her have her way. He made her walk to the parking lot, where Cayden had been waiting for them.
When Cayden saw the duo walking out fogether, he was puzzled. Soon, he figured out what was probably going on.
It's no wonder Mr. Farwell went there personally even though it was just a petty matter. He even stayed there for so long. I guess I've got my answer now.
Cayden opened the car door and invited them into the car. Then he returned to the driver's seat. "Mr. Farwell, should I send Ms. Jarvis home first?" he asked with a smile. Lucian simply hummed in response.
Roxanne furrowed her brows upon hearing Cayden's question. She could sense that something was amiss.
Cayden seems to be implying that Lucian and I are close..
Once the engine was revved up, Roxanne leaned against the car door, trying her best to rest and regain some energy.
None of them uttered a single word throughout the journey.
When they arrived at an intersection near the mansion, Roxanne broke the silence. "Please drop me here. I'll walk home myself."
She did not want her two children to see her coming home with Lucian.
Needless to say, Cayden immediately stared at the rear mirror to check on Lucian's response.
Seeing the latter's blank face, Cayden continued driving until he arrived at the gate of Roxanne's house. 
###Chapter 425
Archie and Benny dragged Madilyn to the door the moment they heard some noises at the gate.
They opened the door as soon as the car pulled over at the entrance. The three of them were completely baffled to see the car that stopped at the porch.
This car looks somewhat familiar.
Roxanne could see the curious gazes of the trio in the car. Instantly, she felt a headache coming her way.
While she was still debating how to explain herself, the man next to her opened the car door.
Upon recollecting herself, she wanted to open the door. Only then that she realized that it was already open.
"You're home." Lucian reminded her of her predicament with an outstretched arm.
Roxanne clenched her jaw and wanted to hop out of the car from another side.
Lucian's voice sounded again. "I suppose you wouldn't want your two children to see you fall down, right?"
Roxanne's body stiffened at once.
Though she had not regained much of her strength, she did not want Archie and Benny to see her being so close to Lucian.
Ultimately, she did not want to embarrass herself in front of her kids.
After what seemed like forever, Roxanne decided to hold Lucian's arm as he assisted her out of the car slowly.
Realization finally dawned on the two boys when they saw Lucian. It's Daddy!
It had been a while since they had last seen Lucian. They had forgotten it was his car.
I thought Mommy doesn't like Daddy? Why is she with him?
At that thought, the boys stared at Lucian warily.
They were worried when they saw Roxanne being assisted by Lucian as she got down from the car. Immediately, they let go of Madilyn's hand and rushed over to Roxanne. Trailing behind her, they asked in a concerned tone, "Mommy, what happened to you?"
Roxanne forced a smile when she saw how anxious her boys were. "I had motion sickness on the plane, but I'll be fine once I get some sleep."
Madilyn went up to her and shifted her gaze to Lucian. "How did it get so serious!
Roxanne shook her head and siowly stopped in her tracks.
The observant Lucian noticed her action and stopped as well.
Thanks for taking me home, Mr. Farwell. I'll let you go instead of inviting you inside." Roxanne flashed him a polite yet distant smile before offering a hand to Madilyn. "Help me, Madilyn." Hearing that, Madilyn held her hand and got hold of her.
Lucian merely frowned and did not let go of her.
Archie and Benny went up to him and offered to take Roxanne's hand.
Faced with the two munchkins and coupled with the words uttered by Roxanne on the plane, Lucian reluctantly released his grip in the end.
Archie let Benny hold their mother's hand while he turned to look at Lucian. He pulled a long face as he questioned his father. "What happened to Mommy? Why are you with her?" Lucian found it amusing that the little one was interrogating him like a protective cub protecting its food. At the same time, he could not ignore the fact that Archie was wary of him. Just like Roxanne, the two boys never let their guards down when Lucian was around.
"I was on the same flight as your mommy. After getting off the plane, I noticed that she was unwell. So I sent her home," Lucian explained to Archie patiently.
Archie looked him in the eyes for a while. Since he could not tell if Lucian was telling a lie, he assumed it to be true. 
###Chapter 426
When Roxanne saw that Archie was standing very close to Lucian, she quickly called out to him, "Let's head in, Archie."
The little boy nodded obediently and withdrew his gaze from Lucian. Then he followed Roxanne into the house.
Madilyn held her bestie carefully. "Is it true that you felt nauseous? I don't remember you having motion sickness in the past."
The two ladies had known each other for years. However, it was the very first time that Madilyn had heard Roxanne speak about her motion sickness, and a severe one, too.
Roxanne was afraid that her condition would frighten her children. Thus, she nodded lightly at them and added, "I was already unwell earlier today."
With that, Madilyn dropped the topic and assisted her into the mansion.
Lucian stood at the gate, the emotions in his eyes unfathomable
"Ms. Jarvis, Mr. Farwell is still outside." Lysa was cooking dinner when Roxanne walked in. She noticed how feeble Roxanne was and dashed over to check on her. At one glance, she could see that Lucian was still standing on their front porch.
Roxanne frowned and simply gave her a laconic reply. "Shut the door, please."
She had no intention of getting entangled with that man.
Lysa was clueless about their affairs. She had always thought that the couple was on good terms because Lucian seemed to be very caring toward Roxanne.
At one point, she even had the impression that they would be together.
Since Roxanne was obviously giving Lucian the cold shoulder, Lysa assumed that the two had a falling out over some issues.
She felt bad when she glanced at Lucian before closing the gate.
With the doors closing in front of him, Lucian retracted his gaze and returned to the car. Subsequently, he instructed Cayden to send him back to the Farwell residence.
Essie should be home now at this hour.
Meanwhile, inside the mansion, Lysa helped Madilyn to walk Roxanne back to the bedroom. Archie and Benny served her a glass of hot water sweetly and nestled closely around her bed, staring at her intently Roxanne flashed the children a comforting smile. "I'm all right. I just need to get some rest, and I'll recover in no time. You two go out and play, okay?"
The two of them exchanged a glance, both feeling perturbed.
Madilyn chimed in, "Go ahead and leave her to me."
Then she signaled Lysa to usher the kids outside.
Archie and Benny had no choice but to leave the bedroom reluctantly.
As soon as the door was shut, Madilyn put on a solemn face and bombarded her bestie with a series of questions. "You'd better come clean with me now. What happened? You were perfectly fine when you attended the banquet yesterday. How is it possible that you became so sick today? Also, did you really run into Lucian?"
Roxanne felt slightly exasperated having to attend to the relentless interrogation of her best friend before she could recuperate. "It's really just a coincidence. There was a minor accident on the flight back which startled me and caused me to become like this. Don't tell the boys. I don't want them to worry."
Madilyn stared at her for a while. The suspicion in her eyes was replaced with sympathy. "All right, I got it. I know what to do. It's just that you and Lucian..."
Madilyn was well aware of what happened between them.
Six years ago, Roxanne had fled to a faraway place because of Lucian's hostility against her.
Now that she was back, the man had been acting like a completely different person. Not only did he keep showing up around Roxanne, but his attitude toward her had also improved tremendously. Madilyn could not wrap her head around the changes in Lucian. She could only pray hard that Roxanne would not let history repeat itself. 
###Chapter 427
Although Roxanne had repeated multiple times that she felt fine, Madilyn could not feel at ease. and hence, she examined her body thoroughly.
In the end, she concluded that Roxanne had mild post-traumatic stress. With sufficient rest, she would surely recover.
Roxanne did not want the kids to speculate, so she went downstairs after getting a short rest.
Right then, Lysa was serving dinner. She was about to head upstairs and check if Roxanne wanted to join them, only to realize that Roxanne was already up.
"How are you feeling? Can you eat these? Otherwise, I can make you some soup." Lysa was very concerned.
Roxanne's face was no longer as pale as before. She shook her head and replied, "Don't trouble yourself. I don't have much appetite, anyway. I can eat anything that's already been prepared." With that, she took her seat at the dining table.
Archie and Benny, who were in the living room, dashed over to surround Roxanne the moment they heard her voice.
As their gazes met, Roxanne ruffled their hair. "Don't worry. I'm all good after getting a good nap."
The two kids looked away. They were still downcast, and their eyes were filled with concern.
They had always been with Roxanne since they were young and had seen her flying everywhere for work. Thus, they knew very well that she did not have any motion sickness.
They wondered what went wrong during the flight home.
Seeing that both her sons were unhappy, Roxanne shot Madilyn a helpless glance to request her intervention
She was in a dilemma. She could not tell her sons the truth, yet she was not in the capacity to come up with a better excuse.
CUSC
Upon sensing her request for help, Madilyn looked at the boys and casually cleared her throat. "I've checked your mommy's condition. Thankfully, there's nothing serious that we need to worry about. She just needs some rest, and she'll recover well. Do you think I would lie to you?"
Archie and Benny shook their heads vigorously.
Roxanne beamed in gratification when she saw how caring her little boys were. She smiled and said, "I'll drive you two to the kindergarten tomorrow."
Archie and Benny froze for a second and then widened their eyes in surprise. "Really?"
In addition to being busy at work, Roxanne had been avoiding Estella. She had not been sending
the boys to kindergarten since the last time she had told Estella that they were going to migrate overseas.
1. S.
Archie and Benny were okay about it because they could still see Roxanne after school.
However, they felt horrible whenever they saw Estella's disappointed face.
Now that Roxanne said she would go to the kindergarten with them, the boys felt so happy for Estella.
Mommy is taking us to the kindergarten tomorrow. That means she'll recover by then. Yay!
Seeing how excited the kids were, Roxanne nodded. "I'll grow a long nose like Pinocchio if I lie to you."
Instantly, the boys grinned from ear to ear and started digging in.
Madilyn stayed back for a while after dinner. When the kids went to bed, she ensured that Roxanne was comfortably tucked in bed before getting ready to leave.
"Call me if you still feel unwell tomorrow. I'll take the boys to the kindergarten," Madilyn said.
Roxanne merely smiled and responded, "Okay. Sorry for troubling you again for the past two days."
Madilyn shot her a reproachful look. "Am I not their godmother? It's part of my responsibility to care for them. You, on the other hand, get a good rest and get well soon."
Roxanne nodded with a smile and watched as she left. 
###Chapter 428
Meanwhile, Estella was sprawled on the coffee table, playing with Legos when Lucian returned to
the manor.
As she spent a lot of time with Archie and Benny, she was influenced by their habits and had gotten Lucian to buy her plenty of Legos. Taking into consideration that she would be playing alone, Lucian had bought her a smaller set that fitted perfectly on the coffee table. Seeing him enter, Estella glanced at the door and got to her feet to welcome him. However, all she did was stand by his side and stared at him in silence. At the sight of her, Lucian couldn't help but be reminded of Roxanne.
Despite her being overwhelmed by fear on the plane, all she could think of were Archie and Benny. Little does she know that Essie is her daughter too.
Holding that thought, Lucian stroked Estella's head bitterly.
"Ms. Jarvis," Estella called out all of a sudden.
Stunned, Lucian met her gaze with a frown and gradually retracted his hand.
Estella, with her lips pursed and looking upset, reached out to grab his hand and commented in a piping voice, "The smell on your hand... It belongs to Ms. Jarvis."
Lucian lowered his head to look at his hand.
Roxanne had held his hand throughout the entire journey on the plane just now.
Wrinkling her nose to take a sniff, Estella walked up to Lucian slowly and stated earnestly, "Daddy, you smell like Ms. Jarvis too."
Having said that, she pouted unhappily.
Since Daddy is carrying Ms. Jarvis' scent, they must have met each other. I have not seen her in a very long time.
Estella gave her father an angry look before storming back upstairs without a word.
Puzzled by her sudden anger, Lucian hurried after her.
Fuming, Estella hugged her knees as she sat on the carpet in the room. Upon hearing footsteps at the door, she quickly looked up before recovering her gaze just as swiftly. "Are you angry?" Lucian asked in a deep voice.
Estella threw him a glance, then turned her head in the opposite direction in resentment.
Ms. Jarvis has been avoiding me because of Daddy. But now that she has met with Daddy, she's still
unwilling to see me.
As Estella's father, Lucian could more or less guess what was on her mind. "You don't want Ms. Tarvis to leave, no? I, too, am racking my brains to get her to stay. That's why I met up with her. I have her scent on me because she wasn't feeling well after coming back. So I sent her back after
that."
Estella, who was giving Lucian a dubious look, was filled with concern the moment she heard Roxanne was unwell. "What happened to Ms. Jarvis?"
Worried that she would be traumatized by the events on the plane, Lucian said, "It's nothing, really. She's just feeling under the weather."
Estella, with her lips pursed, looked at Lucian in disbelief. "I want to visit Ms. Jarvis!"
1, too, want to see Ms. Jarvis!
Lucian cocked a brow in response.
Considering Rozanne's stance, I'm afraid she doesn't want to see me again. It's just that she has a soft spot for Essie. If I take Essie along, then perhaps... Lucian curled his lips mysteriously and agreed to Estella's request. "Fine. I'll take you there tomorrow."
Estella was dumbstruck. He did not expect him to agree readily.
"Rest early now. You still have school tomorrow. We'll go over in the morning." Lucian tousled her hair.
Only then did Estella regain her senses. Looking forward to seeing Roxanne the next day, she nodded obediently. 
###Chapter 429
Roxanne felt a lot better when she woke up the next morning. Recalling that she was to send the children to the kindergarten, she got up and washed up before opening the door to head downstairs. Just as she did, she was greeted by the sight of the two boys at the door.
Looking forward to their mother sending them to kindergarten, the excited Archie and Benny had woken up early to wait at Roxanne's door.
Their initial plan was to knock and wake her up, but they decided against it, as she wasn't feeling well. Not wanting to disturb her rest, they resigned themselves to waiting outside.
When Roxanne came out of her room, the boys' eyes lit up. "Mommy!"
Roxanne stroked their heads. "Come along now. Let's have breakfast before I send you to the kindergarten."
Both of them nodded as they held Roxanne's hand, one on each side of her. Every now and then, they would look up at her to ascertain if she had fully recovered.
When they arrived downstairs, Lysa had already prepared breakfast. Madilyn, too, was already seated at the table.
At the sight of them, Madilyn got to her feet and looked at Roxanne. "How are you feeling?"
"A lot better." Roxanne smiled. "I'll send them to the kindergarten later."
Madilyn nodded in relief. "I'll head out first, then."
She had dropped by first thing in the morning because of her concern for Roxanne's health.
Roxanne was about to invite her to stay for breakfast when Madilyn said, "I've already eaten. You guys enjoy your breakfast. I'll take my leave now."
Roxanne didn't insist upon hearing Madilyn's words.
After bidding the boys goodbye, Madilyn turned and left.
Subsequently, Roxanne seated the children at the dining table before attempting to serve them food.
However, the two boys beat her to it by serving her breakfast and urged her in their
squeaky voices, "Mommy, please dig in."
Roxanne was briefly stunned, but quickly, she broke into a warm smile. "Thank you. Darlings."
Suddenly, the doorbell rang while they were having their breakfast.
Thinking that it was Madilyn who had come back, Roxanne told the boys to continue eating while she went to get the door.
The moment she saw who it was, Roxanne was stunned.
Lucian, dressed sharply in a suit with his hair combed meticulously, was standing at the door. He was holding Estella's hand and staring at Roxanne meaningfully.
As for Estella, she was looking at Roxanne blankly, her eyes filled with concern.
The father and daughter stood motionless at the door.
It took Roxanne a while to regain her senses. She furrowed her brows at Lucian and said, "Mr. Farwell, what are you doing here so early in the morning?".
Unable to bring herself to glower at Estella, she could only confront Lucian.
No sooner had she spoken than she felt her sleeve being tugged by Estella.
She looked down and could see the concern brimming in Estella's eyes.
When they made eye contact, Estella asked carefully, "Ms. Jarvis, are you feeling better?"
Roxanne was stunned by the question. She had no idea what Estella was asking about.
Noticing the confusion on Roxanne's face, Lucian explained in a deep voice, "When I came home yesterday, Essie caught your scent on me and asked about what happened. I had no choice but to tell her you weren't feeling well."
Roxanne frowned slightly. "I'm fine. Why did you have to tell her?"
She only didn't want Estella to worry, but the latter pouted aggrievedly, thinking that Roxanne didn't want to see her. 
###Chapter 430
Roxanne's words caused Lucian to cock his brow as he looked down at Estella, whose hand he was holding.
Estella, visibly nervous, was hanging her head in dejection as she tightened her grip on his hand.
Trailing his gaze and noticing the disappointment on Estella's face, Roxanne felt her heart melt.
In the past, Estella would have jumped with joy at the sight of her. But on that day, she looked apprehensive and was wary of getting close.
It must be because I told her to keep her distance before I went overseas the last time. Archie and Benny have been talking about her when they are home. She must be missing me.
Roxanne sighed in her heart. She leaned closer to stroke Estella's hair before consoling her, "I'm all right. I just didn't want you to worry. Look, don't I look fine to you?"
Estella, feeling the warmth from Roxanne's palm, briefly hesitated before pursing her lips and raising her head to stare at the latter.
The moment their eyes met, Roxanne's tender smile brimmed with affection.
Only then did Estella gradually curl her lips, albeit lacking in courage to approach Roxanne still.
Seeing that Roxanne didn't return after a long while, the curious Archie and Benny went to the door to check.
When they saw the two visitors at the door, both of them exchange hesitant glances.
They were delighted to see Essie but were reluctant to let Lucian come in.
They felt conflicted and didn't know how to face the visitors.
"Mommy." After a moment's hesitation, they finally came up to Roxanne.
She threw both of them a glance. "Have you finished your breakfast?"
Nodding obediently, they flashed Estella a smile before giving Lucian a wary look. "Mr. Farwell, what are you doing here?"
With a slight frown, Lucian replied earnestly, "It's not me. It's Essie."
Estella nodded in acknowledgment, giving the brothers a pitiful stare.
She could sense their hostility toward Lucian, and she didn't like it. She hoped they would like both Roxanne and Lucian, just like her.
Meeting Estella's sad eyes, the brothers knitted their brows in silence.
Roxanne turned her attention to Estella. "Essie, have you had breakfast? Why don't you come in and join us?"
Delighted by the invitation, Estella gave Roxanne a fervent nod.
Roxanne stroked Estella's hair while smiling before extending her hand to the latter.
With a glint in his eyes, Lucian released Estella's hand without a word and followed them into the living room.
As the brothers were done with their breakfast, they sat in the living room and waited for Roxanne and Estella to finish theirs while keeping an eye on Lucian.
Even though Lucian felt helpless underneath the brothers' watchful eyes, he didn't react in any way and allowed them to continue monitoring him.
In the dining room, Estella, who had actually had her breakfast before coming, simply wanted to spend more time with Roxanne.
During the meal, she would check on Roxanne every now and then. When she saw that the latter still looked pale, she would serve her more food out of concern. Having been cared for by the children for the entire morning, Roxanne felt touched but guilty at the same time.
Despite Estella's affection for her, she had no choice but to stay away from her because of Lucian. 
###Chapter 431
After finishing breakfast with mixed feelings, Roxanne led Estella out of the dining room.
She had barely stepped out when she noticed the prevailing tension in the living room.
The brothers were kneeling on the couch with stern looks on their faces, keeping a close eye on Lucian who was standing at the side as if he had gravely offended them. When she saw the boys' expressions, Roxanne couldn't help frowning.
She had assumed that they resented Lucian because of her.
However, she recalled that they had been fine with him the very first time all of them met.
As of then, her only goal was to stay away from Lucian, but the brothers seemed to be holding a grudge against him.
No matter how hard she tried, Roxanne couldn't figure out the reason why.
When the brothers saw Roxanne leading Estella out, they shifted their gazes away
from Lucian and welcomed the two with vibrant smiles. "Mommy!"
Setting her thoughts aside, Roxanne reciprocated with a grin of her own.
Archie and Benny gave Estella a warm look. "Is Essie going to kindergarten with us?" Roxanne glanced at Lucian.
That was what she had decided during breakfast, but she was unsure of his stance.
Without a word, Lucian stepped right out of the door.
Stunned, Roxanne led the children out and saw Lucian looking at them from his car.
She lowered her head to look at Estella, who let go of her hand.
Estella ran up to Lucian's car and stood by the window, giving him a pitiful look. She wanted to be by Roxanne's side.
Lucian could naturally tell what his daughter was thinking and also sense the guilt Roxanne felt for the girl. Thus, he gave his permission. "You can ride with Ms. Jarvis. With her eyes glistening in delight, Estella skipped happily back to Roxanne's side.
"Ms. Jarvis, Daddy said I can go with you!"
Sighing in relief, Roxanne tousled Estella's hair and brought Estella to her car.
She had assumed that Lucian would leave after handing Estella over.
However, right after she settled the children into the car, she noticed the Bentley in front of them gradually pulling away and driving in the direction of the kindergarten. Roxanne followed the Bentley from behind, puzzled.
On the way, the car was filled with the children's excited voices.
Estella was visibly ecstatic, as she was a lot chattier than usual. After all, it had been a while since she had gone to kindergarten with the brothers.
Roxanne couldn't help but think about her dinner with Jonathan the weekend before. He had mentioned Estella's recent mood swings to her.
Back then, he had even suggested that Estella's condition might improve if Roxanne stayed with her.
At that moment, she could tell that he was right.
Nonetheless, she had no right to keep Estella by her side, and Sonya would never allow it.
When she saw Estella's vibrant smile in the rearview mirror, a sense of reluctance descended upon her. In fact, she began to wish for their journey to be longer. Before Estella could have enough fun, the kindergarten came into their view.
As she watched the Bentley gradually come to a stop, Roxanne, too, stopped her car some distance away before getting out of the car with the children.
At the same time, Lucian, with a pink school bag in his hand, alighted from his car and approached them.
It was then that Roxanne remembered that Estella's school bag was in his car.
What on earth is in that mind of his? He could've handed me the bag and gone straight to the office. 
###Chapter 432
Just as Roxanne reach out to take Estella's bag, Lucian retracted his hand with an emotionless expression. He turned around and walked in front of them. "Let's go."
Roxanne regained her senses only when the children gave her sleeve a tug. She held their hands and followed Lucian from behind.
Pippa was already waiting at the kindergarten entrance.
At the sight of the group, she smiled and said to Roxanne, "Ms. Jarvis, it's been a long time since I saw you."
Lysa or Madilyn had been the ones to bring the children to school recently. There was no denying that some time had passed since Roxanne had last come.
"It has indeed been a while," Roxanne replied. "Did Archie and Benny give you any trouble in class?"
Pippa quickly waved her hands. "Both of them are the most obedient students in class. There's nothing for you to worry about."
Relieved by that, Roxanne handed the children over to Pippa.
Estella, however, grabbed Roxanne's hand and refused to let go.
She was reluctant to part with the latter as a long time had passed since they had last seen each other.
Even though Roxanne felt her heart melt over Estella's reluctance to part, she had to steel herself and pry open the little girl's hands. After all, classes were about to start, while she, too, had to go to work. "Be a good girl, Essie. I have to go to work now. Why don't you play with Archie and Benny?"
Displeasure was written all over Estella's face.
Seeing that, Archie and Benny quickly held Estella's hand and comforted her, "We'll play with you, Essie. There's no need to be sad."
Estella wanted to ask Roxanne if she could stay instead of going back overseas, but she decided against it, as she was afraid of being disappointed by the answer.
As Estella refused to go in, Roxanne couldn't bear to leave as well.
Just when she felt lost, Lucian discreetly walked into the space between her and
Estella, blocking the latter's view.
"Ms. Jarvis and I still have to go to work. Since it's time for class now, you should go in together with the brothers." Lucian leaned forward to help Estella wear her school bag. He put his hands on her shoulders authoritatively and turned her around.
It was only then that Estella trudged into the kindergarten behind Archie and Benny.
Looking at the children's backs, Roxanne sighed to herself. She forced a smile to bid Pippa goodbye before turning around to return to her car.
Just when she had taken two steps, Lucian's voice rang out from behind her. "Are you feeling better?"
The reason he had agreed to bring Estella to see Roxanne was also to check on the latter's condition. However, they hadn't had the opportunity to speak prior to that moment.
Hearing that, Roxanne felt a strange sensation in her heart.
Lucian, whose eyes had darkened, was about to continue when he saw her turn around to give him a look.
"I'm feeling a lot better. Thank you for your concern, Mr. Farwell." Roxanne gave him a distant look. "Also, I hope you'll avoid bringing Essie to my house going forward. It puts me in a difficult position." Roxanne might not be able to say those words to Estella, but she had no problems doing so to Lucian.
Lucian's face fell. "You should save those words for Essie. Besides, you, too, are aware of her condition. Once she kicks up a fuss, I have no choice but to give in to her."
With that, he got into his car before Roxanne could react. 
###Chapter 433
During his drive, Roxanne's scathing words continued to fill his mind.
He had thought that bringing Estella to see her would cause her heart to waver. Yet little did he expect her to be so stone-hearted.
Despite Essie's concern for her, she could still say something as harsh as not to bring Essie to see her anymore. Roxanne truly hates the sight of me.
When Lucian arrived at the office, his expression was as gloomy as ever.
"Mr. Farwell," Cayden greeted respectfully. "Mr. Queen came by in the morning and is waiting in your office."
Getting a grip of himself, Lucian nodded in acknowledgment before walking to his office with Cayden following closely behind.
The moment he stepped in, he saw Jonathan sitting languidly on the couch with some documents beside him.
At the sight of Lucian, Jonathan picked up the papers with a smile and took a seat opposite the former at his desk. With a raised brow, he inquired, "Why are you late today?" Lucian furrowed his brows. "I dropped Estella off at the kindergarten."
Jonathan nodded knowingly, then handed him the documents and began their discussion on the project.
Due to the two families' close relationship and the many happy collaborations they had previously shared, the two men managed to wrap up their discussion quickly.
Despite getting the conclusion he was looking for, Jonathan didn't leave at once. Instead, he shifted the topic over to Roxanne. "By the way, my contact in Summerbank has called me, saying that the partnership negotiations with Dr. Jarvis have been completed. From the looks of it, everything is proceeding smoothly."
Jonathan was indirectly trying to claim credit from Lucian.
At the mention of Roxanne, Lucian couldn't help but think of her earlier words, which caused a gloomy expression to descend upon his face.
Baffled by his friend's reaction, which was the opposite of what he had expected, Jonathan wrinkled his brows. "Why do you look upset when I bring up Dr. Jarvis? Did something happen between the two of you that I don't know of?"
Before Lucian could respond, Jonathan advised him in a solemn tone, "Everyone knows how you treated Dr. Jarvis back then. Consequently, you will have to be patient in your quest to win her back. Also, don't forget that she's a woman and also Essie's birth mother. That alone requires you to bear with her."
"I know," Lucian replied noncommittally.
Having only received a cursory answer to his well-intentioned advice, Jonathan was momentarily stunned. "What do you know?"
Lucian swept a glance at him. "The collaboration with Roxanne is going well."
In other words, everything Jonathan had said just now was for naught.
Jonathan sighed in resignation. Suddenly struck by the meaning behind Lucian's words, he gave him a puzzled look. "How did you know?"
All this while, I have been responsible for liaising with the medicinal herb supplier from Summerbank. As for Roxanne, she will definitely not inform Lucian of the matter on her own accord.
Holding that thought, Jonathan gave his friend a suspicious look.
Did he get his men to spy on Dr. Jarvis?
"I went to Summerbank in the last two days and only returned yesterday," Lucian said casually.
Surprised, Jonathan gave the matter further thought and realized that the period Lucian had traveled coincided with Roxanne's.
On top of that, he recalled Lucian asking him specifically for the time of Roxanne's visit to Summerbank.
In that case, it does make sense if Lucian, too, traveled to Summerbank after learning of Roxanne's trip. Furthermore, he would definitely have attended the banquet held on that particular evening 
###Chapter?434
"No wonder you asked me previously about when Dr. Jarvis was traveling to Summerbank. And yet, I was thinking that you were pestering me about my job. Little did I expect that it was for selfish reasons!" Jonathan teased Lucian when he finally connected the dots.
Lucian responded with a silent but grim look on his face.
I did do it for my own selfish reasons, but Roranne wasn't grateful at all.
Raising his brows, Jonathan pressed on, "In that case, you must have attended the banquet that night. So, how did it go? Did you make any progress with her?"
As soon as he said those words, he saw the gloomy look on Lucian's face.
Looks like it's obvious that there isn't any improvement at all.
Jonathan was still confounded by the situation.
Despite all that Lucian has done to pursue her, why is she still unmoved? This is the first time I have seen Lucian put so much effort into courting a lady. Anyone else in Roxanne's position would have thrown herself unreservedly into his arms. For Dr. Jarvis to have caused Lucian so much grief, she truly is one of a kind. That aside, what's this friend of mine thinking? Why won't he give up on the woman who keeps infuriating him?
Confused by it all, Jonathan couldn't help but ask, "Is she still ignoring you like before?"
Lucian furrowed his brows and remained silent.
"Lucian, what do you plan to do about Dr. Jarvis? You've done so much for her, but she continues to disregard your feelings. Are you sure you want to keep this up?" Jonathan just couldn't imagine how much his friend coveted Roxanne.
At the side, Cayden, who had heard the comment, snuck a glance at Lucian and recalled Roxanne's frosty attitude toward his boss,
Ever since she returned to the Chanaea, he had always been there to witness all of Lucian and Roxanne's interactions. It was obvious to him that Roxanne was trying her best to avoid Lucian. Yet, Lucian had never stopped showing his concern for her.
This time, it looks like Mr. Farwell's feelings are for real.
With that thought in mind, Cayden tactfully replied on behalf of Lucian. "Mr. Queen,
considering how well you know Mr. Farwell, I'm sure it's obvious to you how serious he is in getting Ms. Jarvis to stay by his side."
Just as he spoke, both men turned toward Lucian to see his reaction.
Lucian's ensuing silence was an implicit acknowledgment of Cayden's words.
Jonathan pondered a moment before replying with a smile, "In that case, I'll definitely help you come up with a plan. Didn't you previously mention that you wanted me to get her to stay instead of going overseas?"
Lucian cocked his brow slightly, cognizant of what Jonathan's plan was.
"Now that the issues at the research institute have been resolved, Dr. Jarvis would likely return overseas once the institute's collaboration with the few companies has stabilized," Jonathan analyzed calmly.
Lucian's face darkened.
It's true that considering her current attitude toward me, she will leave without hesitation once her job is done. If I don't send someone to keep an eye on her, she could leave without me knowing. The thought of Roxanne disappearing from his life again caused him to furrow his brows. He asked Jonathan, "What do you suggest?"
Sensing his friend's anger, Jonathan cracked a confident smile. "Don't forget about what I do for a living. As someone from the medical industry, I know better than anyone else what Dr. Jarvis wants. If I'm not mistaken, she specializes in traditional medicine. In that case, there's no way she will refuse the opportunity I'm going to provide her with." 
###Chapter?435
Seeing that Jonathan was full of confidence, Lucian asked, “What is it? Stop keeping me in suspense." ;
Jonathan broke into a casual smile. "To further develop traditional medicine, our country provides the best environment to do so. I'm sure that was Dr. Jarvis' ive when she chose to return. It's just..." Here, Jonathan threw Lucian a glance. There was no need for him to finish his sentence.
Roxanne had come back to Chanaea so that she could expand the field of traditional medicine. Unfortunately, she didn't expect to run into the Farwell family and be forced to leave.
Meeting Jonathan's gaze, the frustrated Lucian grimaced.
"But if the proposition is attractive enough, I'm sure Dr. Jarvis will be willing to stay for the sake of traditional medicine research," Jonathan said. "I'm sure you have heard about the prestigious families who live in seclusion within Chanaea. Among them, the Damaris family used to cause waves within the field of ancient medicine. Unfortunately, they gradually faded out of the public eye. But they have recently prepared to come out of seclusion to provide medical consultation. I'm sure Dr. Jarvis will be interested in the matter."
Even Lucian couldn't help but be shocked when he heard about the Damaris family.
At present, the most prestigious family within the medical fraternity in Horington was the Queen family. Even then, they paled in comparison to the Damaris family.
For generations, the Damaris family had worked closely with traditional medicine practitioners. In fact, legend had it that their ancestor was once a royal doctor who not only possessed extraordinary medical skills but had kept a collection of books on ancient medicine from the palace. Subsequently, these books were handed down through the generations to this day.
Whenever someone doubted the family's heritage, they would prove their skills and the authenticity of their medical books, humiliating their detractors in the process.
At present, those ancient medicine books had naturally become priceless treasures.
Having stayed away from the limelight for a long period of time, the Damaris family had been revealing themselves slowly again. Every few years, they would send someone out to provide medical consultation although the time was never fixed. Whoever needed their services would have to rely on luck.
Despite being one of the most prestigious families in Horington's medical circle, the Queen family only got wind of the matter because of Alfred's relationship with the Damaris family.
Since Roxanne specialized in traditional medicine, she would definitely have heard of the Damaris family.
Therefore, if she were to learn about the Damaris family's medical consultation, it might be reason enough for her to stay back in Chanaea.
When Jonathan saw the thoughtful expression on his friend's face, he dropped another bomb with a smile. "On top of that, the Damaris family isn't just stopping at providing medical consultation this time. I heard that after the event, they plan to set up a research institute in Chanaea to further expand the influence of traditional medicine. They will be looking for other organizations to collaborate with. In my opinion, other than Dr. Jarvis' research institute, no one else is worthy enough to do so. I'm sure Dr. Jarvis will take the initiative to work with them once she learns of this news."
Putting aside the fact that he was trying to help out a friend, Jonathan meant what he said.
After all, he had seen Roxanne's medical skills with his very own eyes.
Throughout the years, none of the famous doctors from all over the world had been able to cure Alfred until Roxanne appeared.
No one else in Chanaea was more skilled than Roxanne when it came to traditional medicine.
Jonathan had planned to take advantage of the opportunity on behalf of Queen Group. After all, the Damaris family would probably work with them out of respect for Alfred. However, if Roxanne was to be his competitor, he was more than happy to step aside to give her the opportunity.
After all, Queen Group was already working with Roxanne's research institute and would, by association, be collaborating with the Damaris family too. 
###Chapter?436
Chapter 436 After Lucian heard Jonathan's explanation, his expression began to soften.
He was well aware of Roxanne's personality. Traditional medicine was undoubtedly one of the most important things in Roxanne's life.
If such an opportunity were to fall into her hands, Roxanne would most definitely choose to stay in Chanaea and fight for the chance to collaborate with the Damaris family "What do you think of my idea?" Jonathan smiled proudly.
A small smile appeared on Lucian's face. "Not bad. If you can make her stay, I'll owe you a favor."
Farwell Group did not venture deep into the medical industry and did not have many connections with the Damaris family. In other words, Lucian did not have much say in that matter.
Even if he did manage to score Roxanne an opportunity with the Damaris family, Roxanne might still reject the offer if Lucian was the one telling her about it. It would be too huge of a loss if that were to happen.
However, if Jonathan was the one who brought Roxanne the news, it would seem a lot more official.
Jonathan arched an eyebrow slyly in response. "You can repay me by giving me a monetary gift when you two get married."
With that, Jonathan stood up and left before Lucian could say another word.
After Jonathan exited Farwell Group, he did not go back to his company. Instead, he headed straight for the Queen residence.
He had thought through the plan and decided that it would be far more convincing if Alfred were to tell Roxanne the news instead of himself.
If Alfred personally informed Roxanne about the opportunity, chances were she would not think there was anything else to it.
As Jonathan stepped foot into the house, Alfred was exercising with the help of a caregiver. Upon seeing Jonathan's sudden return, Alfred asked in confusion, "You're back already? Is there no more work back at the office?"
Jonathan walked over to help support Alfred's other arm with a smile. "Actually, Grandpa, I'm here to discuss something with you."
Alfred nodded slightly. "Go ahead."
"It's about the medical consultation held by the Damaris family. Is it all right if I ask you to talk to the Damaris family about Dr. Jarvis so that she can join the consultation?" Jonathan asked.
Alfred was acquainted with the Damaris family. He might have a say in the medical consultation.
Immediately, Alfred nodded. "Of course. I have already intended to do so even if you didn't ask me to."
The Queen family had been in the business of supplying herbs for ages. That being said, the family had impeccable respect for traditional medicine.
In all his years in the industry, Alfred had never met anyone else as established in traditional medicine as Roxanne at such a young age, except for the Damaris family.
Needless to say, Alfred would not miss such a golden opportunity.
Moreover, Alfred could see Roxanne's passion for traditional medicine and knew how precious the opportunity would be to Roxanne.
The moment Alfred found out that the Damaris family would be having a medical consultation, he had already planned to introduce Roxanne to the Damaris family.
Seeing that Alfred shared the same train of thought, Jonathan breathed a soft sigh of relief. "So... regarding the partnership with the Damaris family at the research institute..." he asked cautiously, testing the
waters.
Naturally, Alfred caught on to what Jonathan was implying. Instantly, he tossed a meaningful gaze at his grandson. "Do you have feelings for Dr. Jarvis?"
Jonathan was rendered speechless.
He had no other feelings for Roxanne except admiration.
Furthermore, Roxanne was someone Lucian had his eye on. How could Jonathan betray his friendship with Lucian by catching feelings for Roxanne?
To his dismay, everyone seemed to have a misunderstanding on that matter, and he was beyond exasperated.
At the sight of Jonathan's expression, Alfred realized that he had been mistaken and flashed his grandson an understanding smile. "Okay. Now, regarding the issue, the Damaris family are the ones looking for a partner. They will be the ones with the final say. I do not have much say in this matter."
"I'm just informing you beforehand. When it comes down to the Queen family and Dr. Jarvis, and the Damaris family chooses Dr. Jarvis' research institute over ours, please don't be disappointed."
Alfred merely chuckled nonchalantly. "Dr. Jarvis is a skilled competitor. Besides, if the Damaris family believes that she's a better fit, what is there for me to say? Don't worry. There will be no disappointments on my end."
Seeing how open-minded Alfred was regarding the matter, Jonathan felt relieved. "In that case, I will need your help to inform Dr. Jarvis about this opportunity."
Alfred agreed without any hesitation. 
###Chapter?437
That night, Roxanne went personally to the Queen residence to show her gratitude.
During dinnertime, Alfred conveniently brought up the news regarding the Damaris family. "Dr. Jarvis, the Damaris family is planning to have a medical consultation. Would you be interested in being a part of it? If you're interested, I can help introduce you to them."
The shock was written all over Roxanne's face.
Even though she had mostly been living overseas, the Damaris family was no stranger to her.
In the world of traditional medicine, the Damaris family was nothing short of legendary. The younger ones in the industry would always hear about the legacy of the Damaris family, yet they rarely stood a chance to meet them in person.
Because Roxanne had been overseas for so long, it was even harder for her to have any encounter with the Damaris family. Even so, she had longed to meet and interact with them.
After all, the Damaris family was extremely skilled in traditional medicine. The family also owned an array of books on traditional medicine that had been passed down from generation to generation. Everything regarding the Damaris family left Roxanne in awe.
For her to achieve the medical skills she had as of then, a huge contributing factor was the few ancient books on traditional medicine that Harvey owned.
The books owned by the Damaris family were far greater than the ones her professor owned. Every single book was so rare and precious that not even wealth can guarantee someone those books. To those who studied traditional medicine, those books were worth far more than gold or silver.
If she got a chance to read those books or even just to have the guidance of the elders of the Damaris family, Roxanne had no doubt that her medical skills would improve greatly.
Before she returned to Chanaea, Roxanne had planned to visit the Damaris family if given the chance.
To her disappointment, when she returned to Chanaea, she found out that the Damaris family had withdrawn themselves from society a couple of years ago. It seemed as though the family had stopped interacting with people that they did not know.
It would be near impossible for someone like her, a newbie without any foundation, to even touch the doorknob of the Damaris residence.
Adding the hindrance of Farwell Group into the picture, Roxanne had no choice but to give up on that plan of hers.
When she heard the offer being presented by Alfred, Roxanne felt as though she was dreaming. "I'm extremely interested, but would it be too much trouble for you? I.. heard that the Damaris family had not had any contact with strangers these past few years..."
At the sight of Roxanne's surprised expression and knowing her undeniable love for traditional medicine, Alfred was delighted. "I suppose you can say that I'm acquainted with the Damaris family. It shouldn't be too hard for me to score you a place in the medical consultation," Alfred reassured with a smile. "But if I were to curry favor on your behalf, you must perform exceptionally. Don't embarrass me."
Even after hearing Alfred's words, Roxanne was still a little hesitant. "Old Mr. Queen, the Queen family has already blessed me greatly. You don't need to do this for me."
Before she could even finish speaking, Alfred glared at her in disagreement.
Roxanne quickly went silent.
"You saved my life. You deserve every bit of the things the Queen family has given you. Plus, I'm willing to introduce you to the Damaris family. It's a decision I have put a lot of thought into. As a prestigious family in the medical world, people like me are supposed to support bright, young people like you. There aren't a lot of young people specializing in traditional medicine in Chanaea anymore. You have a lot of potential in you. If you can get the chance to interact with the Damaris family, it can serve as an opportunity for you to hone and improve your medical skills. If you miss this opportunity, even I will feel sorry for you!"
At this moment, Jonathan chimed in, "Indeed. Dr. Jarvis, I have seen your medical skills with my own eyes. Not to mention that the Damaris family is planning to build a research institute in Chanaea after the medical consultation, they're looking for a partner. If you can get their attention from the medical consultation, your research institute might stand a chance to collaborate with them."
Roxanne felt a tug in her chest when she heard the news. She instantly agreed, "In that case, thank you for giving me this opportunity, Old Mr. Queen! Don't worry. I will not let you down!" Alfred responded with a joyful grin.
At the same time, Jonathan secretly sighed in relief and immediately texted Lucian about the news. 
###Chapter?438
When Roxanne returned home from the Queen residence, Archie and Benny were already waiting for her in the house.
Uncharacteristically, the two boys did not welcome Roxanne at the door that night. Instead, they were seated on the couch and seemed to be in low spirits. No one knew what was going on inside their minds. Roxanne tossed Lysa a look of confusion.
Lysa shrugged helplessly in response. "They've been like this since I picked them up tonight."
Archie and Benny had been playing happily with Estella. However, the three of them suddenly turned gloomy when they saw Lysa walking toward them.
On their journey back home, it was evident that Archie and Benny were unhappy Until then, their spirits had not been lifted.
Roxanne was originally overjoyed and looking forward to the medical consultation by the Damaris family. However, when she saw the boys' dejected faces, the anticipation in her heart was quickly replaced by worry.
"What happened today? Did you guys have a fight with your friends?" Roxanne probed gently as she took a seat next to Archie and Benny.
Only when they heard the sound of her voice did the two boys look up at her. The disappointment was written all over their tiny faces.
Roxanne's heart could not help but ache. “What happened? Would you like to tell me?"
After a moment, Benny began to speak softly. "Mommy, why didn't you come to pick us up tonight?"
Archie, on the other hand, merely looked at her with his lips pursed.
Roxanne was dumbfounded. "I... I had something to do tonight. Someone has helped to solve the problem with the research institute. I had to go visit and thank them."
After that, she asked hesitantly, "Are you two unhappy because I didn't pick you guys
up?"
The two boys nodded in response.
Roxanne seldom sent them to kindergarten. When she had done so that morning,
the two boys thought that she would pick them up as well.
Estella, too, had thought the same. Because of that, Estella had been extremely excited throughout the entire day.
To their dismay, Roxanne was not the one to pick them up at night.
When Estella saw Lysa, her eyes turned red in disappointment.
Archie and Benny were upset at seeing the look on Estella's face.
They knew that Estella liked Roxanne, and Roxanne had been avoiding Estella lately. Even though Estella would still play with Archie and Benny in kindergarten, they could clearly tell that she was unhappy. Estella was overjoyed when she finally got to see Roxanne that morning. Her unwillingness to part with Roxanne that morning did not get unnoticed by the two kids.
Therefore, they were just as disappointed as Estella was when Roxanna did not pick them up that night.
Roxanne had no clue as to why Archie and Benny were upset.
Lysa and Madilyn had been sending them to kindergarten and picking them up previously because she had been busy, and the boys had never looked so disappointed before.
"Mommy, now that the issue with the research institute is settled, does that mean we're leaving the country soon?" Benny asked carefully.
He still remembered that Roxanne had told them that they would be leaving the country as soon as she finished her work in Chanaea.
By then, they would not be able to see Estella anymore. Likewise, Estella would not be able to meet Roxanne anymore either.
At that thought, the two boys lowered their heads miserably.
Hearing the boys mention the matter of leaving the country, Roxanne began to understand where the boys were coming from, Patting their heads gently, she flashed them a comforting smile. "Not yet. We might not be leaving so soon."
The boys' eyes lit up. "Really? Why?"
Roxanne's smile widened. "There's still something I need to do, so we'll still be staying in Chanaea. You two will need to take good care of Essie in kindergarten."
The two boys immediately bobbed their heads vigorously. The disappointment instantly vanished from their faces.
As long as they were still in Chanaea, Estella would still have the chance to meet Roxanne. 
###Chapter 439
Once Archie and Benny were comforted, Roxanne breathed out a sigh of relief.
After they finished eating, Roxanne sent Archie and Benny into their room before she entered the study.
According to Alfred, the medical consultation held by the Damaris family was in two days. She needed to understand more about the consultation in advance.
Before that, she had only heard of the medical consultations by the Damaris family, but she had never really looked into it, and neither had she imagined herself to be lucky enough to have the chance to participate in it.
Since the unexpected opportunity had landed in her hands, she was determined to perform well.
Without many leads for her to find out more about the process of the medical consultation, Roxanne could only use the most unreliable method-searching online
-and hope for the best. If she were lucky, she would be able to get a glimmer of information.
Unfortunately, the Damaris family was far too mysterious for the common men. Despite the fact that the Damaris family had held multiple medical consultations before, the information that could be obtained online was quite miserable.
After a long while of searching but to no avail, Roxanne resorted to giving Harvey a call.
Harvey answered the call in no time.
Without beating around the bush, Roxanne asked, "Professor Lambert, do you know anything about the Damaris family?"
Harvey was bewildered. "The Damaris family withdrew themselves from society a few years ago. Why the sudden question?"
"I heard that the Damaris family is having a medical consultation, so I was hoping to understand more about it. Unfortunately, there isn't a lot of information regarding them online, which is why I'm asking you. I was hoping that you could provide some useful information," explained Roxanne succinctly.
Upon hearing her explanation, Harvey responded with a hum before falling silent for a few seconds. After a while, he replied, "I have been overseas all these years. Unfortunately, I do not know much about the Damaris family either. However, if you want to know more about the family, I can recommend an online forum. The contents of those forums usually revolve around prestigious families in the world of traditional medicine. Hope it helps."
"Thank you, Professor Lambert," Roxanne replied with a smile.
Harvey smiled without giving it much thought before changing the subject. "Didn't you say you'll be coming back soon? How are things going in Chanaea? Do you need my help?" Harvey was in the loop about what had happened to Roxanne's research institute. However, he could not be of much assistance because of the great distance between them. Nevertheless, he had long prepared a project for Roxanne. As soon as she returned, she could immediately start working.
With an apologetic tone, Roxanne answered, "The issue with the research institute has been settled, but... I think I'll be staying here for a while longer. I want to wait until the medical consultation with the Damaris family is over."
If Roxanne could catch the attention of the Damaris family, her research institute would stand a chance to collaborate with them. Naturally, Roxanne would not let go of such an opportunity so easily. On the other end of the line, Harvey grunted with a smile. "But I'm here waiting for you to be part of my main force."
Another wave of guilt hit Roxanne. "My apologies, Professor Lambert.
Just as she was about to apologize, Harvey burst out laughing. "All right, I'm just kidding. I allowed you to go back to Chanaea because I was hoping that you would hone your skills in traditional medicine when you were there. Since such a golden opportunity has befallen you, as your professor, of course I want to wish you the best. I hope you perform well during the consultation. Don't embarrass me."
Roxanne's lips curled into an obedient smile. "Don't worry. I'll do my absolute best."
"Don't worry about me here. Whenever you plan to come back, just give me a ring," said Harvey sincerely.
Roxanne was touched. "Thank you, Professor."
After that, Harvey continued asking about Archie and Benny out of concern. Knowing that the boys were doing fine, Harvey finally hung up the phone in relief. 
###Chapter 440
Roxanne wasted no time at all in opening the forum that Harvey had recommended.
At first glance, the forum looked a little old. However, a lot of the posts were posted only a few minutes ago. Most of them were discussing the medical consultation by the Damaris family. Roxanne opened the thread one by one and browsed through the contents.
A lot of people on the forum had attached their resumes on the forum in hopes of standing a chance to participate in the medical consultation with the Damaris family.
From the looks of it, everyone had an impressive background.
The more she browsed, the more Roxanne felt the need to work hard and perform well. If not, she would be disappointing all those who tried but did not get the chance to participate in the consultation. Only when she had scrolled till the very end did she see some information regarding the previous medical consultation held by the Damaris family.
It was revealed by an anonymous participant in the last medical consultation.
Roxanne read the post word by word twice. By the time she finished reading, she could almost memorize the whole thing.
According to the anonymous doctor, every time the Damaris family organized a medical consultation, they usually targeted congenital diseases. The venue of the consultation would be abandoned orphanages or children's homes. They would give free medical consultations to the children there, and the consultation would usually last three days.
In every medical consultation held by the Damaris family, all the participants were highly-achieved doctors of traditional medicine within the country. Not only so, but the Damaris family themselves would send their younger family members to take part in the consultation.
Even though they were the juniors of the Damaris family, their medical skills were enough to make others gasp in awe. Their skills were definitely worthy of respect.
Of all the years of medical consultation, many children who had been abandoned because of their congenital diseases had finally gotten their treatment. Some of them had even made it to the front covers of newspapers. However, the Damaris family was not mentioned in the papers.
That proved how low-key the Damaris family was despite their astonishing
achievements.
Not only was Roxanne a mother herself, but she also had a child who had passed away too early. Perhaps that was the reason why Roxanne had always had a soft spot for children. After Roxanne learned about the target groups for the medical consultation, her admiration for the Damaris family increased.
To add to their admirable traits, the Damaris family had managed to investigate and come up with treatment plans for certain congenital diseases from those medical consultations. Their treatment plans had received so many positive results that they served as the gold standard in the traditional medical industry.
In the past few years, tens of thousands of children with congenital diseases had been treated every year because of the methods devised by the Damaris family, especially those complicated congenital diseases that put all famous doctors from all over the world at a loss.
As of then, tens of thousands of children getting treated every year sounded like a fantasy.
As Roxanne continued to research, the excitement in her heart to meet the Damaris family grew.
Among the list of diseases that the Damaris family had found the treatment for, Roxanne had researched some of them herself. However, just as her research was about to yield results, the treatment for those diseases appeared out of nowhere. Roxanne had carefully investigated the reliability and facts of the treatment. Upon finding out that it was reliable, she gave up on her own research. At the same time, she respected the party who had come up with the treatment.
However, never did she imagine it to be the Damaris family.
It was no wonder that the Damaris family managed to keep their legacy for generations upon generations.
Purely because the Damaris family had contributed so much to children, Roxanne yearned to have a good relationship with the Damaris family.
After all, she was someone who had lost a child. There was no one else who valued those precious little lives more than Roxanne.
For a moment, Roxanne sat in silence, wallowing in her emotions. A few minutes later, she recollected herself and clicked on other posts. After browsing through most of the posts, Roxanne learned the basic flow of the medical consultation, which served as preparation for the consultation in a few days' time.
Roxanne was so immersed in reading about the Damaris family that she did not notice that it was past midnight.
When she finished reading about the Damaris family, it was almost one o'clock in the morning
At the thought of work tomorrow, Roxanne reluctantly switched off her laptop and left the study. After a quick wash-up, Roxanne lay in bed with her mind still buzzing about the medical consultation. 
###Chapter 441
The next morning, Roxanne was still fast asleep when a knock sounded on her door.
"Mommy!" Benny's childish voice called out from outside her bedroom. "Mommy, wake up!"
The noise jolted Roxanne awake, and she quickly sat up. Thinking that the children were calling her because something had happened, she hurried over to open the door without even brushing up. When she opened the door, Archie and Benny greeted her with an innocent look. Looking up at Roxanne with puppy eyes, they whined, "Mommy, will you send us to the kindergarten today?" Their eyes were filled with anticipation.
By then, Roxanne was fully awake.
Upon hearing the boys' question, Roxanne was reminded of the disappointed looks on their faces the night before.
After a few seconds of hesitation, Roxanne finally agreed, "You boys go ahead and have breakfast first. I'll be down in a few. After breakfast, I'll send you two to the kindergarten."
Archie's and Benny's eyes lit up. Nodding obediently, they immediately trotted downstairs.
After freshening up, Roxanne changed out of her pajamas. By the time she headed downstairs, the two boys were already waiting for her patiently at the table.
During breakfast, the two boys were warmer than usual. They kept putting food onto Roxanne's plate.
Knowing the reason behind Archie's and Benny's joy, Roxanne felt a mild exasperation in her heart, but there was nothing she could do about them.
Remembering what Lucian had said to her the previous day, Roxanne could not help but agree with him.
Archie and Benny were perfectly normal kids, but as soon as they started whining, Roxanne found herself fulfilling every request they had and even more so toward someone emotionally unstable like Estella. Even though that was what she had told Lucian, it might not be effective.
She had finally settled the problem with the research institute. Moreover, she managed to get such an amazing opportunity. She really did not want Sonva to get in her way again.
Roxanne's gaze soften as she looked at the two boys beside her. In a nonchalant tone, she informed them, "I'll send you guys to the kindergarten today, but I'm going to be busy again soon. You will have to let Ms. Lane or Aunt Madilyn fetch you, okay?"
? Archie and Benny looked at her suspiciously. "Isn't everything all right with the research institute now? What else are you busy with, Mommy?"
Roxanne took a deep breath before explaining patiently, "There's this really awesome family of doctors who will be organizing a medical consultation in a few days. I will be joining the consultation, so I need to prepare. This opportunity means a lot to me.
You two have to be good, okay?"
Upon hearing Roxanne's explanation, Archie and Benny nodded reluctantly.
Even though they felt sorry for Estella, they would ultimately still prioritize Roxanne's work.
Seeing that her children were so thoughtful, Roxanne secretly sighed with relief.
After breakfast, Roxanne brought the kids to the kindergarten.
It was so early that there were not a lot of people at the kindergarten gate.
Roxanne scanned her surroundings. When she did not see even a glimpse of Lucian or Estella, she felt the tension on her shoulders relax. After bringing Archie and Benny to Pippa, Roxanne turned to leave, hoping to get away before the two arrived.
Archie and Benny, however, tried to get Roxanne to stay a little longer because Estella had not yet arrived.
They knew that Roxanne would be busy again soon, and it would be harder for Estella to meet Roxanne. Archie and Benny did not want Estella to be upset.
Needless to say, Roxanne was well-aware of the boys' plan. After some words of comfort and encouragement, she quickly handed them over to Pippa and turned to leave without hesitation.
With their gazes on Roxanne's diminishing silhouette, Archie and Benny lowered their heads dejectedly, not knowing how to face a disappointed Estella. 
###Chapter 442
After Roxanne left, Archie and Benny adamantly refused to enter the kindergarten
A headache assailed Pippa as she looked at them. Well, this is the first time they're being so stubborn.
"Archie, Benny, why don't you both go in first?" She bent down and tried to persuade them.
Archie merely pursed his lips without saying a word.
Beside him, Benny blinked his eyes and gazed at Pippa pitifully. "We're waiting for Essie, Ms. Ward."
Upon hearing that, Pippa recalled their relationship with Estella. She patted them on the head, tacitly acquiescing to their request. Shortly after, Lucian's car slowly came to a stop at the kindergarten gates. Then, Estella was carried out of the car by Lucian.
No sooner had she gotten out of the car than she lifted her head and darted her eyes around.
The instant she caught sight of Archie and Benny, she instinctively searched for signs of Roxanne nearby but to no avail.
At that, she hung her head in disappointment.
Lucian inexorably frowned when he noticed that only Archie and Benny were standing beside Pippa.
"Mr. Farwell." Pippa greeted respectfully as she took Estella from him.
However, Lucian didn't leave immediately but lowered his head to gaze at the three children.
Since last night, Essie has been in low spirits, probably because she didn't get to see Roxanne. This morning, she also clamored to come earlier, hoping to wait for her at the kindergarten. Unexpectedly, the woman took off again! She must be utterly disappointed.
Likewise, chagrin swamped him.
At the sight of Estella's disappointment, Archie and Benny went over to her in distress. They took her hands, one on either side. "Mommy is very busy with work. She said there's an exceedingly important opportunity, for which she has to make preparations. That's why she left so early."
All Estella heard was that Roxanne was busy with work. The disappointment on her face intensified. "Then, is Ms. Jarvis not coming anymore?" Previously, Ms. Jarvis always had no time to pick them up when she was busy with work. At times, she even uses work as an excuse to avoid me.
Despite her tender age, she had always been very sensitive in that matter.
? Hearing that, Archie and Benny exchanged a glance, both feeling a tad guilty.
Mommy did say that this morning, but how are we supposed to admit it when Essie is crestfallen now?
They hesitated for a while before changing the subject nonchalantly. Beaming, they declared, "Although Mommy isn't coming these few days, she said we'd still be staying in Chanaea for some time!" Estella's eyes lit up. Nonetheless, she eyed them in mild disbelief.
Seeing that, Benny patted his chest confidently. "It's true! Mommy's work this time has to be done in Chanaea. But we're not sure how long we'll be staying."
Following that, Estella turned to Archie.
Archie nodded solemnly, confirming his brother's words.
Only when he had indicated as much that a smile bloomed on Estella's face.
I thought Ms. Jarvis was going to go abroad soon, and I wouldn't be able to see her again. That was the reason for my sheer disappointment. But if they're telling me the truth, I'll still have an opportunity to see her as long as she's in the country!
At that thought, she was ecstatic, grinning so widely that her eyes became mere slits.
At the side, Lucian overheard the entirety of the three children's conversation.
When he heard Benny saying that Roxanne would be busy with work, he quirked an eyebrow thoughtfully.
Sure enough, Jonathan's strategy has borne some fruit! 
###Chapter 443
Over the next few days, Roxanne bustled around in preparation for the medical consultation.
Her understanding of the Damaris family was limited to mere rumors and the forum forwarded by Harvey.
However, all that wasn't quite enough for her.
The opportunity this time was truly too rare for her. If she wanted to take advantage of it, she needed to make preparations as much as possible.
Consequently, she had become a regular visitor to the Queen residence in the past few days. Alfred admired her greatly, so he answered every question she asked about the Damaris family.
After they finished chatting about the Damaris family, Alfred had Roxanne help him to his seat. Then, he ventured solemnly, "Previously, I tried to feel you and Jonathan out, but neither of you has feelings for the other. I know that. But it's still not done for you to raise two children by yourself. Is there someone you like? Tell me, and I might be able to give you some suggestions."
Roxanne was inevitably stunned when the subject went from the Damaris family to her without warning. Subsequently, she shook her head in slight embarrassment. "Archie and Benny are both sensible children, so I don't need to worry much about them. Besides, taking care of them is no trouble at all. I'd like to expand my career first before considering any romantic entanglements."
Upon hearing that, Alfred cast her a disapproving look. "It might not matter to you, but the two children should have a father. Ultimately, all children yearn for a whole family."
At the mention of Archie and Benny, Roxanne felt apologetic for a moment. She went silent and said nothing further.
Retracting his gaze, Alfred suggested languidly, "The representative of the Damaris family this time is a young man who's ouistanding in all aspects. I think you can consider him."
No sooner had his words fallen than Jonathan's voice rang out at the mansion entrance. "Grandpa, what are you saying to Dr. Jarvis? How could there be a lack of suitors pursuing her when she's so outstanding? She naturally has her own plans that she's not considering them.”
He had nothing much to do at the office, so he came home early that day. After learning from the help that Roxanne was visiting, he decided to come over to greet
her. Unexpectedly, he heard his grandfather playing matchmaker right as he stepped into the back garden. Hence, he hurried over to interrupt the man.
Alfred might be in the dark about things, but he knew the truth all too well.
Lucian has designs on Roxanne, so how am I to explain things to him if Grandpa really matches her up successfully with a stroke of luck?
? At his voice, both Alfred and Roxanne swung their gazes over in concert.
Roxanne didn't want to speak of that topic in the first place, so she breathed a sigh of relief when Jonathan helped to diffuse the situation. Smiling, she greeted the man.
Contrarily, Alfred shot a disgruntled glare at his grandson and chastised, "Brat, you don't even have a girlfriend, but you're poking your nose into Dr. Jarvis' matters!"
Jonathan touched his nose sheepishly as he stood beside the two of them. "How's your preparation for the medical consultation since you've been working so diligently these few days, Dr. Jarvis?" Smiling, Roxanne replied, "Thanks to Old Mr. Queen recommending me to the Damaris family and patiently answering my questions about the Damaris family these few days, my confidence has skyrocketed." When Jonathan heard that, he casually arched an eyebrow. "Your medical skills are superb. You'll perform well even without all this. There's no need to be so nervous."
Roxanne nodded smilingly. "Hopefully, that's the case, Mr. Queen."
It was late then, so Roxanne took her leave.
Jonathan saw her out. Before bidding her farewell, he suddenly remarked, "Don't listen to my grandfather. If you really plan to find the children a father, I think Lucian is a pretty good candidate." 
###Chapter 444
Unaware of Jonathan's intentions, Roxanne merely regarded it as a joke. She calmly countered, "Don't make such a joke, Mr. Queen. Mr. Farwell already has a fiancée. Besides, I don't have any plans for a romantic relationship."
"Then, will you consider him if he doesn't have a fiancée?" Jonathan pressed.
Roxanne was startled for a moment. The smile on her face gradually faded, and she ended the subject coldly. "It's late. I've got to hurry home. You should also go back in quickly, Mr. Queen."
After saying that, she climbed into her car straight away.
Before Jonathan could gather his wits about him, the car in front of him had already sped away.
It wasn't until after Roxanne's car had disappeared from sight that he snapped back to his senses. Recalling her reaction earlier, he couldn't shake off the strangeness of it.
I asked whether she'd consider Lucian, but her first reaction was that he had a fiancée...
After she left the Queen residence, a mix of emotions brewed within Roxanne on a rare occasion.
She had been busy with matters pertaining to the Damaris family recently, so she had tossed everything about the Farwell family into the back of her mind.
Only occasionally did she hear Archie and Benny speaking about Estella when she went home.
Lucian, on the other hand, seemed to have vanished from her world.
Earlier, Jonathan had mentioned the man before her out of the blue and even proposed a question she had never once considered.
If he doesn't have a fiancée...
Roxanne wavered for a while before she gave a self-deprecating chuckle.
How would he possibly allow such a possibility when he had been obsessed over Aubree for so many years? On top of that, the lesson I learned six years ago was sufficient to have me give up on him. I don't want to repeat the same mistakes again.
By the time she arrived home, Archie and Benny were already home. When they saw her stepping into the house, they docilely trotted over. But then, they weren't as enthusiastic as they were in the past. Ever since she started avoiding Estella, they appeared despondent every time she came home.
At the sight of them, Roxanne was inexorably reminded of Estella.
"When will you be finished with work, Mommy?" Benny queried in curiosity.
Roxanne patted them on the head in consolation. "I'm not sure either, but this matter is really important to me, so the two of you have got to behave. When I'm done with work, I'll bring you out to have fun, okay?"
The Damaris family would be choosing a collaboration partner after the medical consultation concluded. She didn't want any mistakes at any point in the process.
Archie and Benny were clearly not quite eager to go out and have fun, for they merely nodded woodenly upon hearing that.
Chuckling in exasperation, Roxanne led them both to the dining table.
After dinner, Archie and Benny weren't in the mood to play either. They retired to their room early.
Roxanne dithered for some time before she followed them into their room.
When Archie and Benny saw her coming in, they obediently sat on the edge of the bed side by side.
With a smile on her face, Roxanne sat down beside them. "Are you both unhappy because Essie isn't happy?"
Archie and Benny kept their lips pressed into a thin line in silent admission.
Seeing that, Roxanne lifted her hand and stroked them on the head. "The two of you have always been very smart. But why are you so silly this time?"
Archie and Benny tilted their heads in puzzlement.
"I like Essie a lot, too. But because of some reasons, I can't have too much contact with her. You should be understanding. If she's unhappy at the kindergarten, you've got to take good care of her on my behal and make her happy."
Roxanne then continued explaining patiently, "She doesn't just like me. She also likes the two of you very much. As long as you treat her better, she'll definitely cheer up." 
###Chapter 445
Speaking of Estella, Roxanne couldn't help feeling somewhat distressed. The smile on her face turned a touch forced.
Estella was unhappy because of her, yet she could only have Archie and Benny mollify the girl on her behalf.
As Archie and Benny clocked her expression, their eyes dimmed. Self-reproach was written all over their faces. "We're sorry, Mommy."
Roxanne's brows furrowed in bafflement when they apologized all of a sudden.
Benny muttered weakly, "We shouldn't have thrown a tantrum with you because of Essie. You must also be very tired every day, Mommy. Don't worry. We'll do our best to make her happy henceforth!" "Just focus on your work, Mommy. We'll take good care of Essie!" Archie echoed.
Roxanne beamed in gratification. "Thank you, Darlings."
"But it'll be far better if you can go and visit Essie, Mommy," Benny added in a whisper.
After saying that, he was afraid that Roxanne heard him, so he smilingly announced, "It's okay even if you can't visit her. We'll help take good care of Essie on your behalf, Mommy!"
Roxanne smilingly patted him on the head. She watched as the two children went to bed before she stood up and returned to her room.
Meanwhile, at the Farwell residence, Estella had been down in the dumps ever since
she came home from kindergarten.
Lucian's brows knitted together.
Her mood has improved significantly after learning that Roxanne isn't going abroad so soon, but she's abruptly depressed again today for some inexplicable reason. "What's wrong?" He regarded her in bewilderment.
"Ms. Jarvis..." Estella admitted sullenly.
Sure enough, Roxanne is the only person who can cause her such emotional turmoil.
Lucian's gaze darkened a shade. "Isn't she no longer going abroad? Why are you still sad?"
Pouting, Estella glowered at him in displeasure. "I haven't got to see her!"
She had thought she would have the opportunity to see Roxanne when the latter wasn't going abroad, but Roxanne had never once appeared in the past few days. Every day she went to kindergarten and back, she was hopeful beyond words. Alas, she ended up disappointed each day.
After a few days, she couldn't help feeling dejected to the point that she was irate about seeing Lucian.
It's because of Daddy that Ms. Jarvis is avoiding me!
Lucian had no idea about her thoughts. It merely occurred to him out of the blue that the look in her eyes as she gazed at him was somewhat similar to Archie's and Benny's. Ever since Rozanne's showed up, all three kids seem to detest me.
At that realization, he felt a headache building. Nonetheless, he patiently mollified her, saying, "You'll get to see her eventually since she isn't going abroad."
Conversely, Estella shot daggers at him, making it evident that she didn't believe him.
Lucian massaged his temples. "I'll figure out something for you. Now, go and sleep, okay?"
Estella eyed him skeptically for a long time. Then, she slowly extended her little finger at him and urged in a sweet voice, "Pinky promise."
Lucian stretched out his hand and hooked pinkies with her before she relented.
He sent her back to her room, but recalling her relentless wails when she had a nightmare back then, he didn't dare leave immediately. Instead, he waited until she was deep in slumber before getting to his fee and leaving.
As he stood at the door, his expression was frightfully grim.
She's so dependent on Roxanne, yet that woman is so cruel to her that she's unwilling to visit her even once. If she were to know what Roxanne told me that morning, she'd probably cry buckets. 
###Chapter 446
Early the following morning, Roxanne saw the message Larry had sent last night as soon as she awakened. It read: Are you free tomorrow? How about a meal together? She mulled over her work that day before texting back: At noon, then. We'll have lunch near the research institute.
On the other end of the phone, Larry promptly agreed.
As soon as it was noon, Roxanne received a call from Larry.
"Have you finished your work? I'm waiting for you at the research institute gates." Larry's voice rang out the instant she answered the call.
Roxanne happened to be discussing a recent project with Colby. When Colby saw her taking the call, he timely halted the conversation and waited at the side.
Hearing that Larry had already arrived, Roxanne reflexively glanced at Colby, who was standing across from her. Then, she murmured apologetically, "Please wait for a while, Larry. I've got something to wrap up on my end. You can come in and wait."
Larry declined with a chuckle. "It's okay. I'll just wait for you at the gates. Take your time."
Roxanne murmured in acknowledgment. Subsequently, she hung up the phone and continued speaking to Colby about the project.
In the few days to come, she wanted to concentrate on preparing for the Damaris family's medical consultation. Furthermore, the work at the research institute had long since stabilized, and the issue with the medical herb suppliers had been resolved. Therefore, she planned to entrust the matters at the research institute to Colby.
After they talked for quite a bit, the handover of the work at the research institute finally came to an end.
Roxanne still wanted to remind Colby of a few other things, but the man commented with a chuckle, "I've been with the research institute for a long time, and I've also been handling things with you all this while. You don't have to worry. Just leave everything here to me. Someone is waiting for you, no? Hurry up and go!"
Upon hearing that, Roxanne hesitated for a second before she nodded smilingly.
Speaking of that, he has been working at the research institute even longer than I have. And ever since I came over, we've been handling things together. Indeed, I don't have to worry.
"In that case, I'll stop rambling. You should be going to lunch as well. Let's go out together!"
She snagged her handbag and waited for Colby.
While there was a cafeteria in the research institute, few ate in the cafeteria. Instead, they mostly patronized restaurants outside. Colby was no exception.
Colby dithered for several seconds, knowing that he would inevitably see Larry if he went out with her.
Since Roxanne was waiting for him, he ultimately fell into step with her after a brief hesitation. The two of them exited the research institute together.
As Larry said, Roxanne caught sight of him waiting at the gates when she arrived at the entrance of the research institute.
It was as though he was afraid that she couldn't see him, for he deliberately waited outside the car. The moment he spotted her coming out, he waved at her, signaling her over to him. Roxanne took her leave from Colby and strode over.
As Colby gazed at her retreating back, his eyes dimmed, but they reverted to their usual calmness in the next heartbeat, and he inclined his head at Larry courteously.
In turn, Larry flashed him a warm smile.
That was the two of them greeting each other.
When Roxanne reached him, Larry lifted his eyes and stared at Colby, who had turned around and gone a distance away. "Who's that?" he inquired, curious.
Smiling, Roxanne explained, "That's Colby Galloway. He's a colleague of mine at the research institute, and he's also an outstanding doctor. I've collaborated with him abroad, but I don't know whether the two of you have ever met."
Larry nodded in acknowledgment. "Get in the car."
I'm not sure whether I'm imagining things, but the look in his eyes when he regarded her earlier was seemingly strange. But then, I can't pinpoint what exactly bothered me. 
###Chapter 447
Roxanne knew absolutely nothing about the two men's thoughts.
During the drive to the restaurant, she smilingly asked Larry, "Why did you suddenly decide to ask me out for lunch today? And did you just return from Summerbank?"
Larry nodded nonchalantly. "I just returned last night. I only boarded the flight after secing Mr. Lynch off. It was already midnight by the time I landed."
Recalling the time he sent her the message, Roxanne surmised that he had texted her mere moments after disembarking the plane.
I wonder what important matter he has to tell me.
"Mr. Lynch told me to convey his regards to you and asked whether the issue at the research institute has been resolved," Larry stated.
The smile on Roxanne's face widened when she heard that Gerald remembered her. "It's all thanks to you and Mr. Lynch that night. Those medicinal herb suppliers were initially hesitant, but they respected Mr. Lynch, so they readily agreed after he said a few words."
Larry inclined his head a fraction. "I'm glad to hear that the matter has been resolved. I'm just worried that Mrs. Farwell will make things difficult for you again in the future."
Throughout it all, he had found things very much unfair on her behalf.
He could somewhat guess the reason Sonya was targeting Roxanne, reckoning that she resented the latter for leaving without a word back then and getting so familiar with Lucian at present.
In his opinion, however, Roxanne was the victim. Furthermore, she wasn't the one who wanted to have so much contact with the man right then.
Rather than wasting her time on Roxanne, he felt that Sonya would be better served
to keep a closer eye on Lucian.
He really wanted to help Roxanne, but he wasn't the head of the Morrison family. Besides, the Morrison family was no match for the Farwell family, so his hands were tied even if he wanted to help. Fortunately, the matter had been resolved.
At the mention of Sonya, Roxanne's heart felt heavy. "I don't know either, but I've already done my utmost best to keep myself out of her line of sight. Hopefully, she'll
forget all about me."
It's particularly true at present when I've got a rare chance to attend a medical consultation with the Damaris family. Later, I still want to compete for the opportunity to collaborate with them. If I were to lose the chance because of her interference, I really wouldn't know what I'd do in retaliation.
When Larry glimpsed the worry on her face, a flash of regret flitted across his eyes. He felt remorseful for bringing up such a sore point.
The car plunged into a brief silence.
A while later, Roxanne composed herself and changed the subject nonchalantly. "Oh yes, Larry, is something the matter that you asked me out for lunch all of a sudden today?" After all, the last time we dined together was when he invited me to Bellridge to attend the medical conference together back then. I wonder what it is this time.
Hearing that, Larry put away his wandering thoughts and went straight to business. "You've been staying abroad all these years, so I don't know whether you've heard of the Damaris family. It's considered the leading prestigious family in traditional medicine, but it has recently retreated behind the scenes and rarely made any appearances. On the whole, it's a very mysterious family."
Hmm, it's the Damaris family again. This is the second time I've heard someone speaking of ti Damaris family lately.
Roxanne was a touch puzzled. "I've heard of it previously, and I've always had much interest in the Damaris family's ancient medicine books. When I was abroad, I had hoped that I'd be so fortunate to have the opportunity to visit them, but I never had that opportunity. But I heard that they'll be having a medical consultation soon."
The instant her words rang out, Larry arched an eyebrow and glanced at her in surprise. I wonder where she got that news.
"This is precisely what I want to speak to you about today." 
###Chapter 448
As Larry and Roxanne conversed, the car arrived at the entrance of the restaurant,
After Larry parked the car, the two of them entered the restaurant and sat down by the window.
Larry nad made a reservation long ago, so the food was served no sooner had they taken their seats.
While eating, they talked about the Damaris family's medical consultation.
"News of the Damaris family's medical consultation is usually circulated within closed circles. How did you learn about it?" Larry couldn't resist querying.
Roxanne had nothing to hide, so she admitted, "I initially had no idea about it and was already planning to go abroad. But when I went to the Queen residence to thank them two days ago, Old Mr. Queen suddenly brought it up to me. That's why I decided to stay a bit longer in Chanaea."
When Larry heard that, he frowned "Go abroad?"
In response, Roxanne chortled airily. "As you can see, the research institute is targeted by Farwell Group with me here. Rather than staying in Chanaea and dragging the research institute down with me, it's better that I go abroad. I can't afford to offend Farwell Group, but I can at least stay away."
Larry sighed soundlessly, finding it all truly unfair for Roxanne.
"But now that I know about the Damaris family's medical consultation, I'm not going to leave even if Mrs. Farwell wants to give me the boot." Roxanne flashed him a casual smile. Larry regarded her in exasperation, but all he saw on her face was anticipation for the medical consultation. Thus, he didn't mention Sonya again, lest he wreck her good mood.
Instead, he uttered gently, "That's also why I asked you out today. The Damaris family's medical consultations have always been done in collaboration with doctors in the field. Are you interested? If you are, we can contact Mr. Lynch right now. If he recommends you to the Damaris family, you'll be able to participate for sure. I've got a spot for a member of the Morrison family, so we can attend together at that time." Roxanne's eyes lit up. "You're also going to attend, Larry?"
She had been worried that she would feel awkward then, but that wouldn't be an issue if Larry would also be there.
At that, Larry quirked an eyebrow. "Also? Your attendance has already been confirmed?"
Roxanne nodded with a grin. "After Old Mr. Queen told me about the Damaris family's medical consultation, he said he'd recommend me to the Damaris family. I've been making preparations for the medical consultation these few days, afraid that I'd make some blunder then and embarrass him and my mentor."
"With your medical skills, you definitely won't embarrass anyone as long as you perform as usual," Larry asserted.
Hearing that, Roxanne smiled modestly.
Larry then continued, "That's also a good thing. With Old Mr. Queen recommending you, we don't need to trouble Mr. Lynch, though the spot on his end was also prepared for you."
At his remark, a hint of mystification flashed across Roxanne's eyes.
"Mr. Lynch hasn't accepted mentees for many years. He admires you greatly since he met you back then. When he learned about the Damaris family's medical consultation this time, he thought of you right away. Hence, he had me return to ask you about your plans. If you'd like to attend, he'd recommend you to the Damaris family personally," Larry explained with a smile.
Following his words, Roxanne felt very much flattered. She hastily replied, "I really appreciate the sentiment. I'll thank him profusely if I have the opportunity to meet him again next time. Please tell him that I'll do my best during the medical consultation this time without disappointing him."
Larry agreed smilingly.
After lunch, Larry drove Roxanne back to the research institute.
"I'll pick you up after the location of the medical consultation has been decided in the next few days, and we'll go together," he suggested when Roxanne was getting out of the car.
Roxanne assented with a smile. 
###Chapter 449
Just when Roxanne walked over to the entrance of the research institute, she spotted Colby standing by the gates.
The man was deep in thought, for he didn't even see her coming in. He was leaning against the wall in a trance with his face devoid of expression.
Curious, Roxanne called out to him, "What are you thinking about, Dr. Galloway?"
When her words rang out, Colby was evidently shocked. His brows furrowed, and he snapped back to his senses. Straightening, he swung his gaze at her. "The two of you have finished talking so soon?" Roxanne nodded with a smile. "Larry is also planning to attend the Damaris family's medical consultation. We merely chatted briefly and agreed to go together."
At that, a flash of desolation flitted across Colby's eyes.
When he saw Roxanne with Larry at noon, he had no appetite during lunch. He merely took a few bites before driving back and waiting for Roxanne at the gates. As he was waiting, he subconsciously thought of the gap between them.
Further hearing that Roxanne would be attending the medical consultation with Larry, he found the distance between them increasingly vast.
Colby suppressed the misery within him and nonchalantly flashed Roxanne a smile. "It's good that the two of you are going together. You can keep each other company."
Roxanne didn't think much of it, merely presuming that he was disappointed because he couldn't attend the Damaris family's medical consultation. She patted his arm in consolation. "Don't overthink things. You're very outstanding as well. It's just that there are limited spots available on the Damaris family's end. Otherwise, we could go together."
Colby flashed her a forced smile. "It's okay. We're both working at the research institute, so it makes no difference which of us attends."
After saying that, he hurriedly took his leave from her without waiting for her response and went back to the office himself.
Roxanne was utterly bewildered at the sight of his quickly retreating figure. Nonetheless, she didn't pay it much mind but went back to her office with her handbag
When they met at the research facility in the afternoon, Colby was clearly much less
talkative than usual. He was also somewhat distracted when he conducted experiments.
Roxanne didn't pressure him into staying focused but silently took over his duties.
By the time they got off work in the evening, Colby finally gathered his wits about him. Remembering his performance earlier in the afternoon, he apologized to Roxanne. "I'm sorry I was a bit out of it in the afternoon. Give me a night, and I'll compose myself."
Roxanne flashed him an understanding smile. "It's okay. Everyone has a time when they're preoccupied with something else. If you need it, you can also talk to me. I'm free anytime."
Colby was stunned for a few seconds before he pursed his lips, his thoughts indiscernible. "Got it. I'll seek you out if I need it."
As they spoke, they left the research institute together.
Roxanne glanced at the time.
The kindergarten probably hasn't let out yet. If I rush over to pick Archie and Benny up, I can make it in time. Besides, I really want to see Essie. I wonder if her condition has improved these days. However, on second thought, she remembered that the medical consultation would be held in two days. Therefore, she truly didn't dare take the risk.
After turning it over in her mind, she decided to give Lysa a call.
Lysa was just about to leave to pick Archie and Benny up when she suddenly received the call. Puzzlement inundated her. "What's the matter, Ms. Jarvis? Are you going to pick Archie and Benny up?" She couldn't think of any other reason Roxanne would call at such a time.
Roxanne was taken aback for a moment. "No, I just... wanted to remind you to pick them up."
Chortling, Lysa chided, "I've been picking them up for a few days now. How could I possibly forget such an important thing?"
Roxanne found herself rather ridiculous. I don't know what I was thinking when I phoned Lysa! 
###Chapter 450
After hanging up the phone, Roxanne hesitated before driving toward the kindergarten
The kindergarten ended at five o'clock in the afternoon, and the teachers led the children out of their respective classrooms uniformly, waiting for their parents to pick them up. Archie and Benny accompanied Estella at the back of the line. As the boys watche her look at the crowd expectantly, they looked at each other with concerned faces "Look at me, Essie. I can turn into a bird!" Benny tried to attract Estella's attention he spoke, he shaped his fingers into the shape of a bird and showed it to Estella. Alas, Estella merely glanced at his hands absent-mindedly before turning her gaz toward the crowd again. She seemed to be looking for someone.
It could be her imagination, but she could feel Roxanne watching her. However, s couldn't find her.
When Archie and Benny noticed that Estella didn't bother to look at them, they weren't discouraged. Instead, they still tried their best to cheer Estella up.
Even when Lucian arrived to pick Estella up, the girl was still looking for Roxanne the crowd.
Looking at Estella's actions, Lucian couldn't help but frown.
He knew who Estella was looking for, but that was the first time he saw her this persistent.
"Ms. Jarvis..." Estella grabbed onto Lucian's hand and followed him to the car whil her eyes were still scanning the crowd for Roxanne.
When he heard Estella's voice, Lucian stopped walking and bent over to look at th little girl's face. "Essie, Ms. Jarvis isn't here."
Estella pouted and shook her head while wearing a serious expression. "She's here
She could clearly feel Roxanne watching her. Lucian frowned and looked around the crowd with suspicion.
However, there was no sign of Roxanne.
"I looked. Ms. Jarvis didn't come. Let's go home," Lucian explained to Estella
patiently.
However, Estella stubbornly refused to get in the car.
Lucian had no idea what to do, so he could only hold her hand and wait next to her by the car.
At the same time, Roxanne was standing in the corner. Her heart was thumping wildly.
In the past few days, Archie and Benny wouldn't stop talking about Estella, and she couldn't help but worry. Hence, she decided to come over and take a look at Estella from a secluded corner.
Unexpectedly, Estella seemed to have noticed her. After searching through the crowd for some time, their eyes nearly met a few times. Fortunately, Roxanne reacted quickly enough to prevent the girl from spotting her.
Moreover, she almost got discovered by Lucian.
Luckily, Lysa arrived in time to pick Archie and Benny up.
"Ms. Lane is here." When Lucian saw Lysa, his expression turned grim, and he looked down toward Estella next to him.
Estella pursed her lips unhappily. She glanced around the crowd for the last time before slowly getting into the car.
When Lucian's car slowly drove away, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and returned to her own car.
Lysa brought Archie and Benny to the side of the road to wave down a taxi, but Roxanne's car stopped before them as soon as they arrived at the curb.
"Mommy!" Archie and Benny jumped in excitement.
Roxanne smiled at them and got out of the car, wanting to help them into the car.
However, the boys stopped smiling and looked in the direction where Lucian's car went.
Mommy is finally here to pick us up, but Essie didn't get to see her.
Looking at their behavior, Roxanne could roughly guess their thoughts.
She saw how hard the boys tried to cheer Estella up and immediately felt mixed feelings in her heart. 
###Chapter 451
Fortunately, Archie and Benny's sadness didn't last long.
They knew that Roxanne would be unhappy if they were upset.
After a few seconds of feeling disappointed for Estella, the boys began smiling again and opened their arms to Roxanne.
Roxanne put away her thoughts and beamed. She carried the boys into the car one after another, and Lysa sat with them in the back seat.
"Mommy, why didn't you tell us you were coming to pick us up?" Benny asked gingerly.
While starting the car, Roxanne thought of her suspicious actions before and couldn't help but feel a little guilty when she heard Benny's words. "Well, it was a spontaneous decision." Benny tilted his head in confusion. "Aren't you busy with work today?"
"I finished my work early today, so I suddenly decided to come and pick you guys up." Roxanne tried her best to sound normal so that the boys wouldn't suspect her.
As she spoke, Archie responded in a childish tone, "Mommy's a liar."
Roxanne was stunned when she heard that.
Benny also looked at Archie in confusion, wondering why he said that.
"You've been here for a long time, right?" Archie looked at Roxanne's face reflected in the rearview mirror sternly.
Roxanne didn't expect Archie to notice her and wanted to brush off the matter. "I saw you guys as soon as I arrived."
However, Archie ignored her explanation and said, "If you wanted to pick us up, you should've informed Ms. Lane not to come. But Ms. Lane came, and you were late. You even said that you got off work early today. You must be hiding something from
us!"
Additionally, when Lucian came to fetch Estella just now, Archie heard her calling out to Roxanne.
At that time, he thought Estella only called out to Roxanne because she missed Roxanne too much.
Now that he thought about it, Roxanne must have been secretly keeping an eye on them from a hidden corner.
Roxanne didn't expect Archie to make such a sharp deduction and felt slightly embarrassed. "I'm not hiding anything. I really just arrived-"
Benny finally realized what happened and exclaimed innocently, "So Estella kept looking for Mommy because she knew Mommy was here!"
Archie nodded. He had the same thought as his brother, but he didn't know why Roxanne refused to admit it.
Roxanne felt quite helpless when the two boys acquiesced to the fact that she had arrived a long time ago without bothering to verify with her.
Lysa knew what was going on. Without hesitating, she asked Roxanne with a smile, "No wonder you called me in the afternoon. You must have gotten off work by that time."
Her words seemed to imply that Roxanne came early but never showed up.
Roxanne smiled wryly and nodded in acknowledgment.
Archie and Benny looked at Roxanne accusingly from the back seat.
"Mommy, since you were here, why didn't you come and see Essie?" Benny couldn't help but ask.
Roxanne was at a loss for words. She couldn't tell the boys about the grudges she had with Sonya.
However, at the same time, she didn't have a good excuse to explain herself.
Just when she was racking her head to come up with an excuse, Benny said, "Mommy, you didn't want to see Mr. Farwell, right?"
Otherwise, why would she wait for Mr. Farwell and Essie to leave before showing up?
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and glanced at Archie and Benny silently as a sign of acquiescence.
After all, Lucian was also part of the reason why she didn't show up before Estella. 
###Chapter 452
The boys thought they guessed it right and stopped being angry. Instead, they comforted Roxanne, "Mommy, if you don't want to see Mr. Farwell, then don't. We will take good care of Essie!"
Since Lucian was cruel enough to leave the boys and Roxanne behind, they didn't want to see him either.
Proud of her two sons, Roxanne smiled gently and said, "I know you will. I saw."
When the boys heard her, they took the credit proudly.
The atmosphere in the car became lively.
Roxanne's mood also became relaxed. She would respond to the boys patiently no matter what they said to her.
After they got home, Roxanne even cooked with Lysa, which was considered a rare occasion, and prepared a sumptuous dinner for the children.
After dinner, Roxanne played with them for a while. Then, she returned to her room when the boys were fast asleep.
Her emotions ran wild when she thought of the look on Estella's face when she saw her in the afternoon.
When Estella came to see me before, she was full of joy. However, when I wasn't around, Estella seemed visibly depressed. No wonder Archie and Benny were so moody in the past few days when they came home.
She wanted to go over and give Estella a hug, but she didn't want to lose her chance for the medical consultation.
After all, she wouldn't know if Sonya was secretly keeping an eye on her.
When she was deep in her thoughts, she received a text from Jonathan that read: My grandpa has written the letter of recommendation. I'll send it over to you whenever you have the time.
After reading the text, Roxanne returned to her senses and replied: I'll go and get it. Is tomorrow afternoon a good time?
Jonathan raised his eyebrows and responded with a yes. Then, he immediately switched to his chat history with Lucian. The last message was two days ago when he told Lucian that Roxanne had agreed to
go for the medical consultation.
Jonathan casually tapped the screen and sent a message: Lucian, how long has it been since you last visited my grandpa?
At the Farwell residence, Lucian watched as Estella fell asleep. As he walked out of her bedroom, he received Jonathan's text and couldn't help but frown, wondering if Alfred had been complaining about him not showing up.
He replied: How is his health recently? I was busy for the past two days.
Lucian went to Summerbank two days ago and as a result, there were a lot of matters piled up at the company, waiting for him to deal with them. In addition to the new projects, he was completely swamped with work for the past two days. He even had to squeeze out some of his already limited time to pick Estella up from kindergarten. After she fell asleep, he still had to work in the study for a while. Jonathan replied shortly after: He's in good health. However, Dr. Jarvis is coming over to collect his recommendation letter. Are you sure you don't want to visit him tomorrow?
The look in Lucian's eyes darkened when he read Jonathan's text.
After all, he hadn't seen Roxanne for a while.
Their lives had nothing to do with each other at all. Not to mention that she had been deliberately avoiding him.
She even refused to meet Estella.
When he recalled the way Estella was thinking of Roxanne in the afternoon, he felt conflicted for a moment.
On the other side, Jonathan waited for a long time and didn't receive a reply from Lucian. Hence, he sent another text: Grandpa had been talking about you for the past two days.
After sending the message, Jonathan pondered to himself. I've paved the way for him, and it's up to him to walk the path.
After a long while, Lucian finally replied: I'll visit him tomorrow. Please let him know.
Jonathan acknowledged his request and sighed helplessly.
He even had to rack his brains to find a way for his friend to court a lady.
If it weren't for Estella's sake, he wouldn't have put in the effort. 
###Chapter 453
There wasn't much work to do at the research institute on the following day. After having lunch, Roxanne took care of some work matters and brought some supplements produced by the research institute over to the Queen residence.
Jonathan was already waiting for her in the living room.
When Roxanne noticed that he was alone in the room, she asked in confusion, "Where's Old Mr. Queen?"
Pointing toward the upper floor, Jonathan replied, "He's currently having his afternoon nap. We didn't expect you to come this early."
Upon hearing that, Roxanne nodded and subconsciously reduced her volume as she said, "There isn't much to do in the research institute today, and since Old Mr. Queen had helped me a lot recently, I wanted to check on his condition."
Jonathan nodded. "Let's just wait downstairs until he wakes up, then."
Without thinking much, Roxanne placed the supplements on the table and sat on the single couch next to Jonathan. She then started chatting with him about Alfred's condition.
After talking for a while, the butler's voice sounded from outside the door.
"Old Mr. Queen is currently resting upstairs. Please wait for a moment, Mr. Farwell."
When Roxanne heard that, she immediately stopped talking and instinctively looked toward the entrance of the mansion.
Lucian, in an expensive suit, walked into the mansion.
Probably because he was listening to the butler, Lucian's head was slightly tilted downward. Once the butler finished speaking, Lucian nodded in acknowledgment. "All right."
Upon speaking, he looked back up and glanced into the living room.
When he noticed who was sitting in the living room, he furrowed his eyebrows
slightly, seemingly slightly surprised.
Roxanne, too, frowned. She did not know how to react to his sudden appearance.
Jonathan was stuck in the middle of them as he looked between the frowning duo. Although he felt exasperated at the sight, a surprised expression crept up his face. "Lucian? It's been ages since you last visited. Why did you come here today?"
Lucian gradually pulled his gaze away from Roxanne and looked at Jonathan. "I've been busy at work recently, but there wasn't much to do today, so I decided to come over and pay Old Mr. Queen a visit. How is he?"
Jonathan's eyebrows twitched as he nonchalantly tossed the conversation over to Roxanne. "You should ask Dr. Jarvis about that. She's the one who's been taking care of him. She recently came over to check on him as well."
Roxanne felt weirded out by the turn of events.
She wasn't entirely sure if she was overanalyzing the situation, but she felt that today's encounter with Lucian seemed too much of a coincidence.
Moreover, she felt that Jonathan had been intentional with his choice of words.
On the other hand, Lucian's gaze had settled on Roxanne once again. Even so, he did not say anything. It was as if both of them were strangers who had nothing to do with each other. Roxanne had no choice but to suppress the weird feeling in her heart. She tried as much as possible to meet his gaze calmly and smiled. "Hello, Mr. Farwell."
Lucian's lips twitched mockingly. "Dr. Jarvis, please explain Old Mr. Queen's condition to me."
Roxanne was once again taken aback.
Ever since her return to the country, Lucian's attitude toward her had been vastly different from how he treated her six years ago. Most times, he was either ambiguous with her or furious with her. It was rare for her to see him act so coldly toward her.
For a split second, she actually felt uncomfortable with it.
Once she realized her own thoughts, she clenched her fists and forced herself to calm down. She then explained Alfred's condition to Lucian professionally.
Alfred had almost fully recovered. It was just that he was bedridden for many years, and his bodily functions had more or less regressed. Thus, he would need to exercise a lot before his body could finally return to its original condition.
After listening to her explanation, Lucian nodded his head emotionlessly and sat down next to Jonathan without uttering a single word. 
###Chapter 454
Chapter 454 Suddenly, the atmosphere in the living room turned tense.
Noticing that both Roxanne and Lucian didn't seem like they were willing to start a conversation, Jonathan's head started hurting. He had gone through so much just to create an opportunity for them to meet, but it seemed like it was not helpful at all.
Jonathan had no idea why Lucian agreed to this in the first place.
Even with a headache, Jonathan still had to do something to liven up the atmosphere.
"The medical consultation with the Damaris family is this weekend. How are your preparations, Dr. Jarvis?" This was Jonathan's attempt in starting a conversation.
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled. "I've already prepared whatever I could think of. If there aren't any unexpected incidents, it should go along smoothly even if I don't perform extraordinarily."
Jonathan glanced at the man sitting next to him, hoping that he would at least contribute to the conversation.
Alas, his hopes were crushed as Lucian acted as though he did not hear Roxanne at all. The latter only sat on the couch while wearing an expressionless complexion.
Jonathan sighed inwardly upon seeing this. He really couldn't understand why Lucian came over in the first place.
After looking away from Lucian, he turned to Roxanne instead and said seriously, "You don't have to worry too much. The Damaris family isn't too particular about these. As long as your medical skills are good, they will definitely notice you."
Roxanne smiled humbly. "There are a lot of brilliant doctors attending the medical consultation. I believe that their medical skills are just as impressive."
Although Roxanne was very confident in her skills, Chanaea was the birthplace of traditional medicine after all. Since she had been practicing her skills overseas, she would not be aware if there were any dark horses from Chanaea.
Jonathan frowned and mulled over her words before replying in a low voice, "You're right. However, I'm positive that no one is better than you in traditional medicine. Moreover, if I'm not mistaken, Mr. Morrison will be attending as well. Aren't you friends with him? If he is there by your side, the Damaris family will definitely notice you."
After all, the Morrison family was pretty well-known in Summerbank. On top of that, Larry was also internationally famous. The Damaris family had definitely heard of
him.
However, since Larry had been staying overseas for the past few years, the Damaris family didn't have the chance to get in contact with him.
Therefore, the Damaris family might also pay attention to Larry's performance during the medical consultation.
Roxanne nodded instantly. "Larry told me that he will be attending it. We've already agreed on attending the event together."
Lucian, who was quietly sitting by the side, became upset when he heard Larry's name being mentioned during the conversation. He turned to look at Roxanne with a grim expression on his face.
Again with this Morrison guy. Their schedules seem to coincide too much. What is going on between the both of them?
Jonathan, however, did not think much of it. He merely thought that Roxanne could easily get the Damaris family's attention with Larry around. "That's great," he said with a smile.
Just as the words left his mouth, he could suddenly feel the temperature beside him drop significantly.
He fell silent and subconsciously turned to look at Lucian.
All he saw was his friend's gloomy expression as the temperature around them seemed to plummet. Jonathan had no idea what irritated him.
After thinking about it, Jonathan realized that it may be because of Larry. That was the only possible reason.
Is he... jealous?
Jonathan was incredibly shocked.
In his life, he had experienced many things. However, it was his first time seeing Lucian getting jealous over a lady.
Roxanne also noticed the sudden change in Lucian's expression. She frowned in confusion as she was perplexed by the reason behind his anger.
Because of Lucian's silent fury, the atmosphere in the living room seemed to tense up.
Roxanne clenched her fists tightly, trying her best to ignore Lucian's gaze. She then smiled at Jonathan nonchalantly. 
###Chapter 455
Seeing how Roxanne was still able to smile, Lucian's already grim face turned even colder. He could no longer hold back his anger as he asked, "You seem to have a good relationship with Mr. Morrison, Dr. Jarvis"
Both Jonathan and Roxanne were shocked at his sudden query.
Jonathan was sharp enough to notice the friction in the air and quietly kept his mouth shut in order to make his presence as little as possible.
After moments of stunned silence, Roxanne calmly met Lucian's gaze. "I've known Larry for a long time. He has taken great care of me, and I'm very thankful for that."
Upon hearing her reply, Lucian pursed his lips. "Is that so? Is it even longer than the years that we've known each other?" His tone was laced with mockery.
Roxanne's heart clenched at that. She subconsciously cast a look in Jonathan's direction.
Lucian's choice of words was more than enough to insinuate that there was something going on between them.
Fortunately for her, Jonathan's expression did not change at all. It seemed like he did not hear Lucian.
Roxanne sighed inwardly in relief and turned back to look at Lucian. "My friendship with Larry is incomparable with my relationship with you, Mr. Farwell."
Realizing that Roxanne was still trying to avoid talking about what had happened between them, Lucian's voice was filled with scorn as he replied, "You're right. I've only met you a few times, Dr. Jarvis. How could I ever compare with the many years of friendship between you and Mr. Morrison? I wonder to what extent has Archie and Benny accepted him?"
He was simply implying that Roxanne wanted Larry to be the father of her two children.
Roxanne's eyebrows knitted into a tighter knot. The anger in her tone was evident as she exclaimed, "Larry and I are just friends. Please refrain from speaking such nonsense, Mr. Farwell!" Lucian laughed tauntingly. He was just about to retort when Jonathan grabbed onto his arm and interrupted with a cough, "I think Grandpa is awake now. Let's go and check on him, Lucian." Before Lucian could even react, Jonathan grabbed him by the arm and signaled for
him to follow him upstairs.
Lucian looked at Roxanne, annoyance evident in his eyes as he shoved Jonathan's hand away wordlessly.
Seeing that, Jonathan felt an impending headache as he thought that Lucian was going to continue fighting with Roxanne.
Jonathan had deliberately created the opportunity for them to mend their relationship, not for them to argue with each other at his house.
Fortunately, Lucian said nothing further. After pushing Jonathan's hand away, he silently stood up and headed for the stairs.
Jonathan also scrambled to get up. "I apologize for his behavior, Dr. Jarvis. He doesn't mean anything, so don't dwell on it too much. We'll head upstairs to check in on Grandpa. Please wait for a moment. He'll be coming down soon." He smiled apologetically at Roxanne
Now that Jonathan had spoken up to ease the tension, Roxanne naturally would not say more about the situation. She suppressed the fury in her heart and nodded at him. Jonathan smiled sheepishly and followed after Lucian.
"What's going on with you, Lucian? Didn't you come here today to patch things up with Dr. Jarvis?" Jonathan couldn't help but ask after climbing to the upper floor. Lucian merely remained silent while wearing a grim expression.
He, too, did not know why he decided to come over.
Roxanne was estranged from both him and Estella. Moreover, the little girl had been so sad the previous night because of Roxanne.
Lucian had deliberately come over to talk to Roxanne on behalf of Estella, but he had lost his cool the moment Jonathan and Roxanne mentioned Larry's name.
If it hadn't been for Jonathan, who interrupted them in the nick of time, Lucian wouldn't know what words would come out of his mouth.
Observing the furious expression on his friend's face, Jonathan sighed helplessly. "With whatever that happened between the two of you six years ago, you have to be more patient with Dr. Jarvis if you want her to accept you." 
###Chapter 456
Lucian's brows knitted into a tight knot as he replied in a low voice, "Okay. I'll do my best to control myself."
Jonathan breathed a sigh of relief and turned to walk toward Alfred's room. "I think that Grandpa should be awake now. Let's go inside. To be honest, he will be incredibly happy to see you since you have not been able to visit for a long time."
"I really was pretty busy recently," Lucian said as he caught up with Jonathan.
"And yet, you still had the time to go to Summerbank with Dr. Jarvis," Jonathan teased
When Lucian recalled the events that had happened in that particular city, his face darkened. "I just happen to have work to take care of in Summerbank."
Jonathan smiled wordlessly.
The two men walked over to Alfred's room, and Jonathan raised a hand to knock on the door. After hearing Alfred's voice from inside the room, they opened the door and walked in.
"Grandpa, Lucian is here to see you," Jonathan said to Alfred with a smile after entering the room.
"Hello, Old Mr. Queen," Lucian greeted politely.
Alfred had just woken up from his nap. He tried to push himself up into a sitting position.
Jonathan quickly walked over to give Alfred a hand while Lucian filled some water into the cup that was on the table. The latter then walked over to Alfred and passed the cup to him.
Alfred took a sip of water and smiled at the young man next to him. "Things aren't as busy over at the company anymore?"
Lucian nodded. "Things are pretty slow at the office these days, therefore I decided to come and visit you. How have you been lately?"
"I've been feeling much better. As for you young people, please remember to take care of yourselves as well. Don't overwork yourself," Alfred said in contentment.
"I will. Don't worry," Lucian promised.
Jonathan reminded, "Grandpa, Dr. Jarvis is here as well. She's currently waiting
downstairs for you."
Upon hearing that Roxanne was here, Alfred glared at his grandson. "Why didn't you tell me earlier? Help me up."
With that, Jonathan carefully helped Alfred down the bed.
Roxanne had been waiting downstairs for a while when she saw Alfred walking down the stairs. She quickly stood up and greeted him.
"Please, have a seat. There's no need to be so polite." Alfred smiled and waved his hand dismissively.
Even so, Roxanne waited till Alfred had taken his seat on the couch before sitting down herself.
Jonathan sat silently at the spot that was furthest from Roxanne, leaving a place beside her for Lucian.
Noticing that Lucian was sitting incredibly near her, Roxanne pursed her lips and shifted her body, trying to widen the distance between them.
Lucian frowned in displeasure when he saw her movements.
"The medical consultation is going to start next week at the orphanage located on the outskirts of the city. How are your preparations?" The old man was oblivious to what was going on in the younger generation's minds. He looked at Roxanne with concern in his eyes.
"I'm mostly done with my preparations. I've been doing research on congenital diseases among children recently," Roxanne replied.
After knowing that the recent medical consultations held by the Damaris family were all aimed at children with congenital diseases, Roxanne specifically searched for previous records on the diseases. She even analyzed the medical records of children that the Damaris family had treated. After studying those documents, Roxanne managed to gain more knowledge.
Alfred smiled kindly. "It looks like you've put in a lot of effort. However, there's no need to put too much pressure on yourself. After all, you are Harvey's student. You should have some confidence in yourself." Roxanne nodded obediently.
Alfred then turned to look at Jonathan. "Go and bring me the recommendation letter in the drawer of my study," he instructed the latter.
Jonathan nodded and got up. Before he walked toward the stairs, he worriedly
glanced at Lucian. He was afraid that Lucian would start arguing with Roxanne once he left. 
###Chapter 457
Meanwhile, Alfred was trying to persuade Roxanne to consider Larry. "You're still young. You shouldn't be putting your entire focus on work. I heard that Larry would be at the upcoming medical consultation as well. I remember the two of you getting along pretty well during my birthday celebration previously."
After hearing the old man's words, Roxanne felt rather speechless.
Alfred seemed to be especially concerned about her love life. First, he suggested that she consider Jonathan. Two days ago, he brought up the representative from the Damaris family, and now, it was Larry. She was rather impressed by the man's efforts in trying to get her attached.
"You and Larry are quite compatible since you are both practicing medicine," Alfred emphasized, having put some thought into the situation.
As Roxanne felt bad to reject his suggestion immediately, she looked at the man awkwardly and replied, "I'll think about it after the medical consultation. That's all that's on my mind now. I'm not in the mood to think about anything else."
Alfred gave the woman a disapproving look before saying, "Even though you can wait, your two kids can't. They're still so young. How can they grow up without a dad?"
Seeing how persistent Alfred was, Roxanne's head was starting to hurt.
Besides, she could feel the surrounding atmosphere getting increasingly tense.
The woman had a crease between her brows as she glanced at Lucian, who was wearing a grim expression, and could feel her temples throbbing.
Just when she was thinking of how to end the topic, Lucian spoke. "Old Mr. Queen, Dr. Jarvis had brought up her kids all by herself all these years. If she really were to find them a dad, she would have to consider it carefully. I don't think you need to worry about it."
Alfred frowned when he heard that and sighed. "You're right. You have it easier than Dr. Jarvis in this aspect. After all, you have Aubree taking care of Essie, and the two o you are also getting married soon. If you know of anyone suitable for Dr. Jarvis, you should introduce him to her."
Lucian's eyes darkened. After shooting a glance at Roxanne, he replied curtly, "OK."
After accidentally meeting Lucian's gaze and hearing the conversation between the man and Alfred, conflicting emotions welled up in Roxanne's heart.
On the other hand, Alfred, who was feeling rather satisfied with Lucian's response, changed the topic back to the medical consultation.
Just then. Jonathan walked down the stairs with the recommendation letter in his hand. When he reached the first floor, he detected the tense atmosphere in the room at once. Having a bad feeling in his heart, he hurried toward Alfred and said, "Grandpa. here's the recommendation letter."
After passing the letter to his grandfather, Jonathan cautiously took a quick glance at the two people beside him and noticed that their expressions were obviously darker compared to earlier on.
Roxanne was still smiling a little while discussing matters regarding the medical consultation with Alfred.
However, Lucian was completely expressionless and was exuding a frightening aura.
As Alfred was engrossed in the discussion with Roxanne, he did not notice it.
Jonathan sat down next to his grandfather nervously, feeling confused. He wondered what had happened during the short time he was away.
Roxanne had noticed Lucian casting intermittent glances at her but tried to suppress the uncomfortable feeling in her heart. When the topic of the medical consultation ended, she took the opportunity to take her leave. "Old Mr. Queen, if there isn't anything else, I shall not disturb you any further. I had intended to check on your condition, but today doesn't seem appropriate for that. I'll come again another day," she said to Alfred.
Without thinking much about it, Alfred handed the recommendation letter to the woman and said goodbye to her after reminding her about some matters. 
###Chapter 458
After watching Roxanne leave, Lucian's gaze darkened. The next moment, he stood up casually and said, "Old Mr. Queen, I suddenly remembered that I have to settle something at the office. I'm really relieved to see that you're recovering well. If there's nothing else, i shall make a move too."
Alfred furrowed his brows slightly when he heard that. He remembered Lucian telling him that he was free those two days. As such, he found it strange that the man suddenly said that he was busy. However, Alfred was understanding, knowing that Lucian was responsible for the entire Farwell Group.
"I had wanted to ask you to stay for dinner, but since you're busy, I won't keep you here any longer. You should get going now. Work is more important," Alfred said before continuing earnestly, "Remember to get enough rest and take care of your health."
Lucian agreed and turned to leave.
When Jonathan saw that his friend was going off, he stood up immediately and followed Lucian. "Wait! I'll walk you out."
When the two men left the house, they saw Roxanne, who was already reaching the mansion's entrance, right away.
Just when Jonathan was about to say something, Lucian was one step ahead of him.
Wc
DAT
"I know what you want to say. I'll take note of that."
After saying that, Lucian strode away immediately without waiting for his friend's reply.
Jonathan sighed helplessly as he watched Lucian approach Roxanne.
Roxanne was waiting for the housekeeper to open the gate for her at the entrance of the manor when she heard footsteps coming from behind.
She turned around instinctively and met the man's cold gaze.
Roxanne was stunned for a moment when she locked eyes with Lucian. After regaining her senses, she took a step toward the side and nodded slightly as a form of acknowledgment. Even though there was still some distance between the two of them, Roxanne could clearly feel the cold aura exuded by the man.
The woman dug her fingers into her palms to calm herself down.
She was eagerly waiting for the gate to open so that she could get into her car and not face Lucian anymore.
However, Lucian did not intend to let her off so easily.
When Roxanne saw the gate opening, her eyes lit up and she started walking outside.
After taking just one step, a large hand grabbed her wrist. "Ms. Jarvis, are you just so eager to avoid me?"
Lucian's voice rang out next to her, sounding somewhat angry.
When Roxanne heard that, her expression froze before she stopped walking and turned to face the man. "Mr. Farwell, we can talk if you have something to say, but please let go of me." After saying that, she tried to struggle out of Lucian's grip.
Roxanne did not want to make a scene at someone else's house, and nor did she want to create any more misunderstandings.
However, the man tightened his grip and said, "Ms. Jarvis, do you really intend for Mr. Morrison to become Archie and Benny's father?" Lucian's voice was so frosty that it sent chills down Roxanne's spine. Roxanne found the man's question extremely ridiculous. Looking at Lucian in disbelief, she said, "I've already told you that Larry and I are just friends. Mr. Farwell, please stop making such baseless statements!"
Lucian let out a cold snort before replying, "Baseless? Ms. Jarvis, you seem so comfortable wearing Mr. Morrison's clothes. What other basis do I need? Besides, when Old Mr. Queen mentioned Mr. Morrison just now, you didn't deny it as well."
Roxanne froze when she heard that.
When did I wear Larry's clothes?
The only time she could recall wearing his clothes was when they were in Summerbank. Back then, he had only lent her his jacket as she was freezing.
However, at that time, Lucian had already left. How did he know about that?
Suddenly, a speculation popped up in Roxanne's mind and she glared at the man furiously. "Did you send someone to spy on me?"
She had asked him the same question before when they were in Summerbank, but
the man had denied it. As such, Roxanne had assumed that she was just overthinking
However, if he did not do that, how could he possibly know so much? 
###Chapter 459
Ignoring her question, Lucian stared at Roxanne coldly and continued asking, "How far has your relationship with him progressed?"
Roxanne had a deep crease between her brows when she heard that question. With a stern voice, she replied, "Lucian, stop being ridiculous. There's absolutely nothing between Larry and me. Even if there is, it's none of your business. What right do you have to interfere with my personal life?"
Lucian clenched his fists and tried hard to suppress his rage.
The atmosphere was getting tenser by the second.
Roxanne felt exhausted talking to the man, who was acting in such a stubborn manner.
"Mr. Farwell, please know your place." A few seconds later, the woman looked away and said coldly, "I have to go now. Please let me go."
When Roxanne felt Lucian loosening his grip, she retracted her hand at once and looked up at him. "Mr. Farwell, Larry and me are really just friends. As such, please don't give him any trouble. Also, I would appreciate it if you could stop keeping watch on me."
After saying that, without waiting for Lucian to reply, Roxanne turned around and got into her car at once, as if she could not wait to get away from the man.
Lucian was only jolted back to his senses after Roxanne's car disappeared into the distance.
He then slammed his tightly clenched fists into the car door.
Even though he knew that Roxanne was right when she said he was in no position to interfere with her personal life, he could not help feeling angry at the thought of her getting close to another man! "Lucian?" Frieda, who had just returned home, spotted Lucian at the gate and approached him excitedly.
However, when she got closer to him, she could clearly feel the cold aura surrounding the man.
Sensing that, Frieda's heart skipped a beat. The terrifying look on Lucian's face had made her forget what she wanted to say to him a moment ago, but unfortunately, she already caught Lucian's attention. When Frieda met Lucian's chilly gaze, her mind went blank and her smile froze. "Are you... leaving?"
"Yeah," Lucian replied coldly.
Feeling extremely nervous, Frieda tightened her grip around her bag and asked in a fluster, "Umm... Is Aubree recovering well? I haven't visited her these two days, and I'm not sure how..." Without waiting for her to finish her sentence, Lucian shot the woman a cold glance before opening the car door and getting into his car.
Frieda's voice stopped abruptly as the car door slammed shut right in front of her.
The next second, the car sped away, almost grazing her body.
Frieda got a shock and took a few steps backward at once. She was only able to regain her composure after Lucian's car disappeared from her sight.
After standing by the gate for a few more moments to collect herself, she turned around and entered the mansion.
Meanwhile, Alfred and Jonathan were sitting on the couch while talking about office matters. When they saw Frieda entering, the two men looked toward her simultaneously.
"Grandpa," Frieda greeted Alfred before sitting down next to him, hugging his arm affectionately
Alfred had always doted on Frieda. Although he had flared up at her previously, it had already been a few days. Besides, Roxanne's matter had been settled as well. As such, he was no longer mad at his granddaughter and acknowledged her with a smile.
"Where did you go?" Jonathan looked at his sister with a frown.
"I went shopping with my friends," Frieda replied sweetly.
After saying that, she looked at her brother cautiously and continued, "Lucian was here just now?"
Jonathan cocked his brows and asked, "How did you know that?"
When Frieda thought of what happened at the gate earlier on, she sulked and complained, "I met him at the gate just now. He's in such a bad mood! I wonder what got into him." 
###Chapter 460
Chapter 460 After hearing what Frieda said, Jonathan subconsciously turned to look at Alfred.
Alfred appeared puzzled.
They were happily chatting not too long ago. Then, Lucian said something had cropped up at work and left hurriedly. Yet, why did Frieda say he had appeared angry? Judging from Frieda's demeanor, Lucian was clearly quite annoyed. Did something happen at
work?
On the other hand, Jonathan could guess what had happened. He knew Lucian must have argued with Roxanne again.
Although he tried his best to create opportunities for the both of them to patch up, it seemed pointless as all their meetings would always end with an argument.
I wonder if they are sick of fighting so much because I sure am tired of watching them do that.
Looking at Jonathan and Alfred's reactions, Frieda was baffled.
At first, she thought Lucian was irked with the two of them. However, she realized then they were not the cause of his irritation.
So why is he so angry? He did not even react when I brought up Aubree.
After leaving the Queen residence, Roxanne glanced at her watch and noted that it was still working hours at the research institute. Hence, she decided to head back there.
On her way there, Lucian's words rang in her head relentlessly.in
She felt tormented.
It was not the first time he questioned her relationship with Larry.
If the clock were to turn back to six years ago when they were still a married couple, Lucian would never ask her such questions.
He would not be bothered by how close she was to other men. On the contrary, he might even feel at ease with it.
Now, they were no longer related. Yet, Lucian was harping on the issue and even grew mad with her.
Roxanne could no longer tell what he was thinking.
When she returned to the research institute, Colby was still working in the research facility. He turned around and was surprised to find Roxanne there. "I thought you went to the Queen residence! Why are you back this quickly?"
Acting unbothered, Roxanne shrugged. "After I wrapped up my business there, I came back."
Sensing something off with Roxanne's reaction, Colby continued to look at her with concern.
However, Roxanne buried herself in work straight away. After she noticed Colby staring at her, she merely smiled faintly at him.
In spite of that, Colby felt upset when he saw her gaze.
Judging from Roxanne's expression, he knew she was not ready to share anything. As such, he did not pursue the matter and could only watch Roxanne remain in low spirits.
The only thing he could do was help her with her workload at the research institute.
With that in mind, Colby started with some of Roxanne's work.
That took Roxanne by some surprise.
"The Damaris family's medical consultation should be happening in a few days, right?" Colby asserted, "You should prioritize that and prepare for it. Leave your research institute duties to me." Hearing that, Roxanne pursed her lips before she hesitantly replied, "Thank you for your help.”
Colby smiled back at her reassuringly.
The rest of their colleagues in the research institute also knew that Roxanne would attend the Damaris family's medical consultation. Therefore, they did not hesitate to offer their help too.
"Dr. Jarvis, you should take the time to prepare for the medical consultation and help boost the name of our research institute."
"Dr. Jarvis, don't worry. We are here to help with the work so you can have peace of mind to focus on the medical consultation."
Everyone knew the Damaris family was reputable in Chanaea's traditional medicine scene. If they could gain the Damaris family's favor, it would help make their
research institute seem more esteemed.
Roxanne felt touched by everyone's supportive words. After she thanked them, she returned to her office. 
###Chapter 461
Roxanne was the only one in the empty office.
She turned on her laptop, intending to research more about congenital diseases among children. However, she could not absorb anything she read.
Her initial plan for coming back to the research institute was to work as she hoped to use it to forget about Lucian's words earlier.
Little did she expect everyone to be so supportive about the medical consultation.
Sitting alone in the office, she could not decipher her mixed feelings.
She could not retain much information even after staring at the screen for a long time.
Right as she reached the peak of her frustration, her phone suddenly rang.
Roxanne picked up her phone and froze when she saw who the caller was. Although she was hesitant, she still decided to answer the call. "Roxanne, how is your preparation coming along?"
It was Larry on the other end of the line.
Suppressing her emotions, Roxanne calmly replied, "I'm still trying to understand the Damaris family's research approach. How about you?"
Larry chuckled. "Me too. However, I will be going there with the intention to learn, so I did not prepare much."
After they exchanged some of their findings, Larry suggested, "The medical consultation will be happening this weekend, and it will be out of town. I could swing by to pick you up and head to the medical consultation together. What do you think?"
Previously, Roxanne had already agreed to go there with him. Despite so, when Larry brought it up again, Lucian's furious expression appeared in her mind's eye.
A short moment of silence passed. Massaging her temples, Roxanne answered in an apologetic tone, "Larry, I think I will head there on my own."
Instantly, Larry frowned when he heard her reply. "What's wrong? I thought we agreed to go to the medical consultation together."
"I went to Old Mr. Queen to get a recommendation letter from him earlier. By
chance, I found out that the Morrison and Damaris families are well acquainted. Old Mr. Queen thinks I could get to know the Damaris family better if I headed there with you. However, I would rather rely on my own abilities instead."
It was not an excuse she thought of on the spot. In fact, that had crossed her mind while she was in the Queen residence.
When Jonathan brought up the relationship between Larry and the Damaris family, she felt comforted. At the same time, she realized it was not how she wanted things to pan out
It was true that she could use Larry's relationship with the Damaris family to her advantage. That way, when the Damaris family decided on who to collaborate with in the future, she would gain priority. However, she worried the Damaris family would give her special treatment during the medical consultation. As a result, she might not be able to showcase her full strengths to them. Ultimately, she hoped to gain the Damaris family's favor through her own capabilities.
After listening to her reply, Larry remained quiet for a while. Then, he cheekily stated, "All right. You can have your way. However, do not pretend we are strangers during the medical consultation, okay?"
He was well aware of Roxanne's character and knew she never liked to rely on others. At the same time, he also knew how capable she was and believed she could impress the Damaris family without his help.
Therefore, he was not surprised when Roxanne rejected his offer.
Roxanne chuckled. "Okay."
"If you need anything during the medical consultation, feel free to look for me. Although I might not be as skilled as you in traditional medicine, I could still give you some ideas," Larry continued. "Sure," Roxanne agreed with a smile.
Then, they continued to exchange a few more words before they ended the call.
Finally, Roxanne felt more composed to continue her preparation. Before she got off work, she had thoroughly analyzed all her research. 
###Chapter 462
The night before the medical consultation, Roxanne inevitably felt nervous.
After dinner, she headed to her study early and planned to go through all the information she had gathered over the past few days.
Only a few minutes had passed when she heard a knock on her door.
Roxanne looked up from her laptop and called out, "Come in."
As soon as she spoke, Archie and Benny pushed open the door and walked in with a smile.
Archie had a cup of coffee while Benny carried a plate with a slice of cake.
Carefully, the two children placed the things down on the table. "Thank you, Darlings," Roxanne cooed as she lovingly ruffled their hair.
Archie and Benny grinned before curiously peeking at Roxanne's screen.
When they were abroad, the boys spent much of their childhood in the research institute. Having been in that environment, they had acquired some basic knowledge, so they had a rough idea of what was easy or difficult.
After reading some of the information on Roxanne's laptop, the children quietly looked away.
Despite their knowledge, Roxanne's preparation work was still too advanced for them.
"All the best, Mommy!" Benny cheered.
Roxanne could not help but smile at the encouragement. "Thank you, Darling. I will try my best!"
Beside her, Archie puffed up his chest to act like an adult. He nagged, "Mommy, do not stay up too late. Since the medical consultation is an important event, you should have a good rest to perform your best tomorrow!"
"Yes, I will," Roxanne readily agreed.
"Mommy, you are already very skilled. Even if you do not prepare anything, I'm sure you will shine the brightest tomorrow," Benny quickly added to gain some brownie points.
Their words only made Roxanne amused. She planted a kiss on their foreheads and
replied, "Thank you for supporting me. I will do my best tomorrow. Meanwhile, both of you should go to bed. After I finish reading this, I will head to bed too."
The children knew they would only distract Roxanne from her work if they stayed longer. Therefore, they obediently heeded her words and left the study.
Soon, the room was silent again. Glancing at the coffee and cake, Roxanne felt a surge of warmth enveloping her.
She spent some time reading the documents before realizing it was getting late. Since she felt prepared, she got up and decided to get some rest.
When she stepped out of the study, she noticed two heads shrinking back from the open bedroom door.
At the sight of that, Roxanne could not hold back her laughter. She headed to their bedroom and questioned, "Why aren't both of you sleeping?"
Immediately, the two children embraced her and coyly whined, "We wanted to keep an eye on you! If you stayed up late, it would not be good for you. Therefore, we were just about to ask you to have an early night."
Their thoughtfulness melted Roxanne's heart, and she caressed the boys' heads. After she tucked them into bed, she headed back to her bedroom.
She felt excited yet nervous about the medical consultation the next day.
Luckily, she managed to calm herself and fall asleep quickly.
The next day, Roxanne woke up on time. As soon as she opened the door, she saw two small figures standing outside her room.
The two boys wore white shirts and black slacks with suspenders. With their hair slicked back, they looked like little princes. Tilting their head up, they greeted Roxanne energetically, "Good morning, Mommy!" Taking in her children's appearance, Roxanne felt her mood lifting, and the pressure she had felt before seemed to have disappeared.
She took the two children down for breakfast, and they lovingly filled her plate with food. Before she left, they did not forget to cheer her on.
Roxanne thought it was funny but heartwarming at the same time. 
###Chapter 463
After bidding her children goodbye, Roxanne drove to the location where the medical consultation would take place.
The event was scheduled to start at ten in the morning. Afraid of being late, Roxanne left the house at eight.
Since her return to Horington, she had spent most of her time in the city. Hence, she was rather unfamiliar with the roads on the outskirts. Although she turned on her navigator, she still took several detours. When she finally reached the orphanage, more than a few cars were already parked outside.
Looks like I arrived later than expected.
Slightly exasperated, Roxanne furrowed her brows. She grabbed her recommendation letter before quickly getting out of her car and heading to the
entrance.
There was a queue outside consisting of doctors from different parts of the country with letters of recommendation, and almost all of them were middle-aged men.
When it was Roxanne's turn, the man in charge took a glimpse of her and politely reminded her, "Miss, are you at the wrong place? The Damaris family has organized a medical consultation here. Are you sure you are,"
Hearing that, Roxanne was taken aback. She then interrupted him. "I know. I'm here to take part in it."
The man suspiciously stared at her and thought it did not seem right.
Previously, the people who entered were all middle-aged men. Most of them seemed to have the same refined and mellow personality.
Roxanne was neither middle-aged nor a male. As such, she was different from the
rest.
Compared to the rest, she stood out like a sore thumb.
To the man in charge of the registration, she seemed more like an actress coming for a shoot than a doctor seeking to participate in a free medical consultation for children.
The other doctors lining up also looked at Roxanne in confusion, thinking she was there to cause trouble.
At that moment, Roxanne took the recommendation letter from Alfred out of her bag. She passed it to the man and stated, "Here is my recommendation letter. Please have a look at it."
The man skeptically took her letter and opened it. He glanced through it before looking at Roxanne in surprise. After a moment, he snapped back to his senses, moved aside, and bowed to Roxanne. "Dr. Jarvis, I apologize for my rudeness. I thought you were an actress coming here to film."
Roxanne simply pursed her lips and smiled without saying anything.
Although there was a misunderstanding, she had to admit people from the Damaris family were well-mannered. Even though he thought she had come to the wrong place, he did not treat her with disrespect. As such, Roxanne did not take it to heart.
"Please come in. There will be someone inside who will lead you to Mr. Damaris."
The man gestured for her to enter.
Roxanne politely thanked him and took her recommendation letter with her inside.
The Damaris family had transformed the orphanage. They had built cubicles in the courtyard, and people were already waiting in them, appearing to have been sent over by the Damaris family to aid the doctors.
Meanwhile, children were leaning against the windows, looking out curiously at the courtyard.
Roxanne turned to those children and instantly felt her heart melt for them. Naturally, she gave them a warm smile.
It was the first time those children had seen someone as pretty as Roxanne. Seeing her beautiful smile, the children could not help but blush.
At the same time, one of the workers there came to greet Roxanne.
Like the man at the door, the next employee was surprised to see Roxanne. Subconsciously, he looked behind her to see if there was a camera somewhere.
Roxanne politely smiled and automatically passed him her recommendation letter. "Hello. Old Mr. Queen recommended I join the medical consultation. Earlier, your colleague told me someone would bring me to Mr. Damaris. Please lead the way."
When the employee heard that, he suspiciously took her letter. After confirming her identity, he turned to bring her further into the building.
Along the way, Roxanne expected to see many doctors there. After all, many had queued up outside earlier.
On the contrary, she did not meet many people, which seemed strange. 
###Chapter 464
When they arrived in front of the director's office, Larry coincidentally came out from it. Upon spotting Roxanne, he chuckled and waved to her. "Did you just arrive?"
Roxanne nodded. She wanted to share what had happened earlier. However, there was no time to tell him about it.
"Mr. Damaris is waiting inside, and you should head in soon. This year, not many prestigious families recommended others here. It might only be us two," Larry stated. Roxanne was slightly confused by his words. She did not understand how that made a difference.
Before she could ask more, the employee knocked on the office door and invited her in. Quickly, Roxanne had to calm herself and prepare to head inside.
The moment she entered the door, she spotted a skinny young man. Perhaps because of how thin he was, his features were more prominent.
"Mr. Damaris, this is Dr. Jarvis. The Queen family recommended her," the employee introduced.
The man slowly looked up at Roxanne.
When she met his gaze, Roxanne respectfully introduced herself, "Hello, the Queen family recommended me to participate in this medical consultation. My name is Roxanne Jarvis." The man eyed her.
Over the last few years, the Damaris family would typically accept doctors recommended by prestigious families to participate in medical consultations organized by them. It was no exception this year. To show his respect, he would meet each of them in person.
The doctors endorsed by prestigious families were usually members of those families. Most of them had already made a name for themselves in the traditional medicine scene as well.
However, the woman before him, recommended by the Queen family, was different. She was not from the Queen family, and Jack had never even heard of her name. He only knew she had treated Alfred. Jack had asked Larry about her earlier and understood that she was Harvey's student.
Despite having some knowledge about her, he did not expect Roxanne to be a young and beautiful woman.
As he scrutinized her, Roxanne could not help but feel nervous. Even so, she stood there with confidence.
After some time, the man looked away and curled his lips into a smile. He stretched out his hand and welcomed her, "I have heard much about you. My name is Jack Damaris, and I'm the person in charge of the medical consultation this time."
Roxanne reached out to shake hands with him.
Somehow, Jack seemed cold when he did not speak. However, once he opened his mouth, he seemed like a warm person.
Roxanne could not help but think about the man who welcomed her at the door and attributed it to the Damaris family's good upbringing.
As for Jack, she had heard of him before.
Over the past few days, Roxanne had read up on the Damaris family while studying for the medical consultation. She knew that Jack was Hector's grandson and also the best doctor from the Damaris family's youngest generation.
As the Damaris family had been keeping a low profile in recent years, Jack rarely showed up in front of the public, and it made him seem mysterious.
When she was going through that information, Roxanne could not help but wonder what kind of a person he was. Now, she could finally put a face to the person she had read about.
"I heard you used traditional medicine to treat Old Mr. Queen's condition," Jack said in a low voice.
Nodding, Roxanne explained, "According to my judgment, using traditional medicine was more suitable in treating Old Mr. Queen's condition. It would also work faster."
Then, she looked up to see Jack's reaction.
It seemed like he wanted her to continue.
Therefore, Roxanne recounted her journey in treating Alfred's illness.
Jack raised his brows while hearing her speak. He was surprised by how composed the young lady was when she talked about Alfred's condition. In addition, he had to admit that she made sense. 
###Chapter 465
When Alfred was severely ill, the Damaris family sent quite a few people to help him get back in shape. However, as he was quite weak, they did not dare to use overly drastic measures. Once Alfred told her of his condition, Roxanne inserted each needle in his critical points before managing to save him.
After hearing Roxanne's analysis, Jack could not help but ask, "Considering Old Mr. Queen's health back then, what reason did you have to decide on such an acupuncture method?' Roxanne was stunned for a while. Back then, she had taken a huge risk. If she explained it to Jack like that, he might not believe her.
After all, her method was too risky.
Upon that thought, Roxanne hesitated for a moment before explaining, "I chanced upon it in a medical book. Coincidentally, Old Mr. Queen's condition matched what was described there, so I wanted to give it a try."
Jack nodded in understanding, not suspecting her words at all.
It was true that Harvey had a few precious books. Since Roxanne was his disciple, it was not strange that she would have read those books.
Furthermore, Roxanne was still very young. Jack did not believe that her medical skills would be extremely advanced.
"Luckily, you thought of that idea. Otherwise, he wouldn't have recovered so quickly," said Jack politely with a smile.
Roxanne responded with a humble smile.
They chatted for a while. Jack's polite attitude caused Roxanne to let her guard down slowly.
Initially, she assumed that Jack would be arrogant because he was from the Damaris family. To her surprise, the Damaris family had remarkable upbringing methods, and he was very humble. Seems like our cooperation will be very smooth in the future.
A staff knocked on the door and entered. "Mr. Damaris, the hospital is already prepared. The kids are waiting."
When Jack heard that, a serious expression crossed his face. “It's almost time. Dr. Jarvis, let's change our clothes and prepare.”
Roxanne nodded before following the staff to change her clothes.
When she walked out of the changing room, she bumped into Larry again.
Although she had already mentally prepared herself, she could not help but feel... nervous now that the medical consultation was about to start. When she saw a familiar face, her anxiety dissipated slightly. Smiling, she greeted him, "Larry!"
Larry returned her smile and patted her shoulder. "Don't be nervous. Just treat it as a normal consultation with a kid. With your skills, there should be no problems."
Roxanne smiled.
As they spoke, Jack also walked over after changing his clothes. "Are you ready? Let's
go."
As they were about to start work, Jack looked very serious. His stern aura returned to him.
Roxanne was stunned for a while before shooting a look at Larry instinctively.
Larry smiled. "He knows that we are acquaintances. In fact, he even asked me about you earlier. I'm sorry that your efforts went to waste."
By saying that, he was referring to how Roxanne chose to come alone in order to avoid any suspicions.
Since Jack already knew that she was acquainted with Larry, Roxanne felt calmer. She nodded at Larry before walking out together with the other man.
Only a few minutes had passed, but there was now a lot more equipment in the courtyard compared to when she first arrived.
Roxanne scanned the place.
Although the Damaris family was a prestigious family in the traditional medicine field, there were quite a few pieces of modern medical equipment placed in the courtyard. This was to make it easier to treat the children.
The doctors who were queuing up earlier had already entered their own cubicles. Smiling amiably, they looked at the children waiting to enter.
Everything looked very formal. 
###Chapter 466
Roxanne walked into her cubicle briskly. There was already another doctor waiting there. When he saw that she was just a young woman, he thought that she was merely a useless person whom the family had recommended. Hence, he ignored her.
Larry followed her in.
There were two to three doctors in each cubicle, as well as someone from the Damaris family.
Their cubicle was the most well-equipped out of all the cubicles. There were two doctors recommended by the prestigious family and a famous traditional medicine doctor. Even Jack was accompanying them personally.
When Larry entered, Daniel Hopp's expression changed. Smiling, he welcomed Larry. "Mr. Morrison, it's been a long time."
Larry nodded calmly. "Long time no see, Dr. Hopp."
Daniel grinned at him in a flattering manner. He kept following behind Larry and showering him with care. However, he ignored Roxanne completely.
Roxanne did not mind his coldness. Instead, she focused on checking all the equipment. Then, she nodded at Jack, who was standing at the entrance, signaling that she was ready.
All the equipment they were using today had been customized by the Damaris family. Hence, the family members waiting in the cubicles were meant to introduce the equipment to the doctors. Jack was supposed to guide Roxanne and Larry personally.
Jack had just returned after checking up on the others. When he entered to explain the equipment to Roxanne, he realized that she had already finished all the checks skillfully, as if she had used the equipment multiple times before.
Evidently, Roxanne had prepared well before coming
A flash of surprise appeared in Jack's eyes as he wondered how Roxanne had discovered these secrets.
However, he gave it further thought and remembered that Roxanne was not only recommended by Alfred but was also Harvey's student. It was not surprising that she knew the Damaris family's matters. Even so, it was rare that someone would spend so much effort for this medical
consultation.
"Do you know how to use all these?" Intrigued by Roxanne's performance, Jack walked over.
When Jack entered, Daniel wanted to greet him as well. However, Jack merely nodded at him politely before directing his gaze to Roxanne.
Roxanne nodded humbly. "I read up on them before coming. However, since it's my first time using them, I don't know if I might have made any mistakes. Please explain them to me again, Dr. Damaris." Jack gazed at her broodingly before explaining. He spoke slowly so she would understand
Roxanne listened attentively at the side and asked some meticulous questions occasionally.
She had been amazed when she read about the equipment the Damaris family had invented. After listening to Jack introduce them personally, she felt a greater urge to familiarize herself with them. Looking at how curious she was, Jack maintained his patience and answered all of her questions.
Larry was listening attentively too.
However, Daniel was very distracted.
When he saw how nicely Jack was treating Roxanne, his expression changed gradually. His initial indifference morphed into indignance.
That woman obviously doesn't know anything! How dare she keep asking Mr. Damaris these questions? It's even more frustrating how patient he is with her!
The only possibility Daniel could think of was that Roxanne had a powerful background. Otherwise, Jack would not have treated her so differently.
Even though he had so much experience, Jack did not even spare him another glance.
On the other hand, Roxanne was so engrossed in Jack's explanation that she did not even notice Daniel staring at her. 
###Chapter 467
After Jack was finally done explaining, the cubicle became quiet again. Daniel immediately approached Jack and asked, "Mr. Damaris, when will the medical consultation start?" Jack glanced at the time and replied, "Soon. Please wait for a moment. We are preparing outside."
Daniel nodded. Shooting Roxanne a weird look, he asked Jack, "We've got a serious responsibility here. Why don't we bring a few more doctors from another cubicle
over?"
When Roxanne and the rest heard him, they glanced at him in confusion, not knowing why he would suggest that.
Jack asked directly, "Why? Do you think that you will be too busy, Dr. Hopp?"
Daniel shook his hands. "If there are four doctors here, we'd definitely have enough people. But now... I'm afraid that the check-ups for the kids will not be meticulous enough, and some mistakes might happen."
As Daniel spoke, he deliberately glanced at Roxanne. In other words, he was suggesting that she was not professional enough.
Only then did Roxanne realize that Daniel was not satisfied with her. She could not help but feel confused.
I don't even know him, yet he's being so hostile toward me.
She normally did not mind people doubting her medical skills. However, on this special occasion, she felt uncomfortable.
Jack followed the direction of Daniel's gaze and glanced at Roxanne. However, he quickly averted his gaze and said coldly, "Dr. Hopp, are you saying that someone's skills here aren't up to par?" Although Daniel merely smiled without saying anything, he was implicitly affirming what Jack said.
At that, Jack raised his eyebrows and looked at Roxanne.
While he also doubted Roxanne's medical skills, he believed that Alfred and Harvey would not recommend an incapable traditional medicine doctor to him.
Still, he would not defend her based on this teeny bit of trust alone.
Observing this ridiculous'scene from the side, Larry frowned. "Dr. Hopp, we are all doctors. At this critical juncture, please don't affect other people's moods. It'll soon become clear whose skills aren't up to par." Daniel did not expect Larry to speak up on behalf of Roxanne. A flash of surprise appeared in his eyes as he stared at the three of them suspiciously.
It was obvious what he was thinking.
A grim look flashed across the three people's faces simultaneously.
Jack frowned. However, out of concern for the Damaris family's reputation, he did not reveal any fury.
Unable to stand it, Roxanne strode toward Daniel and said coldly, "Dr. Hopp, we don't know each other at all. But since you're older than me, I can understand if you doubt my medical skills. However, you're crossing the line by misunderstanding me like that!"
Daniel did not expect Roxanne to be so aggressive. Even though he wanted to rebuke her, he decided against it and remained silent.
"Regarding the concerns you raised earlier, I can tell you very clearly that I won't be a burden to anyone. If I display a single unprofessional act, you can raise it up with me anytime. I'll leave on my own. The medical consultations target children. I won't joke around with children's lives!" Roxanne stood in front of Daniel with a serious expression.
Daniel's agitation dissipated slightly. He sounded quite hesitant when he said, "Since you've already said that, if anything wrong happens later,"
Before he could finish his sentence, Larry's gentle voice sounded in the cubicle. "If anything goes wrong, I'll settle it for her. You just need to mind yourself, Dr. Hopp." 
###Chapter 468
When Daniel heard Larry's words, he completely lost all anger. Although he kept quiet timidly, he still could not help but look down on Roxanne.
He was one of the top doctors in Chanaea's traditional medicine scene. Other than those from a few prestigious families, any other traditional medicine doctor would treat him with the utmost respect.
He also knew the other famous traditional medicine doctors in Chanaea.
However, he had no idea who Roxanne was. It was evident that she was no one spectacular.
If she didn't have Mr. Morrison and Mr. Damaris backing her up, she wouldn't have dared to speak to me like that!
Looking at how Daniel had relented, Larry turned back and nodded at Roxanne to reassure her.
Roxanne said gratefully, "Thank you, Larry. Don't worry; I'm doing great now."
Initially, she was quite nervous. However, due to Daniel's provocation, her anxiety had now been replaced with fury. All she wanted to do was to prove herself to Daniel and erase his prejudice toward her. Larry heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that she was not affected.
On the other hand, Jack stared at them with a thoughtful look.
After meeting Larry in the office earlier, he already knew that they were acquainted.
However, he did not expect them to be so close.
A temporary silence befell the cubicle.
Then, a commotion sounded from the door before a staff reminded, "Mr. Damaris, the medical consultation has begun. The children are here."
When they heard that, they immediately went into work mode. They changed their expressions and looked at the cubicle door with a smile.
Four adorable children entered in a line.
When they saw the four adults in the room, they could not help but blush.
Although Daniel was a middle-aged man with a beer belly, the other three were
exceptionally good-looking. Despite the amiable smiles on the adults' faces, the kids felt shy. They stood at the entrance and hesitated to enter. Jack was quite experienced with these sorts of situations. Just when he was about to go forward to bring them in, Roxanne had already gone over.
"Hello!" Smiling, Roxanne squatted in front of the kids and stroked their heads affectionately.
When she approached them, the kids became even shyer. Blushing, they tried to retreat.
However, Roxanne produced some sweets out of nowhere, placed them in her palm, and showed them to the kids. She said gently, "This sweet is delicious. Would you like to try it?" The kids had no immunity to sweets. They stared at Roxanne's palm eagerly.
However, still smiling, she withdrew her hand. She stood up and extended an empty hand to a girl. "Come here! After I give you a check-up, I'll let you eat some sweets."
The girl stared at her timidly, thinking that Roxanne was not only pretty but also smelled fragrant. Gazing at her with a smile, Roxanne looked like she was shining brightly.
When Roxanne noticed the look on the child's face, she could not help but remember how Estella was similarly scared when they first met.
Upon that thought, the look on Roxanne's face became gentler as she looked at the kid patiently.
After a while, the girl extended her hand carefully and grabbed one of Roxanne's fingers.
Heaving a sigh of relief, Roxanne brought the kid over to a bed and told her to lie on
The remaining three kids subconsciously wanted to follow her there. However, when the three men blocked the way, they cowered nervously.
Roxanne turned her head around and glanced at them. Shaking her head exasperatedly, she told them, "You don't have to get a check-up from me specifically. If you let them give you a check-up, I'll still give you sweets!"
When the kids heard that, they hesitated for a while before lying on the other three beds. 
###Chapter 469
Upon seeing that, the four adults in the room felt their hearts sinking.
As for Daniel, he was so shocked that he hurriedly let go of the little one he was holding before rushing forward.
The child on the ground had clearly been startled by his earlier action, and that caused the boy to be struck with a violent seizure.
According to their diagnosis, the child had a strange condition where startling him would cause a vigorous chain reaction that would put him in great pain. It was their first time encountering such a case. Daniel had merely been trying to change a method to speed up the medical consultation's progress. He never expected he would startle the boy.
Seeing how the pain was torturing the little child, the expressions of the four adults became grim.
Roxanne was the first among them to react. She forcefully suppressed the panic in her as she got up and dispersed the children around Jamie. "Please don't be afraid. We will now help Jamie to get better. In the meantime, why don't you all head outside first?"
The kids, however, surrounded Jamie as they refused to leave.
One of the little girls then said with a voice choked with sobs, "Jamie... Jamie would act like this sometimes, but he would recover by himself after a while. We'll wait here until he gets better."
Hearing this, Roxanne felt a stinging pain in her heart.
I wonder how little Jamie endured this horrifying pain back then all by himself.
The rest of the kids showed great determination about staying back with Jamie, leaving Roxanne with no choice but to turn around to seek help from Larry.
Instantly understanding her intention, Larry carefully lifted the boy from the ground before putting him on the bed.
At this point, the liye boy was already in so much pain that he was almost unconscious, A moment ago, the pain had him curled up in a fetal position, yet at this second, he couldn't even clench his hands anymore as he lay there limply with his face facing upward.
Unfortunately, there was nothing the four of them could do. All they could do was
watch.
This was because they had yet to properly study the little boy's condition, but now was not the time to hesitate.
There was even cold sweat all over Daniel's forehead now.
After all, his reckless action was the sole reason that put the boy in this situation.
!f anything horrible happened to the little boy, his reputation would be destroyed in an instant.
Upon this thought, Daniel wiped off the sweat on his forehead and gritted his teeth as he approached the bed, checking on the little boy's pulse.
Before anyone was able to react, Daniel had already retrieved his acupuncture tools from the side and started sanitizing them.
Seeing this, worry shrouded Roxanne, leading her to ask, "Dr. Hopp, do you know how to treat the little one?"
Her question had the already impatient Daniel becoming even more irritated as soon as he heard her voice.
It's not like I planned to frighten the little boy earlier. This all happened because of this woman! If she had not been so slow and wasted everyone's time, we wouldn't be in this situation now! "Even if I don't, it's not like you would know." Daniel turned around and glanced at her unhappily before returning to sanitizing his tools.
On the other hand, the sense of unease in Roxanne only deepened when she caught the irritation on his face.
Standing right beside her were Larry and Jack. Just like Roxanne, both of them were also very skeptical about this, causing them to ask seriously, "So, according to your diagnosis, what is happening to the boy?"
Daniel's expression froze up instantly for a split second upon being questioned, but he replied stiflly regardless, "Whatever it is, we should stop the pain for him immediately. Can't you see that he's in so much pain?"
With that said, he picked up the silver needles and prepared to give Jamie an acupuncture session.
Larry and Jack, 100, did not voice any ions to Daniel's decision.
After all, the little boy's pain was visibly horrifying, so helping him by stopping the
pain first was entirely appropriate.
They were too blinded by their worry for the boy that they forgot about the basics.
On the other hand, Roxanne's heart tightened once more as soon as she saw the acupuncture point Daniel was aiming at. Out of instinct, she hurriedly stopped him. "Wait! Not on that acupuncture point!" Her shouting immediately attracted the attention of the other three.
Daniel became even more annoyed this time, and he said, "If you don't know what is going on, then you should stop kicking up a fuss, Dr. Jarvis. This is the most basic acupuncture point that is known for easing pain. Don't tell me you don't even know about this?" 
###Chapter 470
Upon seeing that, the four adults in the room felt their hearts sinking.
As for Daniel, he was so shocked that he hurriedly let go of the little one he was holding before rushing forward.
The child on the ground had clearly been startled by his earlier action, and that caused the boy to be struck with a violent seizure.
According to their diagnosis, the child had a strange condition where startling him would cause a vigorous chain reaction that would put him in great pain. It was their first time encountering such a case. Daniel had merely been trying to change a method to speed up the medical consultation's progress. He never expected he would startle the boy.
Seeing how the pain was torturing the little child, the expressions of the four adults became grim.
Roxanne was the first among them to react. She forcefully suppressed the panic in her as she got up and dispersed the children around Jamie. "Please don't be afraid. We will now help Jamie to get better. In the meantime, why don't you all head outside first?"
The kids, however, surrounded Jamie as they refused to leave.
One of the little girls then said with a voice choked with sobs, "Jamie... Jamie would act like this sometimes, but he would recover by himself after a while. We'll wait here until he gets better."
Hearing this, Roxanne felt a stinging pain in her heart.
I wonder how little Jamie endured this horrifying pain back then all by himself.
The rest of the kids showed great determination about staying back with Jamie, leaving Roxanne with no choice but to turn around to seek help from Larry.
Instantly understanding her intention, Larry carefully lifted the boy from the ground before putting him on the bed.
At this point, the liye boy was already in so much pain that he was almost unconscious, A moment ago, the pain had him curled up in a fetal position, yet at this second, he couldn't even clench his hands anymore as he lay there limply with his face facing upward.
Unfortunately, there was nothing the four of them could do. All they could do was
watch.
This was because they had yet to properly study the little boy's condition, but now was not the time to hesitate.
There was even cold sweat all over Daniel's forehead now.
After all, his reckless action was the sole reason that put the boy in this situation.
!f anything horrible happened to the little boy, his reputation would be destroyed in an instant.
Upon this thought, Daniel wiped off the sweat on his forehead and gritted his teeth as he approached the bed, checking on the little boy's pulse.
Before anyone was able to react, Daniel had already retrieved his acupuncture tools from the side and started sanitizing them.
Seeing this, worry shrouded Roxanne, leading her to ask, "Dr. Hopp, do you know how to treat the little one?"
Her question had the already impatient Daniel becoming even more irritated as soon as he heard her voice.
It's not like I planned to frighten the little boy earlier. This all happened because of this woman! If she had not been so slow and wasted everyone's time, we wouldn't be in this situation now! "Even if I don't, it's not like you would know." Daniel turned around and glanced at her unhappily before returning to sanitizing his tools.
On the other hand, the sense of unease in Roxanne only deepened when she caught the irritation on his face.
Standing right beside her were Larry and Jack. Just like Roxanne, both of them were also very skeptical about this, causing them to ask seriously, "So, according to your diagnosis, what is happening to the boy?"
Daniel's expression froze up instantly for a split second upon being questioned, but he replied stiflly regardless, "Whatever it is, we should stop the pain for him immediately. Can't you see that he's in so much pain?"
With that said, he picked up the silver needles and prepared to give Jamie an acupuncture session.
Larry and Jack, 100, did not voice any ions to Daniel's decision.
After all, the little boy's pain was visibly horrifying, so helping him by stopping the
pain first was entirely appropriate.
They were too blinded by their worry for the boy that they forgot about the basics.
On the other hand, Roxanne's heart tightened once more as soon as she saw the acupuncture point Daniel was aiming at. Out of instinct, she hurriedly stopped him. "Wait! Not on that acupuncture point!" Her shouting immediately attracted the attention of the other three.
Daniel became even more annoyed this time, and he said, "If you don't know what is going on, then you should stop kicking up a fuss, Dr. Jarvis. This is the most basic acupuncture point that is known for easing pain. Don't tell me you don't even know about this?" 
###Chapter 471
In truth, Roxanne had not given it much thought before she blurted out her words. She merely felt that the particular acupuncture point was not the right one, and her heart pumped quickly.
However, upon being questioned by Daniel, Roxanne gradually calmed herself down, and countless analyses flashed through her mind.
A moment later, she walked toward Daniel and patiently explained, "This is indeed the most basic acupuncture point for pain relief, but I'm also crystal clear that we should consider the patient's body condition before we do anything."
"Whatever the condition, the acupuncture points will always be the same." Daniel frowned, visibly impatient.
With that said, he immediately tried to stab the needle into the boy.
His action, however, was quickly stopped by Roxanne as she grabbed onto his wrist, preventing him from inserting the silver needle into the acupuncture point. "This is indeed the best acupuncture point, but it only works on a patient that is well aware and prepared for what is coming. Jamie is still too young, and he is too weak for this. Besides, his tenseness will not let him receive this treatment method properly. If we recklessly use the silver needle on this point, he might become paralyzed if something goes wrong! We can't risk it with a kid. If we're just going to stop the pain, let me do it. I know a way that is much gentler than this!"
Her words had Larry and Jack exchanging a glance with each other before they nodded approvingly.
Daniel, however, retained the same mentality. Instead of listening to Roxanne, he scornfully looked at her and said, "Oh, that's strange. I've been a traditional medicine practitioner for years, and this is the first time I've heard of another method to relieve pain. I wonder where you got this knowledge from, Dr. Jarvis? You're telling me not to take risks with a child, but to me, you're the one that is using them as subjects of your experiment. Look at the pain this boy is in! Now step aside!"
The young lady, however, stubbornly remained standing in front of Jamie.
As a staring contest ensued between the two, Jack interfered and said, "Let Dr. Jarvis try her method."
Just like Daniel, he, too, had never heard of another acupuncture point that could help to relieve pain. His mind, however, changed after he recalled that Roxanne had used a method he had never heard of to treat Alfred.
Hence, his sixth sense had him convinced that perhaps they could believe in
Roxanne for once.
Jack's words immediately caused Daniel's face to turn red. A moment later, despite being extremely unwilling, Daniel still put the silver needles down and made space for Roxanne. After that, the trio locked their eyes on Roxanne.
With a deep breath, Roxanne calmed herself down before picking up the silver needles and inserting them onto the acupuncture points according to what she remembered
She had seen this method in one of Harvey's ancient medicine journals, and this was the very first time she used it to relieve pain.
At this point, all she could do was pray hard that the method would work.
Little did she know that the calm demeanor and accuracy she displayed while giving the acupuncture session had Larry and the others thinking that she was more than just confident. Aside from that, her skill had also impressed them greatly.
Yet, even after she was done with the acupuncture session, it seemed to have no effect as Jamie showed no response.
Roxanne gently wiped off the sweat on her forehead and replied softly, "This is a method I learned from an ancient medicine journal. Due to the milder nature of the method, it will take some time for the effect to kick in."
Hearing this, everyone around her relaxed.
Though Daniel was still skeptical, it was quickly discarded after seeing the little boy opening his eyes. The pain haunting the boy was no longer visible as well.
The other children also stopped crying after seeing Jamie return to his senses. In an instant, they surrounded the bed joyfully.
"Jamie, how are you feeling now?" The little girl who had alerted Roxanne to Jamie's condition earlier looked at the boy concernedly.
Jamie frowned for a second before he happily shouted, "The pain! It's gone! I used to feel sore all over my body whenever I recovered, but I'm feeling okay right now!"
Upon hearing that, Roxanne finally felt at ease. Heart aching, she patted the little boy's head and said, "I'll prescribe you some medicine. Make sure to take them accordingly, and you will no longer be in pain anymore."
Jamie nodded happily to her words.
"Dr Jarvis, you are indeed a student of Harvey Lambert. Those are some impressive skills you showed us," Jack praised with a smile as he finally let go of his prejudice toward Roxanne Roxanne smiled humbly in response.
Standing right beside her was Daniel. Unlike the others, he stood there with an ugly expression, for he felt humiliated by what happened. 
###Chapter 472
While Roxanne was treating the kid, the news of what was going on in their cubicle had spread to the others.
Many doctors were surprised to hear that Roxanne actually questioned Daniel's capability. They also became curious when they heard about how she said there was an alternative acupuncture point that could stop the pain. All of them put their work aside and made their way there.
The second they got into the room, they saw Roxanne administering the treatment. They judged her by her appearance and didn't trust her skills. However, they are understood how important it was to stay focused when administering treatment, so they stood there quietly.
When they saw that Roxanne's treatment was actually working, they gasped in astonishment.
The acupuncture technique involved was something they had never even heard about.
Yet, it was obvious that her technique was more ancient than theirs. No one knew where she could have learned that.
They couldn't help applauding when they heard Jack complimenting her.
The sudden clapping stunned Roxanne momentarily. She turned around and realized that a number of doctors had gathered by the door. Every single one of them seemed more experienced than she was. For a moment there, Roxanne was lost.
"Is that Dr. Lambert's apprentice? No wonder she is so skilled. We truly learned something today."
"Dr. Jarvis, let's hang out sometime when we're free. I'd like to know more about your unique acupuncture techniques."
Everyone praised her. The distrust they felt earlier had since turned into admiration.
Hearing their praise made Roxanne grin humbly. "Thank you for the compliments. There is so much more I still have to learn. I'll be counting on you, my seniors, to guide me."
TEST
When they were queueing up at the entrance of the orphanage earlier, many had stared strangely at her.
Roxanne simply wanted to do her job. The thought of showing off and impressing them had never even crossed her mind.
To her surprise, that was exactly what had happened, and everyone's opinion of her had shifted.
She was young and beautiful. On top of that, she was a skilled medical practitioner and a humble person. That made everyone admire her even more.
In an instant, the atmosphere in the room turned peaceful and warm.
Daniel, however, stood off to the side with a gloomy expression, looking like the odd one out.
Out of nowhere, someone shifted everybody's attention to Daniel. "Dr. Hopp, you were too impulsive earlier. Shouldn't you apologize to Dr. Jarvis and the kid for it?" Everyone simultaneously turned their gaze to Daniel.
It seemed that Daniel wasn't just famous for being one of the best traditional medicine practitioners in Chanaea. He was also notoriously arrogant.
Many doctors on site had long held a grudge against him. Now that the opportunity to embarrass him had presented itself, they seized it.
Daniel felt as though he were being roasted on a spit when he sensed everybody's gaze landing on him. He looked terrible and was stiff when he turned his attention to Roxanne. Even he had to admit that he had behaved a little poorly earlier. Still, asking him to publicly apologize to a younger, less experienced doctor was too embarrassing, and he couldn't do it. Hesitation rose within Roxanne's heart when she saw Daniel staring like that, but in the end, she didn't comment on it.
All she wanted was for the medical consultations to go well.
Roxanne stayed true to the core beliefs of the Damaris family's medical consultation and her personal ive for participating in it. Hence, she didn't want anything unpleasant to happen, She had never planned on holding a grudge against Daniel for questioning her skills earlier
However, now that someone had pointed it out, she couldn't help thinking about how Daniel had let his emotions get the best of him and almost crippled a kid.
She didn't care about what happened to her, but she couldn't forgive Daniel for what he almost did to the boy. 
###Chapter 473
Daniel waited for quite some time, but Roxanne never softened her stance. That left him with no choice. Embarrassed, his face reddened. "I only behaved poorly because I was too worried and wanted to treat the kid as soon as possible. My heart was in the right place."
Everyone frowned in unison when they heard that.
Roxanne's grin slowly faded, and her discontentment rose.
That was when a little girl's voice broke the silence and eased the tension.
"This is all your fault! You grabbed Leslie and frightened Jamie," complained the little girl angrily while pointing at Daniel.
She was the oldest among the kids and had always been the one to take care of them. In other words, she was like a big sister to everyone, and all she wanted at that moment was to get justice for the younge
ones.
Daniel's eyes bulged. He was furious to hear what the girl said.
If no one else were around, he would beat the kid up and teach her manners right then and there.
"Dr. Hopp, I can't deny that you are a great man who has accomplished much, but mistakes happen. You were wrong and should apologize accordingly," said Jack while
frowning at Daniel. The former didn't want to waste time on that matter.
Jack's instruction caused Daniel to stiffen. Given the power that the Damaris family held, the good doctor had no choice but to force an ugly smile on his face and turn his attention to Roxanne. "I was too impulsive earlier, Dr. Jarvis, and neglected to take the kid's weakened state into consideration. However, please trust that my actions only came from my concern, and please forgive me for that."
Naturally, Roxanne could tell just how reluctant he was to say those words. She didn't care, though. She simply grinned at Daniel and said, "I believe your intentions are pure, and I understand that you were in a tough position. The acupuncture point you aimed for is commonly known as the only one to stop pain, so I'm sure anyone else would do the same if put in your position. However, I am not the person you should apologize to. It's them you should apologize to."
After saying that, Roxanne moved to the side and revealed the kids hanging out beside the bed.
Their faces were still wet from the tears they shed earlier. Due to what happened to Jamie, the other kids were so worried that they forgot all about wiping their tears
away. Everyone surrounded the bed with damp cheeks.
Many doctors present were parents and seeing those teary eyes stung their hearts, making them ache so much that they couldn't even speak
Daniel stared at the kids in dissatisfaction, then turned to Jack, who was at the side.
The latter was frowning and staring pointedly at the former.
Obviously, he agreed with what Roxanne had said.
Daniel had no choice. He had to lower his stance and crouched down to face the kids. Trying to sound as sincere as possible, he said, "I am so sorry, kids. I was too worried earlier and frightened you. The truth is that I just wanted everyone to behave so I could cure you quickly."
The little girl stared for a few seconds before turning her attention to the two kids who were frightened earlier.
They nodded slowly
She wouldn't even look at Daniel until the kids had forgiven him. "Okay, then we will forgive you for it, but you must never scare us like that again. Jamie can't handle it."
Daniel forced another smile on his face and turned to face the crowd. It was almost as though he was telling them to back off now that he had apologized.
Everyone could tell that he wasn't sincere, but it was already significant progress for him, so no one complained.
Jack spoke up once more to put an end to everything. "Now that the issue is settled, please return to your stations. The kids are waiting for your treatment. Please also take this as a lesson. We must be patient with kids."
The crowd murmured affirmatively before returning to their cubicles. 
###Chapter 474
Once again, only the four of them were left in their cubicle.
Roxanne turned around to see how the kids were doing. Sweetly, she asked, "See, kids? The treatment isn't scary at all, right?"
As soon as she finished speaking, Jamie, who had just received treatment, raised his hand and answered, "It's true. It doesn't hurt at all, and I feel so much better now!"
The little girl had initially been a bit reluctant to receive treatment, but seeing Roxanne's attitude toward them made her feel more comfortable. Jamie's words put her at ease as well. "You're right. It's nothing to be scared of. Sorry for backing away earlier, Miss."
The other kids nodded in agreement.
Roxanne's heart melted when she saw that. She crouched down to stroke their tiny heads. "Everybody is doing great. I'm glad you're not scared anymore. Believe in us, okay? We will make sure that everybody will grow up happy and healthy."
The kids nodded obediently.
"Okay, who's next?" asked Roxanne as she stood up and pointed at the bed.
It didn't take long before a little boy stepped out from the crowd and climbed onto the bed.
That was the same boy who cried earlier when Daniel grabbed his arm.
Seeing all that made Daniel feel even worse.
Roxanne smiled warmly at the kid and had him lie down nicely before she checked his pulse.
The rest of the kids circled her, making it as though the other three doctors were invisible,
When Larry noticed that, he smiled in exasperation and cleared his throat. He reminded, "Kids, we are doctors as well and can cure you, too. Don't play favorites, okay?"
One of the kids heard what he said and glanced over before turning back to Roxanne.
Clearly, the kids preferred Roxanne.
Larry shook his head in exasperation and turned his attention to Jack, who was
standing at the side.
All four doctors were stationed there, so it was not right to have Roxanne do all the work alone.
Worse still, there were too many children, and Roxanne would not be able to treat all of them, even if she were to work till night.
The recent events surrounding Roxanne had resulted in her capturing Jack's full attention.
His initial distrust toward her had changed to admiration, and now, an additional hint of respect had been added.
He could tell that Roxanne's heart was in the right place. She genuinely cared about the kids, and that was why she participated in the medical consultation. It was also why the kids were especially attached to her. Some of the kids were shy and refused to go to the other doctors, so there was a perpetual long queue near Roxanne.
Even after taking care of so many patients consecutively, Roxanne wasn't irritated or tired at all. She even managed to stop Daniel in time to prevent him from making the wrong decision.
All that work didn't eat away her patience, and she remained kind to the kids.
That quality was incredible, especially when found in a young doctor.
Meanwhile, Daniel was still upset with the earlier incident and was hoping Roxanne would get in trouble. He prayed that she would be forced to take care of all the kids, and seeing how they surrounded her made him grin. He wanted to see her get worn out. At that point, he no longer cared if they could get the job done that day.
Emotionally worn out, Larry sighed. He saw how the other two doctors were staring at Roxanne and were patiently waiting for Roxanne to finish up with Leslie's treatment. In a kind tone, he requested, "Roxanne, send some kids to us, will you? It's empty here, and those unaware of the situation might assume that we are here as observing interns. It's so embarrassing, and we won't be able to finish our task today if the situation remains this way." 
###Chapter 475
Roxanne tilted her head down and saw the kids surrounding her. They had heard what Larry said earlier, but they were still a little scared.
If possible, she wanted to treat the kids in person as well, but she had to stick to the schedule for the day. Being responsible for curing all the kids would mean that she likely wouldn't be able to finish today, even if she worked all night.
She was still heartbroken, but seeing the bigger picture encouraged her to coax the kids sweetly, "The doctors there can cure you too, little ones. They're nice. Remember how kind they were during the check- up?"
The kids turned to one another after hearing what Roxanne said, but no one wanted to take the first step forward.
Roxanne couldn't help feeling a little defeated when she saw their reaction. "If you insist on waiting for me, then some will not be treated today, and that is not ideal. I really hope that everyone can get their treatment today."
Hesitation engulfed the kids once more.
Just as Roxanne was struggling to find the words to convince them, the little girl, who was the leader, stepped forward. She obediently made her way to Larry's side and requested, "Please be gentle." Larry smiled warmly at her and stroked her head. "Got it. Thank you for trusting
me."
The girl smiled sweetly.
Now that someone had taken the first step, more and more kids began leaving Roxanne's side. They went to the other doctors.
Daniel was the only one left with absolutely no patient.
The kids might've claimed to have forgiven him, but they were still terrified of him, especially since he had a scowl on.
Daniel was even more infuriated when he saw how the kids were actively avoiding him.
He had been a traditional medicine practitioner for years, and that was the first time he wasn't coveted,
There was no way he would ask Roxanne for help after what had happened earlier, so he had no choice but to stand there stiffly. Quite a few kids were still hanging out around Roxanne.
She turned around and saw that Daniel was the only one without any patients, and that made her frown. Hesitation rose within her.
It was clear that the kids still feared him, but if no one went to him, the team's efficiency would remain low.
Roxanne hesitated for a few moments before curving her lips into a smile. "You can go to the good doctor there as well. He was only scary earlier because he was eager to cure everybody. Now that he has learned his lesson, will you give him a chance to redeem himself? He's very skilled and can cure you quickly."
After that, Roxanne shifted her gaze and smiled at Daniel, signaling him to do something
Daniel was taken aback.
S-She's actually speaking up for me? I was rude and mean to her earlier, but she's still willing to help me...
Daniel turned his attention to the kids and saw them staring at him with teary eyes. A stiff smile remained on his face, and it took him some time before he could finally put on a warmer and more approachable expression. "I was too impulsive earlier, kids, and I am sorry. I promise I will be more patient and won't hurt anyone anymore."
Still, the kids remained wary.
Roxanne's heart ached a little. She stood up and made her way to Daniel before gesturing for him to put his hand out.
He had no idea what she was planning, but he complied anyway.
A handful of colorful candies landed on his palm soon after.
"Come look! He has so many candies. If you behave and do as he says, you can have one," said Roxanne with a smile to get the kids to listen.
Despite the candy Daniel was holding, his smile still seemed a little awkward.
That made the kids scared. Unfortunately, they couldn't resist the sweet temptation, so they hesitantly made their way to him. 
###Chapter 476
After a bit of coordination, all four doctors were given some patients.
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and returned to her post to work away.
Silence descended upon the cubicle. Occasionally, the sounds of the kids joking and playing around rang out, but they kept it soft. It was almost as though they were worried about disturbing the doctors. The more Roxanne worked, the heavier her heart felt.
Their first round was a simple examination of the kids' pulse and getting an idea of how their health was. Those with more complicated medical issues would have to receive extra treatment.
When Roxanne first saw the abandoned kids, she was already heartbroken for them. Actually treating their condition made her feel even worse.
Some of the kids had milder issues and could be cured with some medicine or via acupuncture. Unfortunately, the doctors on site couldn't help those with more complicated issues. All they could do was send the kids to the hospital, where the Damaris family would pay for their medical fees.
The first few kids Roxanne treated all had mild issues, and she was just about to sigh in relief when she examined a kid with a more serious condition.
The kid was only about four or five years old and was around Archie's and Benny's age. His round, chubby face was tense with nervousness.
When Roxanne looked into those big, round eyes, her heart ached so much that she couldn't speak for a moment.
"Am I very sick?" asked the kid fearfully.
A lump lodged itself in Roxanne's throat. She didn't have the guts to answer that question because she worried that her voice would be thick with tears if she spoke.
The kid ended up consoling her instead. "It's fine. I'm just an orphan nobody loves anyway, so no one will be sad even if my condition is bad. Don't feel bad for me. Your eyes are getting all red with tears." The place was quiet, so everyone heard what the kid said.
Feeling helpless, Roxanne dug her fingers into her palms before turning around to ask the others for help.
She had lost a kid once and couldn't bear the situation before her now.
Lack paused. He made his way over to them and stroked the boy's head. "Don't worry. We'll take you to the hospital, and you will be fine."
The kid shifted his gaze and looked right at Roxanne. He wanted an answer from her.
Roxanne took a deep breath and suppressed her urge to cry. She made herself smile and promised, "You will be fine, and you are not a kid nobody loves. Once you've recovered, someone will come for you and adopt you. You will have a daddy and a mommy, and you will grow up happy and healthy. That is why you must be good and let us treat your illness, okay?"
The kid's eyes glowed at the mention of a daddy and a mommy. Eager and filled with anticipation, he asked, "Is it true? Will I really have a daddy and a mommy? Even though I am so sick?" Roxanne's heart clenched in her chest. The kid's words suggested that he knew exactly how bad his situation was. Yet, he was more worried about whether someone would love him
For a moment, Roxanne was tempted to take the kid away.
However, when she thought about how she couldn't give him a proper family, she had no choice but to shove that desire aside.
"You will be fine. Also, you're so cute that everyone will be fighting to have you," cooed Roxanne as she caressed his cheek.
The kid smiled brightly and nodded excitedly. He was so happy that his face was turning a little red.
Jack had participated in quite a few similar events, but his heart would still ache when he witnessed something like that. He had to take a few seconds to compose himself before he could shout at the workers outside. "Get someone to send the kid to a hospital."
Soon, a man showed up and smiled at the kid before offering his arms.
The boy got out of bed and obediently climbed into the worker's arms. Before he left, he turned around and waved at Roxanne. "Bye."
Then he looked at the other kids from the orphanage and bid them goodbye as well.
PASTAT 
###Chapter 477
All the kids became teary-eyed when they saw him leaving.
Roxanne also tilted her head down to hide her pain away.
Jack's voice came to her cars at that moment. "There are many similar cases, and all we can do is help them as much as possible. It is okay to be sad, but don't let it overwhelm you."
Roxanne understood the logic behind it, but actually dealing with it was still a little challenging
The kid earlier was extremely polite and kind, so it was even more difficult to accept his unfortunate fate.
Jack didn't say much else. He left her with a simple sentence. "There are other kids waiting for you." After saying that, he returned to his seat.
Roxanne took a deep breath and shifted her gaze down to look at the kids standing next to her.
Every single one of them was looking upward and staring at her with their big, round eyes. They were all on the verge of crying, and within those eyes was the most basic fear of all the fear of death. They were worried about the boy who left and also scared that they'd meet the same fate.
Seeing how terrified they were forced Roxanne to suppress her sorrow. Crouching down to look into the kids' eyes, she comforted them softly, "Don't worry, kids. We're here to protect you, so everyone will grow up safe and healthy. Your friend will be back soon as well."
After that, she turned around quickly. She couldn't bear to keep looking into their eyes, so she fumbled a little when she stood back up. Still, she pretended to be calm as she palled the bed and asked, "Okay, who's next?"
Quite a bit of time passed before a kid fearfully climbed onto the bed.
Roxanne glanced at him. Her heart was heavy when she treated him.
Fortunately, the rest of the kids she had with her had minor problems, and she could cure them on her own.
The bad news, however, was that the three other doctors there had to deal with quite a few kids in bad condition. Every now and then, someone would leave the place to
go to the hospital.
Everyone was understandably upset each time a kid left.
Daniel watched as more and more kids left, and the frown on his face became more intense.
At the end of the day, he was still a traditional medicine practitioner. He might get jealous easily and could be arrogant sometimes, but the kindness every doctor possessed remained alive within him. They worked until the afternoon when the orphanage served lunch in the cafeteria and had everyone go there.
Roxanne and the others stopped working, but their hearts remained heavy. They handled the remaining kids and took everyone to the cafeteria.
No one knew what had happened. Perhaps the kids who left Roxanne's and the other's cubicle had said something, but almost every kid in the orphanage was staring at Roxanne during lunch. The other doctors couldn't suppress their curiosity and were looking at her as well.
Sensing everybody's gaze, Roxanne felt as though she was sitting on pins and needles.
"Miss?" asked a kid as he cautiously approached Roxanne while still holding his tray of food.
Hearing that cute voice had Roxanne turning her attention to the kid. She smiled and asked, "What is it?"
The kid stared for a bit before asking, "The others said that the candy you gave out is delicious. Can I have one?"
Roxanne was stunned for a few seconds before she came around. She smiled and grabbed a few sweets from her purse before handing them to the kid. "Here are a few flavors. If you like them, I will bring more the next time I drop by."
The kid grinned shyly. He grabbed the drumstick from his tray and handed it to Roxanne before speaking in his sweet voice. "Thank you, Miss. I know you have been working hard as well, so here. I love drumsticks, but I'll give this one to you."
Roxanne was surprised when she heard what the kid said. When she returned to her senses, she smiled at the kid as a complex emotion bubbled up within her. "Thank you."
The kid smiled shyly before turning around and leaving 
###Chapter 478
"It looks like the little ones like you a lot, Roxanne."
Alongside Jack, Larry walked over with a plate of food in his hands and sat across from Roxanne. Roxanne greeted him by bobbing her head.
After smiling at Jack, she turned around and teased Larry, "I've more experience taking care of kids than you. Besides, I always carry some sweets just in case I need to use them to coax children. It's effective, isn't it?"
If it were not for the sweets, Roxanne believed the children would not have cooperated with her no matter how much they liked her.
Jack concurred, "It's indeed a good trick. We can use it on the children during our medical consultations next time."
Roxanne froze for a moment and pressed her lips into a thin line. "It's just something I learned from experience since I need to handle my kids."
Jack did not continue with the topic as he was more concerned with her mental state. "There will be more children coming in the afternoon. Do you want to take a break, Dr. Jarvis? You must be exhausted." Roxanne shook her head and gave a serious answer. "I can handle it. I'd undertaken tougher tasks when I was overseas. These kids need me, and I can't just walk away from them."
She came here today because she wanted to win the trust of the Damaris family. She also hoped to take this opportunity to convince the family to collaborate with her.
But after seeing how sickly the children were, Roxanne abandoned all her initial thoughts. She just wanted to try her best to treat those little ones.
All these children were almost the same age as Archie and Benny, and they reminded Roxanne of her two sons and the girl who had passed away at a young age.
Compared to the fate of these frail children, the exhaustion she experienced was nothing
Upon hearing that, Jack was astonished by the woman's determination.
To Jack, carrying out medical consultations round the clock was already an unbearable burden, even for a man. He could not picture how intense Roxanne's workload must have been when she was overseas.
Mar
Out of curiosity, Jack turned to glance at Larry.
Larry nodded steadily. "You heard that right. The woman standing in front of you is a fighter."
Roxanne grinned but kept mum.
During the conversation, someone came up and sat beside them.
Roxanne whipped her head around in the person's direction and saw Daniel awkwardly sitting beside her.
When she saw Daniel's face, she instantly recalled how he treated her earlier and wondered if he had come to find fault with her again.
All the other doctors looked over. They even wished to bring their plates over and watch the drama unfold.
"Is there anything I can help you with, Dr. Hopp?" Larry initiated the conversation with Daniel as if he was trying to protect Roxanne.
Upon noticing the hostile tone in his voice, Daniel knitted his brows. He looked in Roxanne's direction and asked stiffly, "Why did you help me just now?"
That question took Roxanne by surprise.
"Why did you help me persuade the children even though I've been finding fault with you?" Daniel asked her another question.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne responded with a casual smile. "Because I believe you're not just a respected expert in traditional medicine but also an ethical doctor. You've been picking holes in everything I did, but I know you wouldn't vent your frustration on the kids. I'm sure you only wanted to give them the best treatment." 
###Chapter 479
Daniel looked at her in disbelief. He did not exactly believe what she said.
Even he himself felt he had gone overboard earlier. No one else would have been able to handle the situation as calmly as Roxanne did. Yet, it seemed she truly had not taken his words to heart.
Upon noticing the puzzled look on his face, Roxanne explained with a smile, "I've been in the industry for quite some years now, and I've encountered countless people who doubted me, and some of them even gave me terrible attitude. Thus, I wasn't bothered when you questioned my medical skills, but what annoyed me was how impatient you were with the kids. Since you've apologized, let's not dwell in the past anymore. I believe all the traditional medicine doctors are virtuous, and I also believe the Damaris family would have selected the best candidates for this mission."
The way the crowd looked at Roxanne instantly became friendlier when they heard what she said.
What Roxanne said was what they had in mind. They, too, believed that all traditional medicine practitioners were trustworthy and virtuous.
Even doctors were bound to make mistakes, but as long as they treated their patients sincerely, they deserved the professional title.
That was why no one dared to question Daniel's status even though he had been arrogant all these years.
Daniel was silent for a while and eventually responded with a nod. "I'm so used to being put on a pedestal that I failed to see the bigger picture. I'm sorry, Dr. Jarvis. Please forgive my demeanor earlier. I hope we can interact and get to know each other better."
Roxanne smiled and replied, "Sure."
"But Dr. Hopp, please don't frighten the kids in the afternoon anymore. They can't take it," she quipped.
Blushing in embarrassment, Daniel responded with a nod. "I was too impulsive in the morning. Thank goodness you stopped me. Otherwise, I wouldn't know how to face
the kid."
Now that Daniel had calmed himself down, he was overwhelmed by a pang of guilt for nearly paralyzing a child in the morning,
Roxanne gave him a comforting grin. "The kid is fine, so don't be too hard on yourself. Let's do our best to treat the other children in the afternoon!"
Daniel agreed without hesitation.
lack arched his brows as he did not expect the two to reconcile their differences in such a short time. He felt there was something unusual about Roxanne.
After apologizing to Roxanne, Daniel turned around and looked at Jack. He apologized to Jack sincerely, "I'm sorry, Mr. Damaris. I nearly tarnished the Damaris family's reputation."
If words got out that the Damaris family was responsible for causing the child to become paralyzed, the news would have smeared the family's good name.
Jack instantly put on a serious face when Daniel mentioned the Damaris family. "You're right, but I can turn a blind eye to it since it was a false alarm. Dr. Hopp, I hope you can give your all to treat the children. The Damaris family organized this medical consultation for underprivileged children because we want to provide them with better healthcare services. That's why we gathered excellent doctors from all over the country to participate in the initiative. Please note that this is not a platform for you to compete with each other."
Jack had not raised his voice, but the doctors around him could hear him loud and clear.
They started responding to his remark. "Don't worry, Mr. Damaris. We'll do our best."
Jack gave the crowd a curt nod.
Roxanne took a sidelong glance at the people around her and realized they were no longer shooting doubtful and curious looks at her. Instead, the way they looked at her had become friendlier. Roxanne gave each of them a faint smile before continuing with her lunch. 
###Chapter 480
After the little interlude between Daniel and Roxanne, the meal could be considered a jovial one.
When lunch was over, the doctors grouped up according to their respective cubicles and walked back together. The children obediently followed behind. Many doctors had already formed a friendly bond with the children.
The children crowded around Roxanne, causing Jack and the others to find it rather hard to move along.
With some difficulty, they reached the entrance to their cubicle, and the candy in Roxanne's purse was nearly all gone.
When they entered, Daniel still had some candy left. Hence, he seemed more popular than Roxanne as the children crowded around him with smiles. They appeared to have forgotten the unhappy incident from the morning.
It was heartwarming for Roxanne to see the children growing so fond of Daniel.
She knew children well. They were not one to hold a grudge. No matter what one did to them, as long as one treated them sincerely, they would reciprocate with genuine affection. These children were just the same.
When Daniel had nearly given away all his candy, Roxanne clapped her hands and told the children to come back and line up. "Darlings, it's time for you to receive your treatment."
Fortunately, the children in the cubicle had complete trust in them by now, and they were obedient even without bribing them with candy. When they heard Roxanne's words, the little ones lined up almost immediately and waited quietly.
The four adults looked at the children and exchanged glances, smiling. Then they began to diagnose and treat the little kids.
Not long afterward, there was a cautious knocking on the cubicle door.
Everyone looked in the direction of the sound.
"Mr. Damaris, a batch of supplies was sent to the door of the orphanage, and we were informed that it is for us." The staff stood at the door, waiting for Jack's instructions. Everyone was stunned at this news,
The free medical consultation was already in progress, so why would someone suddenly send supplies?
Furthermore, Jack had not been informed of this beforehand.
After returning to his senses, Jack frowned and responded, “Ask them to return it to the sender, and tell them that the Damaris family will not accept any supplies provided by outside sources when giving out free medical consultations."
Over the years, for the sake of their patients' safety, most of the Damaris family's resources were procured by themselves. Even when supplies were needed, they would contact other prestigious families in advance and would not accept any donations from unknown sources.
After all, they could not ascertain that the materials donated were of good quality. If there was a problem with the materials, the Damaris family was responsible for the patients.
The staff member hesitated, asking, "It's from the Queen family. Should we reject it?"
At that, Jack and Larry turned to Roxanne instinctively.
Among them, Roxanne was the only person with any connection to the Queen family and the reason that they would donate supplies.
Even though the Damaris and Queen families were on good terms, the Queens had never offered any help to the Damaris family before. It was only after recommending Roxanne did they send materials. Hence, it was only logical for one to conclude that Roxanne was the reason.
Noticing the two's gaze, Roxanne quickly waved her hands with a bewildered expression on her face.
To her, it was good enough for the Queen family to recommend her. As for the donation of these materials, she had not heard either Alfred or Jonathan mention it.
Seeing Roxanne's reaction, the two finally understood what was going on.
Meanwhile, the staff was urging with caution, "Mr. Damaris, those materials..."
If those materials had been sent by anyone else, he would not hesitate to return them to the sender. However, knowing about the goodwill between the Queens and the Damaris family, he had to consult Jack first. 
###Chapter 481
Chapter 481 Jack relented and instructed, "Tell them to bring it in, then."
Obeying his orders, the staff member turned around and went out.
After that, Jack went out to check the goods. Before he left, he called Roxanne and Larry to come with him.
Soon, the delivery truck drove into the compound, followed by three ambulances.
Rex jumped down from the truck and greeted the three respectfully.
Jack and Larry were meeting him for the first time, but it was obvious that Roxanne knew him. They both glanced at her, gesturing at her to speak for them.
Roxanne got the message, and she nodded politely at Rex, asking, "Mr. Tanner, this is...?"
Rex smiled and replied, "It's like this. Mr. Queen said that the children in the orphanage are very pitiful, and knowing that the Damaris family is here giving free consultations, he sent me over to deliver some supplies to the children. They are nothing valuable but rather some clothes, bedding and so on. We should have sent medical supplies, but Mr. Queen said that the Damaris family did not lack those, so he sent daily necessities instead."
Jack nodded and asked the director of the orphanage to check the items.
The Damaris family merely provided free medical consultation for the kids, and hence, had never taken these daily necessities into consideration.
Roxanne looked at the three ambulances which followed behind the truck. "What about those ambulances at the back?"
Rex explained, "These ambulances are all owned by the Queen family's private hospital. Mr. Queen said that the facilities here might be insufficient. If necessary, the children can be sent to the Queen family's hospital, and the Queen family will give them free treatment."
The three nodded in unison, but their hearts were full of misgivings.
Jack had no knowledge of Roxanne's personal life except for the fact that Alfred admired her deeply. Thus, Jonathan's actions naturally aroused suspicion about his relationship with Roxanne.
Even though Larry was familiar with Roxanne's past, seeing the consideration Jonathan showed her, he could not help but wonder about their relationship too.
Roxanne was unaware of the other two's thoughtful looks. Even though she, too. felt that Jonathan's actions were rather strange, she smiled and thanked Rex. "That's very kind of Mr. Queen. Thank you, too, for making this trip. We thank all of you on behalf of the children."
Rex waved his hand. "This is my duty. It's no problem at all. I'll convey your thanks to Mr. Queen."
Roxanne smiled.
The director came over in a hurry. Seeing the truck full of supplies, he thanked Rex again.
After the goods were deemed more than sufficient, Rex did not hang around but bid them goodbye and left.
Roxanne and the others returned to their cubicle.
The kids were crowded around Daniel, and some cheeky ones were even mimicking the way he was checking a patient's pulse.
Noticing the adults coming back, the children returned to their positions.
Roxanne looked at them apologetically. "Sorry for making you wait so long."
The children shook their heads. "We only waited for a short while. You all work so hard, so you should take a break."
Seeing the children behaving so well, Roxanne felt her heart melting.
"What did the Queen family send?" Daniel asked out of curiosity as they had not brought anything in.
The three gave a brief explanation of what happened just now.
Daniel nodded but was puzzled about why the Queen family showed such kindness to the children. His thoughts then turned to Roxanne, who had been recommended by the Queen family. Naturally, he put two and two together.
Roxanne had no idea what the others were speculating about. Instead, she focused on doing her best to treat the children. 
###Chapter 482
The medical consultation only ended at night. By the time all the children in the orphanage had received their treatments, the doctors were utterly exhausted.
Roxanne was also aching all over. However, the thought of those children getting better made her feel glad. Those who suffered from more serious conditions had been sent to the hospital as well. During the whole ordeal, she almost forgot about her original intention of being there. All she cared about was the children.
The children were all lined up in the courtyard when the doctors walked out of the cubicles. Led by the director of the orphanage, the children bowed in unison and said, "Thank you, doctors!" The group of doctors was taken aback.
It was their first time doing a free medical consultation for orphans and also the first time they encountered such a situation. Thus, they could not help but feel touched. Some of them even teared up.
So did Roxanne. She clenched her fists with all her might to stop herself from crying. Roxanne then caressed the head of the girl standing right in front before reminding her, "Take good care of the younger ones. If you need any help, you may ask the director to get in touch with me."
The girl nodded fervently. She seemed reluctant to let Roxanne go.
Roxanne felt the same way about the children too. However, the thought of Archie and Benny waiting for her at home made her walk away.
Jack gave a concluding speech and some reminders to the children before the medical consultation was officially over.
Just as the doctors were making a move, Jack turned around and bowed solemnly at all of them. "This medical consultation has been a great success, and it's all thanks to each and every one of you. All of you are outstanding doctors, and I hope you will continue to do well in this industry. Goodbye, and I hope to see all of you again."
It had been a pleasant cooperation. When everyone saw how humble he was, their impression of the Damaris family became even better, and they smiled in response.
Very soon, all the doctors left, and the Damaris family stayed on to clear up.
Just as Roxanne was also about to leave, Jack called out to her, "Dr. Jarvis."
Roxanne stopped and turned around.
Since Larry was walking with her and he was quite close to Jack, he stopped as well.
Jack smiled at Roxanne and apologized, "After giving it some thought, I feel that I must apologize to you."
Roxanne frowned and looked confused.
Based on what she could recall, it had been a lovely day working with Jack. She could not see why he had to apologize to her.
"When I met you this morning, I had doubts about your medical skill. But after one whole day of interaction, you have changed my perception. You are indeed a very outstanding doctor in every aspect. I apologize to you for doubting your skill earlier on," said Jack seriously..
Roxanne could not help but laugh. "It's fine. I don't mind. But, I had no idea that you had doubts about me."
In fact, she had even been praising the Damaris family in her mind for teaching their children so well. By the look of it, it was true. They were adept at hiding their true feelings too.
Jack knew she was joking, but he merely smiled.
After a while, Jack extended his hand toward Roxanne and said, "I hope we can work together in the future when the opportunity arises."
Roxanne accepted his handshake and responded in all seriousness, "I look forward to
it." 
###Chapter 483
There was still some work to be done, so Jack stayed back and bade the two of them farewell.
Both Larry and Roxanne left the orphanage.
Larry looked at her and smiled. "So, what do you think of the medical consultation today? Judging from Mr. Damaris' reaction, you should have attained your ive."
It was only then realization dawned on Roxanne.
She had placed all her focus on the children and forgot she was there to gain the support of the Damaris family.
To her, the children were more important.
As it turned out, she had helped the children and won Jack over at the same time.
His behavior earlier on was proof enough of her success.
Roxanne's eyes sparkled with excitement when she realized that. She turned and thanked Larry, "Thank you for helping me today, Larry."
Larry raised his brows and said, "I don't recall helping you with anything at all.”
Roxanne then started to list the things he had helped her with. "In the morning, you must have told Mr. Damaris lots of good things about me. With you around, I was also not that nervous. Furthermore, when Dr. Hopp made things difficult for me, you stood up for me,"
Seeing the exaggerated manner she was listing the ways he had helped her, Larry stopped her from counting and said, "I only told Mr. Damaris that you were a student of Professor Lambert and nothing else. As for the rest, that wasn't why Jack noticed your medical skill. There's no need to thank me."
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled.
Larry's eyes darkened as he added meaningfully, "If you want to thank someone, I think you should thank Mr. Queen."
Roxanne was surprised when she heard that. However, she returned to her senses very quickly and explained, "I have no idea what's up with those supplies either. Larry, please don't get the wrong idea." Unfortunately, Larry was still suspicious, "If I recall correctly, the Queen family is the reason why you got to attend the medical consultation. On top of that, you also know
the person who delivered the supplies."
In other words, those supplies had been delivered specifically for Roxanne since the Queen family had sent someone she knew.
Roxanne did not expect that to cause a misunderstanding and tried her best to clarify things. "Mr. Tanner from Queen Group is in charge of the herbs, and I knew him through the research institute. Perhaps, Mr. Queen sent him to make things easier. There's nothing between the two of us."
Larry studied her carefully. Seeing that nothing amiss with her behavior, he finally nodded and advised her, "Fine. I only want to remind you to consider Archie and Benny's feelings when you find a partner. Whoever you choose to be with will end up being their father. The boys have always been smart. Now that they are quite grown up, they are bound to have their own opinions."
Roxanne nodded and said, "I understand."
At the mention of Archie and Benny, Roxanne could not help but remember the children at the orphanage. She started to feel depressed.
Larry knew what was on her mind and patted her arm. "We have done whatever we can. Let's leave the rest to fate. Those children are very pitiful indeed. I hope God has mercy on them and give them a fighting chance."
Roxanne nodded in agreement, but she felt helpless.
If only my medical skill were better, we might not have to send as many children to the hospital today.If only I had studied more about ancient medicine, then I may have been able to cure the children of more diseases...
"Don't think too much. It's getting late now. Both Archie and Benny are still waiting for you," consoled Larry.
That was when Roxanne snapped out of her reverie, said goodbye to him, and left. 
###Chapter 484
It was late at night by the time Roxanne arrived home. However, Archie and Benny were still awake. They opened their bedroom door carefully and stuck their heads out when they heard her coming up the stairs.
Roxanne grew heavy-hearted as she was reminded of the kids at the orphanage when she saw the boys.
Seeing her expression, the boys ran over to her and asked in concern, "Mommy, what's wrong? Did something happen at the medical consultation today?"
Roxanne forced out a smile and led them back to the room.
The boys flanked Roxanne and stared at her earnestly. "Mommy, how are the children in the orphanage?"
Roxanne shook her head ruefully. "They don't have parents. In fact, some of them were abandoned by their parents because they were sick. However, they are still very obedient and understanding." Images of those kids lying on the bed flashed through her mind, as well as those who were sent to the hospital because the doctors were helpless to treat them.
After learning about their condition, the children hadn't forgotten to thank the doctors.
Archie and Benny shared a look as their expressions grew stern. They asked carefully, "Are the children very ill?"
Roxanne inclined her head gently. "Some were abandoned by their parents at the orphanage as their parents couldn't afford to save them."
"Mommy, can't you save them either?" Benny gazed at her innocently.
To him, Roxanne was the best doctor in the world and was capable of treating all kinds of illnesses.
Roxanne patted his head in resignation and explained, "Sorry, Darling. I'm not as capable as you think. There are many diseases that I can't cure."
Hearing that, Archie and Benny frowned in disappointment. They then offered Roxanne some comforting words, "Never mind, Mommy. Someone else will come out with a way to save them! Children are blessed, so we'll surely grow up healthily!"
The kids at the orphanage were so sick that Roxanne couldn't be of help. Archie and Benny were disappointed, but they knew their mother was definitely more depressed
than them at the thought.
Hearing their comforting words, Roxanne pursed her lips and flashed a smile. "That's what I think, too."
"But they don't have parents. They must be sad," Benny said as he stared at Roxanne earnestly
I have Mommy, but sometimes, I still wish that Daddy is with me. The children at the orphanage don't even have a mommy. I feel sorry for them.
Roxanne bobbed her head as her lips curved into a stiff smile. "Their new daddies and mommies will bring them home soon."
Benny tilted his head and asked gingerly, "Do the people at the orphanage treat them well? Do they get to eat and sleep well?"
Knowing he was worried about the kids, Roxanne grinned and assured him, “The people at the orphanage treat them well. This afternoon, Mr. Queen donated some supplies to the orphanage, so their situation will get better. If you're still worried, I can bring you two there to visit them someday."
Archie's and Benny's eyes lit up in delight. "Really? Can we really visit them?"
Roxanne smiled as she nodded. "We need to bring many delicious food and toys for them!" the boys enthused.
Roxanne was pleased by how caring they were. 
###Chapter 485
It was getting late, so Roxanne chatted with the boys briefly before putting them to bed. After they fell asleep, she returned to her own room.
Roxanne was physically and mentally exhausted after working hard the entire day. She washed up quickly and went to bed.
The following day, Roxanne woke up and headed to the research institute.
The staff knew that she had participated in the Damaris family's medical consultation yesterday, so they immediately came to her to ask her about it.
"Dr. Jarvis, how did the medical consultation go?"
"Are the Damarises that skilled in medicine as the rumors claimed?"
A barrage of questions sounded in Roxanne's ears.
Her lips curled up as she explained, "The Damaris family's medical consultation isn't as mysterious as you think. Think of it as an ordinary medical consultation that normal hospitals offer. As for their medical skills, I don't have the right to comment on that. However, seeing how influential they are, they must be more capable than the usual doctors."
Everyone had been too busy treating the children to notice whether the other doctors were equipped with exceptional skills.
However, it was clear that they were excellent in some way as they were able to gather so many reputable doctors.
Besides, Roxanne was also impressed by the medical equipment invented by the Damaris family.
Hearing that, everyone stopped asking about the Damaris family and instead quizzed her about the medical consultation.
Roxanne remained patient and told them everything they wanted to know.
Colby interrupted the crowd's questions and led Roxanne out of the research facility before things got out of hand. "The Damaris family has plans to build a research institute, right? Did they say anything before you left?" he questioned.
Roxanne's brows knitted, for she wasn't sure of that. "I don't know. They said nothing of the sort during the medical consultation yesterday, and I couldn't ask them outright," she told Colby truthfully, A deep line appeared between Colby's brows. "Did they notice you?" he asked anxiously.
He knew why Roxanne decided to join the medical consultation. She wanted to establish connections with the Damaris family and exchange ideas regarding the medical industry. She also wanted to collaborate with the Damaris family to elevate their research institute to a higher position.
Never mind if the Damaris family didn't mention the research institute. I wonder if Roxanne managed to befriend any of them.
Roxanne appeared hesitant. "I think so. But he only acknowledged my medical skills and said nothing else."
After all, Jack hadn't even asked for her contact details before he left the venue.
Thus, it was pretty hard for her to contact the Damaris family in the future.
Holding that thought, Roxanne let out a sigh of regret. I'm afraid I won't get the opportunity to read the ancient medicine books that the Damaris family has.
Colby fell silent for a moment before he patted her on the shoulder. "Never mind. It's enough that they acknowledged your medical skills. There are many doctors in the country, but only a few manage to catch the Damaris family's attention. You're now one of them."
Hearing his encouraging words, Roxanne chuckled gaily. "You're right. I don't know if I've achieved my initial goal, but what we did yesterday was more meaningful than my goal. I nursed many kids back to health, so it doesn't matter even if the Damaris family didn't notice me."
Admiration flashed across Colby's gaze. "I'm glad you think that way."
At noon, everyone in the research institute gathered for lunch to celebrate the success of the medical consultation yesterday. 
###Chapter 486
After lunch, Roxanne drove to the Queen residence.
It was all thanks to Alfred that she got to participate in the medical consultation, so she had to offer her gratitude to him personally.
The Queen family had also delivered some supplies last afternoon, so she also wanted to thank them on behalf of the kids at the orphanage. While she was at it, she needed to ask them what that was about
too.
On the way there, she gave Jonathan a call to inform him of her arrival.
When she arrived at the Queen residence, Jonathan was already waiting in the living room.
Seeing her, he got to his feet and gave her a welcoming smile. "Dr. Jarvis, are you here to visit my grandpa? He's resting upstairs. Should I ask him to come down now?"
Roxanne chuckled and shook her head. "I don't mind waiting. I need to talk to you, too."
Jonathan arched a brow in confusion. "What is it about?"
After they sat on the couch, Roxanne parted her lips and said, "Last afternoon, Rex delivered a huge bunch of supplies to the orphanage. He told me you gave him the order, so I'd like to thank you on behalf of the children in the orphanage."
Jonathan nodded and flashed a knowing smile. "Yes, you should say thank you. But you shouldn't be thanking me."
Roxanne was taken aback. "Was it Old Mr. Queen's order?"
That was the only possibility she could come up with.
Jonathan shook his head.
For a moment there, Roxanne was lost.
"It was Lucian's idea." Jonathan explained slowly, "Lucian paid for the supplies. He also forked out his own money for the kids' treatment in Queen Hospital. All I did was send my men to carry out the job. If you want to thank the contributor, you should thank Lucian."
Roxanne's frown deepened when she heard his explanation.
I can't believe it was Lucian. Why did he do this? There is no need for Farwell Group to get
closer to the Damaris family with their influence. Besides, Lucian used the Queen family name to get it done.
Roxanne was puzzled.
Seeing her baffiement, Jonathan chuckled. "I don't know why he did that, though. Perhaps you should ask him personally."
Before she could reply, he got to his feet. "I believe my grandpa's up. I'll go get him now."
By the time Roxanne regained her composure, he was already going up the stairs.
About a dozen thoughts crossed Roxanne's mind, and she was utterly confused.
Naturally, she wasn't going to contact Lucian to find out why he did that.
However, she couldn't figure out the reason for his actions.
She was deep in thought when Jonathan appeared at the top of the stairs and helped Alfred down.
Hearing their footsteps, Roxanne set her thoughts aside and rose to her feet to greet Alfred.
"How was the medical consultation yesterday?" asked Alfred.
Roxanne answered him cheerfully, "Thank you for giving me the chance to participate in the medical consultation, Old Mr. Queen. It was really meaningful, and I learned many things that aren't usually made available to me."
Feeling pleased, Alfred bobbed his head. "I knew this wouldn't be a fruitless experience for you as you're smart. What about the Damaris family? Did they comment on your skills?" Jonathan chimed in, "My grandpa put in a good word for you with Old Mr. Damaris."
Roxanne flashed a grateful smile. "Mr. Damaris treated the doctors similarly, so I can't be sure what he thinks of me. However, what the Damaris family thinks of me isn't important to me anymore. I'm glad that got the chance to participate in the medical consultation." 
###Chapter 487
They chatted briefly. As the sky was turning dark, Roxanne got up and bid goodbye to them.
When she got home, Archie and Benny were already there. Lysa had also already prepared dinner
Roxanne and the boys had their meal together. After dinner, she played with them and waited until they fell asleep before going back to her room.
As Roxanne lay in bed, she couldn't help but think about what Jonathan had told her that afternoon.
It was Lucian who told Jonathan to deliver the supplies. Why did he do that? Jonathan even told me to ask him his motive personally.
Roxanne had a feeling that Jonathan knew something. Why does it feel like there's a hidden meaning in his words?
Conflicting emotions welled up in Roxanne when she came to that conclusion.
As her mind wandered, she slowly fell asleep.
Roxanne was awoken by the sound of her phone ringing early the following morning
When she looked at the caller ID, she realized it was from a number she did not recognize.
Roxanne hadn't slept well last night and was woken up rudely by an unknown number, so she answered the call gruffly and demanded in a hoarse voice, "Who is this?"
A few seconds later, the person on the other end of the line chuckled and replied, "It's me, Jack Damaris. Did I wake you up, Dr. Jarvis?"
Roxanne jerked awake and sat up in bed. Rubbing her eyes, she told him, "No. I'm usually awake at this hour, but I fell asleep later than usual last night." Jack laughed understandingly.
"Mr. Damaris, how did you get my phone number?" Roxanne was still in a daze, I remember Jack didn't get my contact details previously.
Jack replied cheerfully, "I got your number from Old Mr. Queen. Sorry for the abrupt call, Dr. Jarvis."
Roxanne quickly waved his concern away. "Oh, it's fine. Why did you call me this early, though?”
Jack glanced at the old man clad in a traditional outfit beside him.
The old man gave him a curt nod.
Jack parted his lips and revealed, "Well, I need to discuss something with you. I think we should meet up and talk in person, though. Dr. Jarvis, are you free to have a chat?"
A thought flashed past Roxanne's mind, and she immediately brightened up. "Mr. Damaris, I can meet you anytime."
"Will this afternoon do? I'll send you the location later," Jack suggested.
Roxanne agreed to his suggestion at once.
After the call ended, Roxanne felt nervous.
Jack went through the trouble just to contact her, so the only possibility was that the Damaris family wanted to collaborate with their research institute.
That was what she had hoped for all along.
Now that her wish was going to come true, Roxanne grew increasingly anxious. Hopefully, I don't mess up when we meet this afternoon.
After breakfast, Roxanne called Colby.
Colby was already at the research institute. He had changed his clothes and was about to head into the research facility when he received Roxanne's call. "Dr. Jarvis, what is it?"
Roxanne explained, "I won't be going to the research institute today. The Damaris family just called me and asked to meet with me today, so please handle all the affairs at the research institute."
The same thought popped up in Colby's mind, too. He agreed readily, "Sure! Don't worry about the research institute and focus on your discussion with the Damaris family. Don't get stressed out." Roxanne agreed without hesitation. 
###Chapter 488
The meeting with the Damaris family was important, so Roxanne dressed up to show her sincerity.
That afternoon, she arrived at the café earlier than the agreed time.
Shortly after, she spotted Jack leading an elderly man into the café.
The grey-haired man who resembled Jack was skinny and wearing a traditional outfit.
It only took one look for her to guess how they were related to each other.
Shocked, Roxanne got up hurriedly. She waited until they both came to a stop in front of her before giving the elderly man a polite bow.
The man gave her a kind smile and observed her carefully.
Roxanne had put on light makeup and tied her hair up to reveal her delicate features and swan-like neck. She looked beautiful and demure, dressed in a simple but elegant long dress.
Sensing his gaze, Roxanne stood in her spot and allowed him to observe him as a smile played on her lips.
A while later, the old man looked away and gestured at Jack.
"Dr. Jarvis, sorry to keep you waiting." Jack helped the old man into a seat across from Roxanne, then introduced them to each other. "This is my grandfather, the head of the Damaris family. You can call him," "Call me Old Mr. Damaris," Hector Damaris interjected cheerfully.
He seemed kind and friendly, so Roxanne flashed a warm smile. "Hello, Old Mr. Damaris,"
Hector nodded genially and went straight to the topic. "I asked you out today for a talk as Jack told me you did a great job at the medical consultation yesterday."
Roxanne nodded obediently to indicate that she was listening:
"Jack told me that the acupuncture skills you used seemed old school and differed from everyone else's. Where did you learn them from?" Hector gazed at her curiously. Roxanne wasn't about to lie to him, so she replied honestly, "My mentor was
interested in ancient medicine, so I was lucky enough to have read some related books in his house. After that, I worked hard and received some help from my mentor to develop the acupuncture treatment myself."
Hector nodded thoughtfully as he shot Roxanne an approving look.
Roxanne mentioned that her acupuncture skills were derived from ancient medicine books and that she received help from Harvey, but Hector had been in the industry long enough to know that one would only succeed if one worked hard enough.
It was clear that Roxanne had worked hard to develop her own unique acupuncture skills.
"Before the medical consultation, Old Mr. Queen would lavish praises on you whenever he contacted me. After the medical consultation ended, Jack came to me and told me you're a rare and talented doctor. Now that we finally got to meet in person, I realize they are telling the truth," Hector commented.
Roxanne glanced at Jack subconsciously, for she had no idea he would mention her before Hector.
Jack merely smiled in response.
"I love researching, that's all. There are many great traditional medicine doctors in the country, so I might not be as capable as them. Old Mr. Damaris, I don't deserve your praise."
Hector waved his hand. "You might not have that much experience, but I've been in this industry long enough, and my judgment is always accurate. You'll be the cream of the crop internationally one day." Roxanne was touched to hear that and thanked him gratefully, "I do hope so, Old Mr. Damaris!"
Hector responded with a joyful grin. 
###Chapter 489
After having some small talk, Hector cut to the chase and said, "I heard from Alfred that you're interested in the Damaris family's plan to set up the research institute and thinking of collaborating with us, aren't you?"
Hearing that, Roxanne perked up in an instant. Wearing a look of solemnity, she stated earnestly, "I've always been interested in traditional medicine. I'm more than happy to know that the Damaris family will set up a research institute specializing in this field. Not to mention, your family has been leading in the field all this while. Thus, I wish to grab this opportunity to collaborate with your family as I believe it'll boost my advancement in traditional medicine too."
Hector scrutinized Roxanne for quite a while with a smile. Apparently, he was utterly pleased with her explanation.
Roxanne put up a good front, but she could not help having her heart in her mouth.
She knew that she should not let the chance slip away that round. Even though Hector was undoubtedly satisfied with her, she was still worried that things might go south.
However, there was still no response from Hector after a while. Clenching her fists, Roxanne looked into his eyes with determination. "Old Mr. Damaris, I hope you can give me a chance. I'll put in the effort and won't let you down!"
Only then did Hector nod gradually. "Of course, I'll give you a chance."
Buoyed up by his words, Roxanne was flushed with joyand at a loss as to what to do. She had to tighten the clench of her fists to get a grip on herself.
"You did well during the medical consultation, but I can't help feeling regretful." Hector switched the topic abruptly.
There was a slight change in Roxanne's countenance; her heart skipped a beat. She could not wrap her head around his stance.
Sensing her anxiousness, Hector flashed her a reassuring smile. "Don't worry. Since I've mentioned that I'll give you a chance, I won't take back my words. I'm actually feeling regretful for not being able to see how well you displayed your skills with my own eyes. Anyway, I hope there'll be a chance for me to witness that during our collaboration in the near future."
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief and nodded agreeably. "Sure, Old Mr. Damaris, thanks for giving me this chance. It's an honor to be able to collaborate with the Damaris family, I'll prove myself for sure!" Hector began taking a fancy to her as time elapsed. Seeing how she swallowed her pride, he could not resist chuckling. "There's no need for formality. After all, I'm closely acquainted with Alfred. He keeps reminding me to give you more opportunities too. Just treat me as if I were him."
Feeling a little awkward, Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled.
Hector added casually, "I'd met your professor long ago. Even though he's been overseas throughout these years, he's contributed a lot to Chanaea with the medicine from his research. Now that I think about it, it's been quite a while since I last met him. I wonder how he's been doing lately."
Roxanne could sense that Hector was trying to let her feel more relaxed. She smiled gratefully. "Professor Lambert has set up a research institute overseas. Apart from that, the one I'm currently working for was set up by him too. I bet he'll be overjoyed once he knows I have the opportunity to collaborate with the Damaris family."
Hector nodded slightly. "Let's have a meal together when he's back."
Roxanne agreed at once. "I'll convey your message to him."
They chatted for the whole afternoon till it started to turn dark gradually. Feeling a bit tired, Hector returned to the topic. "Jack is in charge of the research institute. If anything arises in the future, you can liaise with each other directly."
After exchanging contact numbers with Roxanne, Jack held onto Hector's arm and left with him. 
###Chapter 490
Alfred was well aware that Hector had met up with Roxanne earlier that day. After dinner that night, he gave Hector a call to have a grasp of their collaboration.
Meanwhile, Jonathan was seated alongside him. After knowing that the Damaris family had agreed to collaborate with Roxanne, he notified Lucian without hesitation
in the meantime, Lucian had just put Estella to sleep when he received Jonathan's call. "Yes?"
"Let me tell you some great news. The Damaris family has agreed to collaborate with Dr. Jarvis. Thus, I suppose she'll not fly overseas temporarily," Jonathan responded with sheer blissfulness in his tone. Lucian arched his brows and nodded pleasantly. "Well done."
From the other end of the line, Jonathan's voice sounded again. "Even so, it implies that Dr. Jarvis will have to deal with the young heir from the Damaris family for a certain period after this." Lucian knitted his brows. "What do you mean?"
"Jack Damaris will be in charge of the Damaris family's research institute. You know him, don't you?" Jonathan replied with utter schadenfreude in his tone.
Lucian's frown deepened into a scowl instantaneously.
Undeniably, the Farwell family did not have expertise in the medical field. Nonetheless, he had run into the so-called young heir of the Damaris family several times.
Jonathan added insult to injury by elucidating further, "Mr. Damaris is the heir of the Damaris family. Not only that, his medical skills are the most outstanding among the young generation of the Damaris family. As for his looks, you had seen him in person before, right? He has quite a pleasant temperament too. I heard Old Mr. Damaris was willing to collaborate with Dr. Jarvis partly because Mr. Damaris had helped pull some strings for her."
"So what?" There was intense displeasure in Lucian's voice,
Jonathan raised his brows. "Dr. Jarvis and Mr. Damaris are not only single but also from the same profession. I'm convinced that they'll have a lot of common topics later, What's more, they are both outstanding. If they get to liaise with each other more, I'm afraid.."
Fiven though Jonathan did not finish his words, Lucian had a clear insight into his mind.
Unequivocally, Roxanne and Jack matched each other perfectly well and might fall for each other in the long run. If so, Lucian's effort would go down the drain.
At the thought of that, Lucian's expression darkened.
He was frustrated enough with Larry by Roxanne's side. If Jack turned out to be another one who would stick to her, Lucian would not dare to imagine how he would react.
After what seemed like an eternity, there was no response from Lucian. Therefore, Jonathan tried to enlighten him sincerely, "Since I've made things clear, do you still intend to feign ignorance? I've put in a lot of effort so Dr. Jarvis can remain in Chanaea this round. If others become the ones to benefit from it, I won't be able to accept that even if you can bear with it."
On the heels of that, there was another round of silence.
When Jonathan was at a loss for words to advise Lucian, the latter eventually muttered, "I got it."
Next, he hung up on Jonathan before the latter came to his senses.
Catching sight of the phone screen darkening, Jonathan was bereft of speech. My goodness! How could he only respond nonchalantly after I've said so much? What does he mean by that?
Jonathan had sensed Lucian's feelings toward Roxanne, and the woman was even éstella's biological mother. Since then, he had been giving his all to help Lucian with that.
Nevertheless, he was speechless about the duo's current state after putting in so much effort. He was worried stiff when Lucian even quarreled with Roxanne.
That was why he hinted at Lucian, hoping he would take prompt action. It never occurred to him that the latter would remain unperturbed.
Consequently, Jonathan started having an awful headache.
F 
###Chapter 491
At the Farwell residence, Lucian stood outside Estella's room for a long time after hanging up. Devoid of expression, he was preoccupied with the snippets of Roxanne alongside another man. Hmph! That hard-hearted woman left without a second thought sir years ago, and I've been tracking her down for six years!
Now that Roxanne was back, Lucian would never let her be closely acquainted with other men. He had already blown a gasket after seeing her interactions with Larry several times lately. Since she'll collaborate with Jack Damaris, they'll cross paths more often inevitably. If something happens between them...
At the thought of that, Lucian's face turned grim. It was as though there was a drastic drop in the temperature around him. No way! I won't let that happen! As for Roxanne, I can't let her continue avoiding me! Because of Jonathan's first-hand information, Lucian had been racking his brain the following days on how he could mend his relationship with Roxanne. He had been sending Estella to and fetching her from the kindergarten lately, hoping to run into Roxanne so he could talk things out with her.
Unexpectedly, she did not show up at all in the following days. As a result, Lucian could not help but despise himself for having such a ridiculous idea. I have lost count of the days she's been trying to hide from me. Even Estella has accepted the indisputable fact that she might not be able to meet her again. Why am I still anticipating bumping into her here?
"Daddy." Estella's mellifluous voice sounded abruptly in the car when Lucian fell into a trance.
He furrowed his brows as he regained his composure before turning to look at Estella quizzically.
Seeing that she had managed to attract her father's attention, Estella uttered sweetly, "Ms. Ward told us that our kindergarten will hold an anniversary celebration."
Lucian nodded. "What about it?"
Needless to say, he was aware of it. As he had invested in the kindergarten, the management had requested his permission when they planned to organize the event. However, he could not fathom why Estella suddenly brought up the subject,
There was unmissable anticipation in Estella's eyes as she piped up, "Ms. Ward told us everyone has to perform during the anniversary celebration. Our parents have to join too!"
With that, she gazed at her father eagerly. It was clear enough for Lucian to get what
she meant. If parents are requested to join, Ms. Jarvis will surely show up too! Even if she tries to avoid us and refuses to speak to me, it's good enough that I can have the chance to see her! Lucian's gaze darkened as he looked intently at the anticipation in Estella's eyes. He nodded indifferently. "Okay! I know."
Hearing that, Estella tilted her head with a look of disappointment on her face.
Initially, she expected Lucian would share the same sentiments as her. It never came to her that he would only respond with sheer indifference. Does it mean Daddy doesn't like Ms. Jarvis anymore? Oblivious to what was playing in Estella's mind, Lucian only hummed nonchalantly before retracting his gaze. Even so, he could not overlook the frustration surging from within him.
He knew fully well that Estella wished to grab the opportunity to meet Roxanne. Nonetheless, he yearned for more. He was not satisfied with just seeing her and vowed to find ways to mend their relationship. As the thought occurred to him, Lucian could not help but feel his temples start throbbing
He was sure as h*ll that Roxanne would not spare them any glance if they had the chance to bump into her during the occasion. Hmph! After all, she's determined to keep a distance from us!
He had no choice but to exercise restraint. Otherwise, it would only exacerbate the situation.
Subsequently, he and Estella each had something on their mind. None of them uttered any words along the way home.
Back in the Farwell residence, Lucian only noticed that Estella seemed to be in low spirits. He knitted his brows in bafflement. Wasn't she in high spirits in the car a while ago? So why is she suddenly upset? 
###Chapter 492
Catching sight of Estella having her meal gloomily, Lucian could not restrain himself from questioning, "Essie, what's the matter? Why're you unhappy?" Estella pouted her lips and grumbled, "You don't like Ms. Jarvis anymore."
Flabbergasted, Lucian was silent for a few seconds before querying desperately, "What makes you say that?"
Down in the dumps, Estella stared at him. "We can finally meet Ms. Jarvis during the anniversary celebration, but you don't seem to look forward to it at all." Lucian's brows twitched uncontrollably as he refuted, "That's not true.".
Estella threw him a glance doubtfully. Daddy didn't look excited at all in the car just now. Even when he's denying it now, he doesn't look glad at all. He's bluffing!
Sensing Estella's doubt, Lucian frowned resignedly. "I only can't help thinking we can't carry on like this."
Perplexed, Estella tilted her head.
Lucian stroked Estella's head affectionately. Deep down, he knew he needed her help to mend his relationship with Roxanne. Oh! Why don't I make things clear with her now? "Essie, you like Ms. Jarvis, don't you? Since she's paying no heed to us, don't you think we should take the initiative first?" He guided her patiently.
Estella nodded fervently.
"Essie, if Ms. Jarvis shows up during the anniversary celebration, go to look for her, okay?" Lucian asked.
Estella was more than willing to do so. Thus, she nodded without thinking twice.
Lucian nodded slightly, racking his brain on what excuse he could use to approach Roxanne that day.
Just as his head was aching, the screen of his phone on the table lit up.
Lucian grabbed it instinctively to have a glimpse. It was a message sent by Pippa to the parents' group chat: Dear parents, our kindergarten will arrange for our students to have stage performances during the anniversary celebration. We sincerely hope that all of you can attend it and watch their performances. Apart from that, we plan to have our students perform a play together with their parents on the stage. It is to strengthen the relationship between the students and their parents. Thus, we look forward to everyone's cooperation.
At the sight of the message, Lucian felt his heart flutter.
At that instant, one of the parents responded with a question: Is it compulsory for everyone to take part in the play? How will the performers be confirmed?
Pippa replied: We hope that everyone can take part. However, parents who can't make it can contact me directly. As for the parents who can take part, we'll divide everyone into groups. I'll share the team list here once the list of parents participating is confirmed.
Everyone agreed in unison.
The moment Lucian realized everyone would be divided into groups, he arched his brows as something popped into his mind.
After replying to Pippa's message in the group chat, he called Cayden right away.
Cayden had just had his dinner when his phone rang with Lucian's name blinking on the screen. He answered it at once. "Mr. Farwell, what can I do for you?”
Lucian instructed solemnly, "Get in touch with the head of the kindergarten. Tell him to talk Roxanne into attending the anniversary celebration this round. On top of that, request him to arrange Essie and her two kids in the same team."
Cayden was clueless about the series of activities during the anniversary celebration of the kindergarten. Even so, he dared not dawdle to carry out the mission as instructed by his boss.
Right after Lucian hung up, Cayden called the head of the kindergarten to relay the former's instruction. The latter agreed with that readily. 
###Chapter 493
Meanwhile, Roxanne hesitated when she read the text message sent in the group chat.
She had just sealed the deal with the Damaris family, and it was expected of her to adjust her schedule according to the request of the Damaris family. Hence, she was not sure if she would be busy then. Moreover, she had to attend the anniversary celebration. With that said, she would inevitably run into either Lucian or Estella; or both.
She could not bear to see the sad puppy eyes of Estella.
While Archie and Benny were discussing the anniversary celebration with her, they saw the message posted by Pippa in the group chat. Upon noticing the worrisome look on Roxanne's face, they asked cautiously, "Will you go, Mommy?"
Their tone of voice put her in a quandary. "If I don't go, would you two be able to attend the event on your own?"
The boys exchanged a glance and shook their heads vigorously. "We want you to be there, Mommy!"
Actually, the two kids were not bothered if Roxanne was absent. However, they thought about the chance of their mother running into Estella if she were to show up at the anniversary celebration.
It's been a long while since Mommy has paid Essie a visit. We really want to cheer Essie up.
Roxanne frowned instead of answering immediately.
Benny put up a pitiful face and stared into Roxanne's eyes. "Mommy, this is the very first time we're going to perform on stage."
Right then, Archie chimed in, "We really want you to watch our performance. Little children like us will get stage fright if Mommy isn't there."
Roxanne found it amusing to hear Archie express his fear so solemnly, but she acknowledged their desire to want her there.
Even though she was not sure if the boys were up to anything, she did not want to miss the kids' first-ever performance. After mulling it over for a long time, she agreed, "Okay, I got it. I'll accompany you to the celebration."
With that, Roxanne exited the chat with Pippa.
Initially, she wanted to inform the latter that she would be absent on the day of the event. However, the eagerness of the children changed her mind. She did not have the heart to disappoint them.
When Archie and Benny heard that their mother said yes, they cheered excitedly. Both of them hugged Roxanne and exclaimed dotingly, "Thanks, Mommy! We love you the most!"
Roxanne smiled and patted their heads.
Afterward, her phone buzzed. Roxanne took a peek and saw that it was a message from Pippa. Ms. Jarvis, would you be coming to the anniversary celebration?
Roxanne was briefly stunned by the teacher's question and wondered why she would purposely ask her that.
During the last tree-planting event, Ms. Ward just assumed my presence. I don't remember her personally checking up on me for a response.
Just as she was still puzzled over the strange gesture, Pippa seemed to have sensed the awkwardness. Therefore, the latter quickly added another line to explain herself. The upcoming school event is rather important. Thus, the school leader requested the teachers to confirm with all parents.
With her question answered, Roxanne did not dwell much on it anymore. She replied: Don't worry, Ms. Ward. I'll be there on time for the event and participate actively. Thanks for asking
Pippa heaved a sigh of relief when she received a favorable response from Roxanne. After having brief small talk, Pippa exited the chat and sent the screenshot of her conversation with Roxanne to Jeffrey, the head of the kindergarten.
Jeffrey instructed Pippa to get Roxanne's confirmation. In the case Roxanne declined the invitation to the celebration, Pippa was asked to persuade her accordingly.
When Pippa approached Roxanne, she was worried that the latter would say no. Should that happen, the former had to come up with an excuse to make Roxanne change her mind. Fortunately, none of her worries came true.
After updating Jeffrey, Pippa received an instant reply: Put Ms. Estella Farwell on the same team as her two children.
Pippa did not dare to question Jeffrey's intention. She assumed that Estella had requested to be on the same team as the boys. Hence, she agreed. 
###Chapter 494
When Roxanne was having lunch the next day, she saw Pippa's text in the group chat. It was about the kids' activity grouping:
Upon clicking the link, she caught her name at the top of the list right away. It was followed by Lucian's name.
Roxanne was flabbergasted. She checked it once more and even queried the teacher: Ms. Ward, am I supposed to read the name list horizontally or vertically?Oh no, it's Murphy's law! If it was arranged horizontally, I'll be in the same group as Lucian. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
Pippa replied in a jiffy: Hi, Ms. Jarvis, please read it horizontally.
Roxanne's expression froze at the sight of the message. Refusing to give up, she asked once more to try her luck: May I switch to another team?
Meanwhile, Pippa was helping other parents to regroup the other kids. When she read Roxanne's text, she felt bad for not doing her a favor. She responded: I'm sorry, Ms. Jarvis. The groups have been fixed, and we can't change them anymore. In addition, it has been submitted to Mr. Bauer. If there's any reason to amend the list, we'll need to seek Mr. Bauer's advice.
Pippa figured that since Jeffrey had given her a specific instruction, it was better for her to bring up Jeffrey's name when the scenario did not quite go as planned.
A trace of strong resistance appeared in Roxanne's eyes. She frowned at Pippa's reply.
Shortly after, Pippa sent her another text. It read: We've considered various aspects before grouping the kids together. Among all the classmates, Essie is the closest to Archie and Benny. If we let Essie work with other families, I'm afraid she won't participate in the stage play. Thank you for your understanding.
At the mention of Estella, Roxanne's heart softened.
As much as she rejected the idea of being grouped with Lucian and Estella, she agreed with Pippa's rationale. She could not imagine how the little girl could feel comfortable around other families. After much hesitating, she thanked Pippa and ended the conversation despite feeling very troubled by it.
She had prepared herself to bump into Lucian and Estella at the anniversary celebration
However, she did not expect to be in the same team as them,
Suddenly, she lost all of her appetite.
She took a few mouthfuls, switched off her phone, and left.
There was still a strand of hope in her, thinking that there would not be much intimate interaction with the father-daughter duo since it was a kindergarten play. It's probably jusi a fairy tale or a fable. By the time she returned home in the evening, the boys were already back.
At the sight of Archie and Benny, Roxanne's smile became stiff. She could not help but be reminded of the upcoming collaboration with Lucian on the school play.
On the contrary, the boys who were aware of the groupings were over the moon and anxious at the same time.
On the one hand, they were looking forward to performing with Estella. On the other hand, they were reluctant to face Lucian, knowing that Roxanne had no intention of crossing paths with him. Yet, there was only one way they could perform with Estella, which was to be on the same team as Lucian!
They were scared that Roxanne would change her mind and not show up at the anniversary celebration the moment she found out about the arrangement.
At that thought, the boys fell very silent and did not mention a word about the event.
Roxanne found their reactions strange and took a wild guess. "Have you guys heard about the grouping?"
Her question made their hearts skip a beat. The kids stared at each other nervously. No one uttered anything in response.
Moments later, Benny posed a question cautiously, "Did you find out about it, Mommy?"
Roxanne nodded firmly. "Ms. Ward sent the list this afternoon." 
###Chapter 495
After hearing Roxanne's reply, Archie and Benny became concerned. "So, are you still going, Mommy?" they asked.
Roxanne read their minds, and shook her head passively.
The two boys thought she meant she was not going, so they anxiously tugged at her and whined, "Mommy, you gave us your promise, so you can't take back your word! If you don't want to talk to Mr. Farwell, we will keep him from you!"
Roxanne was amused by their reactions. She ruffled their hair affectionately and assured them, "Don't worry. Since I gave you my word, I will definitely honor it. Moreover, Ms. Ward has already finalized the groupings, so mommy can't possibly trouble her to make changes now, can I?"
The boys heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing her assurance.
However, Roxanne's heart sank as she thought about the one she had to partner with. "Do you know which play we are doing?" she probed.
She heard from Pippa that the children drew lots to see which play they would be involved in, so she was positive Archie and Benny knew the answer.
Upon hearing her question, Benny ran to his bag and dug into it for a while. Then he came back with a piece of crumpled paper, likely the piece they got from the draw earlier that day.
Roxanne froze on the spot after she took a look at that piece of paper.
Neatly written on the paper were the words Sleeping Beauty. For the benefit of the children, their teacher even added phonetic alphabets under the words.
"Mommy, do you know this story?" Benny looked up at Roxanne and curiously asked.
Roxanne did not have the habit of reading bedtime stories to the boys. On the rare occasions when she did, she also would not pick fairy tales about princes and princesses for the boys. As such, the fairy tale Sleeping Beauty was alien to Archie and Benny
Roxanne was at a loss for words, not knowing how to answer Benny's question about the storyline.
Her mind was on the play. She could imagine the roles of Sleeping Beauty and the prince would likely fall on her and Lucian. Knowing how the storyline was, she became anxious.
If she had known earlier that their play was Sleeping Beauty, Roxanne would never have agreed to participate. Alas, it was too late for her to back out.
After contemplating for a while, Roxanne looked at the kids and said, "Mommy's going to make a phone call, so you boys should stay quiet and don't make too much noise, okay?" The kids obediently nodded their heads.
Roxanne took out her phone and called Jeffrey Bauer, the head of the kids' kindergarten.
Pippa had told her in the afternoon that only Jeffrey could make changes to the groupings for the plays. Roxanne desperately wanted to switch to another group. If that was not possible, she would request a change in the play.
She frowned and disappointedly hung up after receiving a busy tone. After a short wait, she was about to call again when Jeffrey returned her call.
"Hi, Ms. Jarvis. Sorry I missed your call. How can I help you?" Jeffrey asked.
Roxanne apologetically replied, "I'm so sorry for calling you at this hour, Mr. Bauer. May I know if it's still possible to make changes to the groupings for the anniversary celebration performances?"
At the other end of the phone, a conscience-stricken expression appeared on Jeffrey's face when he heard Roxanne's request. He was quick to compose himself and patiently explained, "As you know, our kindergarten is a little different from the usual ones in that all the parents are busy professionals. The groupings for the performances were finalized after many rounds of consultation and discussion with all the parents. If we wish to make any changes, we'll have to go through another tedious round of coordination with the other parents. I'm afraid that's going to be challenging... Moreover, our activities for the anniversary celebration are about to commence next week. If we are to make any changes now, we may not have sufficient time for rehearsals. I can foresee that's going to affect the performance..." He gave Roxanne the impression that her request would make things difficult for everyone.
After the subtle rejection, he asked with concern, "Is there any particular reason for you wanting to switch to another group?" 
###Chapter 496
Since her request was going to make things difficult for others, Roxanne could not insist on it. She smiled in resignation and said, "In that case, don't worry about it. We'll leave it as it is."
Almost immediately, Jeffrey replied, "Thank you for your understanding, Ms. Jarvis. If there's nothing else, I'll end this call with you. Other parents are trying to reach me as well, so I'll have to get back to them." He was in a hurry to hang up, seemingly worried that Roxanne would change her mind.
After ending the call with Jeffrey, Roxanne stared blankly at the crumpled piece of paper with the words Sleeping Beauty on it.
The two boys noticed her reaction and gingerly called out, "Mommy."
Roxanne looked at them with downcast eyes. Seeing that their mom seemed disheartened, the boys anxiously asked, "Mommy, you don't like that play?"
She nodded, which aroused the curiosity in the boys.
"Why? Is it a terrible story? Can you tell us that story?" they asked.
Roxanne frowned slightly and bit her lips, feeling a little awkward. "I... I will tell you the story another day," she finally replied.
She highly suspected she and Lucian would be given the lead roles for the play. Horrified by the idea of her being Sleeping Beauty with Lucian as her prince, she became despondent and was not in the mood for storytelling.
She prayed hard that the kindergarten would modify the story to cater to the audience of young kids.
Roxanne's reaction triggered the interest of Archie and Benny in Sleeping Beauty. Aware that Roxanne was not keen to tell them, they decided not to pursue further. They merely asked, "Mommy, you're still going to participate, right?"
Roxanne nodded with a heavy heart. She kept checking her phone to see if Pippa would provide more updates with regard to the script of the play.
After a few minutes, a notification came in. It was a message from Pippa in the group chat for parents.
Roxanne pursed her lips nervously and read the message.
Pippa had sent an attachment. It was the file that listed the participants in each group and their respective plays.
Ms. Raranne Jarvis and Mr. Lucian Farwell will be doing Sleeping Beauty.
The other plays were also fairy tales, such as The Little Match Girl and Little Red Riding Hood. It was obvious the kindergarten had made conscious efforts to choose stories with varied themes.
li was just unfortunate for Roxanne that she got a love story.
Roxanne was troubled. She stole a look at her boys and secretly bemoaned her bad luck for having gotten Sleeping Beauty as their play.
Another message from Pippa came in: Dear parents, please join us for a meeting at the kindergarten tomorrow to discuss the script for the plays.
The other parents started replying to Pippa's message to confirm their attendance.
Although she was feeling dispirited, Roxanne obligingly replied: Noted. I'll be there. Noted.
The next message that came in immediately after Roxanne's reply was Lucian's short one-word reply. Although his reply was curt, it attracted lots of attention as he almost never responded to messages in the group chat previously.
A curious parent wrote: Are you joining us in the anniversary celebration activities this year, Mr. Farwell? Which play are you in, and who is your partner?
That parent even tagged Lucian in the message. 
###Chapter 497
Sleeping Beauty, with Ms. Jarvis.
Lucian replied and tagged Roxanne in his reply. His reply caused quite a stir within the group, given that he was usually a group chat ghost. Roxanne was about to move on when she saw the tag notification. Surprised, she went back into the group chat and read Lucian's reply. There was a long period of silence after Lucian's reply, and the active exchange in that group suddenly died down. Roxanne had no idea if the other parents were too stunned by Lucian's involvement or if they were waiting for her reply.
She stared at Lucian's message for a long time, frowning slightly as she speculated on Lucian's intention. Troubled and confused, she finally decided not to pay attention to that group chat and went offline. Archie and Benny were quietly sitting next to Roxanne, observing her. They became anxious when they detected her mood change, worried that she would decide to withdraw from the play.
"We're sleepy, Mommy. Can we go back to our room?" The boys pretended to yawn while they secretly watched for Roxanne's reaction.
Roxanne's mind stopped wandering, and her attention was successfully directed back to the boys. She rubbed their heads lovingly and said, "Sure. Let's have an early night. Mommy will send you to school tomorrow."
The boys' eyes lit up upon hearing that, and they excitedly nodded their heads.
Roxanne put on a forced smile, brought the kids to their room, and tucked them in.
After she left and the boys heard her closing the door to her room, they cautiously opened their eyes and sat up in their beds.
"Archie, do you know the story about Sleeping Beauty?" Benny stared at Archie in the dark and asked, curious.
The boys had noticed Roxanne's mood changes throughout the evening.
When she heard they were in the same group as Lucian, she was a little apprehensive but accepted without complaints. However, after realizing the play they were going to do was Sleeping Beauty, Roxanne became visibly troubled.
Moreover, she refused to tell them the storyline.
Archie thought about it briefly and climbed out of his bed. He turned on the computer and said, "We can go online to search for it!"
Benny's eyes lit up and he hurried over to Archie's side.
Archie quickly typed in the search word, and in no time, they found what they were looking for.
The two stared at the screen intently, reading about the story. At the end of the story, there was an illustration. Sleeping Beauty was lying in bed, dressed in a pretty gown, and the prince was bent over her, giving her a kiss.
The boys blinked their eyes as their little brains processed the information. They reckoned they had found the reason for Roxanne's resistance to the play.
The boys knew Roxanne and Lucian would take the roles of Sleeping Beauty and the prince. Since she disliked him, she would definitely not want to be acting out that kissing scene with him,
The boys felt bad for Roxanne. They wanted her to participate in the play with them so Estella could get to spend time with her. However, they also understood her hesitation about being kissed by Lucian in the play.
Daddy and Mommy kissing...
The boys turned to look at one another, and their eyes sparkled with anticipation.
Although they did not really like Lucian, deep in their heart, they wished to see their family being united. They began to look forward to seeing their parents being together, especially their intimate interaction. 
###Chapter 498
That night, both the boys and Roxanne did not get a good night’s sleep.
Roxanne couldn’t stop thinking about Lucian’s reply in the group chat and also their collaboration in the play.
As for the kids, they were kept awake by the worry that their mommy would back out of the play.
The next morning, Roxanne stepped out of her room and saw two little “pandas” at her door.
Surprised at the sight of the dark circles around the boys’ eyes, she frowned and softly jested, “Where did these two pandas come from?”
The boys innocently looked up to her and gave her sheepish smiles.
Roxanne shook her head and asked with concern, “What happened? Did you not sleep well last night? How did you get such bad dark circles?”
Roxanne’s heart ached, and she bent over and gently caressed the area around their eyes.
The boys closed their eyes to accommodate her, but there was a look of anxiousness on their faces. “Mommy, you’re still going to join us in the anniversary celebration, right?” They sought her assurance.
Lucian’s face appeared in Roxanne’s mind when she was reminded of the anniversary play. Her heart sank, but she put on a brave front and said, “Of course! Mr. Bauer told me the groupings are final, and we can’t make changes anymore.” 
The two boys nodded in relief, but their eyes never left her.
Roxanne wondered if it was her imagination, but she thought Archie and Benny looked apologetic.
She was puzzled by their abnormal behavior as she could not recall the boys doing anything naughty or hurtful to her.
During breakfast, the boys were very attentive to Roxanne, piling her plate with food and filling her glass with milk.
After a while, Roxanne could not hold back her curiosity anymore. “Okay, out with it! What have you done behind my back?” she asked.
The boys froze for a second, anxiously looked at one another, then turned to Roxanne and shook their heads.
Roxanne gave them a suspicious eye and said, “Then why are you so exceptionally attentive to me this morning?”
Instantly, the boys’ guilty expressions betrayed them.
After reading about the story of Sleeping Beauty, they felt they had betrayed their mother. They had the kind intention of helping Estella, but as a result, they inadvertently got Roxanne into an awkward situation whereby she had to be kissed by Lucian.
They couldn’t possibly tell their mother the truth, so both of them pursed their lips tightly together and refused to utter a word. Although Roxanne knew something was fishy, she decided not to probe, knowing she would not be able to get them to talk.
Archie and Benny secretly breathed a sigh of relief and quietly finished their breakfast under the apprehensive eyes of their mother.
After breakfast, Roxanne sent the two boys to school and stayed on to attend the parents’ meeting to discuss the plays’ scripts.
It had been a while since Roxanne last accompanied the boys to school, so Archie and Benny were very happy. However, as they were still conscience-stricken by their “betrayal,” they suppressed their excitement and kept quiet throughout the journey.
It was highly unusual for the kids to be so dull and subdued.
Normally, they would be chatting non-stop during the journey to kindergarten, especially since their mom had not been sending them to school for a while.
###Chapter 499
Pippa was already waiting by the gate when Roxanne arrived with her boys. She smiled and grected them.
"Hi, Ms. Jarvis. It has been a long time!" Pippa said.
Roxanne politely smiled and replied, "I've been busy at work lately. Did Archie and Benny give you any trouble?"
Roxanne suspected the boys might have done something wrong in school, resulting in their strange behavior that morning.
Surprisingly, Pippa shook her head and said, "Not at all! Archie and Benny are really good boys. Sometimes, they even help me look after other kids. I have to thank you for bringing up such sensible boys!" Roxanne lowered her eyes and looked at the two boys that were standing by her side. They looked up to her with wide-eyed innocence, leaving her perplexed.
Seeing that they were not going to let her in on their secret, she gave up and looked away.
"Ms. Jarvis!"
A sweet, child-like voice rang out from behind Roxanne.
Roxanne turned around and saw Estella running toward her as fast as her tiny legs could take her. Her chubby little face was turning red from the exertion. The little girl was dressed in an adorable dress and had a head full of curly hair.
Roxanne was stunned by the sight of Estella's curly hair. She bent over and hesitantly asked, "What happened to your hair, Essie?".
She remembered Estella had naturally straight hair and wondered who styled her hair.
Estella tugged at her own hair and innocently said, "Grandma! Grandma said all princesses have curly hair!"
Sonya was aware of the kindergarten's anniversary celebration. She heard Estella was going to act in the play, so she excitedly brought the little girl to the salon to style her hair.
Lucian did not want to quarrel with his mother over such a small matter, so he let her be.
When Estella mentioned Sonya, Roxanne's heart became heavy, and she instinctively stood up and took a step away from the little girl.
Estella could sense ber change in attitude. She tilted her head in confusion and looked disappointed.
It pained Roxanne to have to put a distance between herself and the little girl, but she had to do so.
Realizing she had overlooked something, Roxanne looked behind Estella, and true enough, she saw Lucian walking toward them.
Dressed in an expensive tailored suit, Lucian strode regally in her direction, his gaze fixed intently on Estella and her.
Roxanne quickly looked away when her eyes met Lucian's. She grabbed her boys' hands and turned to walk into the school compound.
Although she knew she would have to work with Lucian and Estella due to their collaboration in the play, she wanted to delay their interactions as long as possible.
"Hello, Mr. Farwell!" Roxanne heard Pippa greet Lucian respectfully as she hurried past the gate. She was too slow as Lucian had already caught up with them. Lucian gave Pippa a small nod in acknowledgment. Then his gaze swiftly swept to Roxanne, who was back facing him and walking away in a hurry.
Roxanne had a prickling feeling on her back and could sense he was looking at her.
"It has been a long time, Ms. Jarvis," Lucian greeted her as he walked to her side, Estella in tow.
Roxanne's heart skipped a beat when she heard his voice. Scenes of them parting unhappily after their last meeting juxtaposed with the kissing scene in Sleeping Beauty and flashed in her mind. She got flustered and did not know how to face him. 
###Chapter 500
"Ms. Jarvis." Estella spoke, gingerly tugging on Roxanne's outfit.
Roxanne dropped her gaze and saw the little girl piteously looking at her with her big round eyes. She seemed to be asking why Roxanne was ignoring her.
Roxame was ruffled by her puppy-dog eyes, but she could only return a forced smile.
Lucian noticed her uneasiness with Estella. His brows furrowed, but he quickly hid his emotions and said, "We are counting on your support to make the play a success, Ms. Jarvis. This will be the kids' first performance, so I hope you can set aside your personal feelings for the benefit of the kids."
Roxanne's expression froze. Her heart was in turmoil, but she put on a nonchalant front. She casually nodded her head and replied, "Don't worry. I will."
As his gaze swept past her face, he could see she had pursed her lips and looked indifferent. Very obviously, she had no intention of engaging with him.
Lucian lowered his gaze and exchanged a knowing look with Estella.
The little girl got the hint, moved over, and clung to Roxanne, asking, "Are you still very busy, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne could not bear to ignore the little girl anymore. She hesitated for a moment, then replied, "Yes, I'm still busy. But since we promised to take part in the anniversary celebration, I'll make time to join you in your rehearsals."
Estella's eyes instantly lit up when she heard that, joy written all over her face.
Roxanne noticed the change in Estella, and her heart melted. She could no longer behave coldly toward the little girl.
On the way to the classroom, Estella chattered with Roxanne, who entertained her tenderly.
As they stepped into the classroom, Roxanne felt all eyes were on them.
A bewildered Roxanne stopped in her tracks, turned to Archie and Benny, and asked, "Are we in the wrong classroom?" The boys shook their heads and said, "No. This is our classroom."
Roxanne nodded, then looked up and saw that the other parents were giving her a weird look. She was puzzled.
She had met those parents before, so she could not understand the hint of jealousy she detected in the air,
"It has been a while, Ms. Jarvis." Roxanne was trying to convince herself to ignore the unwelcome attention when a lady came up to her and greeted her.
She was taken aback. It was the mother of one of her boys' classmates. She had met that lady at the class outing to the botanic garden the last time, although she did not recall talking to her. Later, Roxanne found out that lady was Cassandra Clark.
Cassandra sneaked a look at the man behind Roxanne, then moved in and cozied to
her.
Taken aback, Roxanne subconsciously stepped back and found herself knocking onto a muscular chest, losing her balance.
Immediately, a hand reached out and held onto her by her waist to steady her.
Suddenly, the whole classroom turned eerily silent, and Roxanne could tell all attention was on her.
After a brief daze, she quickly realized what had happened. She stumbled out of Lucian's arm, grabbed Archie and Benny by their hands, and stepped away from Lucian. At that moment, she wished the ground would open up and swallow her.
She tried all ways and means to keep her distance from Lucian, yet he publicly made such an intimate gesture for all to see.
Roxanne's heart was still pounding wildly, and she had not noticed Cassandra walking up to her.
"From the looks of it, Ms. Jarvis is really close to Mr. Farwell." Cassandra looked at Roxanne from head to toe with an enigmatic expression. 
###Chapter 501
Roxanne immediately refuted that, "I think you got it wrong. We're mere acquaintances and are not close."
Cassandra raised an eyebrow and decided to try her luck. "In that case, can we switch our groupings for the play?" she asked, harboring hope that Roxanne would say yes and she could partner with Lucian instead.
Although she hoped to hook up with Lucian, even if she failed, she would still be happy to have a hunk like Lucian as her prince in the play.
Roxanne was excited by Cassandra's proposal. However, recalling Jeffrey's words, she had her doubts. "Can we still make a switch now?" she asked, looking uncertain.
Cassandra could tell Roxanne was agreeable, so she nodded her head excitedly and said, "So long as we're both agreeable, I don't see why not. All we have to do is inform Ms. Ward about our decision.' Roxanne was hopeful and nodded in agreement.
Jeffrey could not accommodate her request for a switch earlier as he would have difficulty coordinating the change with other parents. However, since Cassandra initiated the switch and both of them were agreeable, she did not think Jeffrey and Pippa had any reasons to .
After reaching a consensus with Cassandra, the two ladies went back to their own seats. They planned to inform Pippa of their agreement later.
Archie and Benny led Roxanne to their seats, and her jaws dropped when she saw where their seats were.
She had no idea the boys were seated next to Estella.
That meant she had to take a seat next to Lucian!
"Mommy..." The boys gingerly nudged her when they saw her dazed and rooted to the spot, with no intention of sitting down.
Roxanne snapped out of her shock, gave the boys a forced smile, and sat down awkwardly, her body tensed.
"I see Ms. Jarvis is really popular. Didn't know you're so chummy with the other parents..." Lucian sarcastically said.
Roxanne frowned slightly, puzzled by his mocking. She turned toward him and saw him looking stoníly at Cassandra,
Cassandra noticed his gaze was on her, and she blushed.
Lucian furrowed his brow in disdain and looked away.
Roxanne gave him a wry smile and said, "If you are referring to that lady, then it is all thanks to you, Mr. Farwell."
Lucian's gaze darkened upon hearing her rebuke. He knew she would not bother to explain even if he asked, so he left it as it was.
At that moment, Pippa came into the classroom with a parent who arrived late. After settling everyone down, she did a headcount and was pleased to see a full attendance. She smiled and said, "Since everyone is here, let's begin our discussion on the scripts for the plays."
Before the discussion could commence, Roxanne hurriedly stood up and said, "Ms. Ward, Ms. Clark and I would like to switch groups."
Everyone was dumbfounded. They could not understand why she would give up on a terrific partner like Lucian and request to switch.
Pippa looked toward Lucian, hoping to get a hint of his opinion on that matter.
Lucian was frowning, and there was indignation in his eyes.
Estella, on the other hand, was anguished.
Pippa understood how Lucian felt, and she was put in a difficult position. She turned to Roxanne and tried to change her mind. "Ms. Jarvis, the groups had been finalized. Moreover, Archie and Benny got along well with Estella, so..."
Roxanne was a little swayed, but she hardened her heart and insisted, "I've discussed with Ms. Clark, and she's agreeable."
Pippa was caught in the middle. She could not find a reason to refuse Roxanne's request, but at the same time, she was also wary of Lucian's reaction. 
###Chapter 502
When Estella heard that Roxanne wanted to switch to another group for the play, she pouted in distress and looked to her daddy for help.
Lucian appeared emotionless, but his mouth was tensely shut. Although he did not say anything, it was obvious he was pissed.
Before he made his way to the kindergarten that morning, he told himself he would avoid getting into a disagreement with Roxanne. However, when he saw she was adamant about switching groups with Cassandra, he couldn't help but get furious.
Estella suddenly recalled what Lucian had told her the night before. He had told her he would need her help to mend their relationship with Roxanne. .
She turned her gaze from Lucian and looked toward Roxanne. She was sniffling as she looked piteously at Roxanne, and tears were brimming in her reddened eyes.
Her loud sniffling was very conspicuous in the noiseless classroom, and everyone turned to look at her and Roxanne.
"I want Archie and Benny!" Estella cried out, pouting and heaving as she tried to control her tears.
Everyone felt sorry for her and turned to look disapprovingly at Roxanne.
"She's so blessed to be grouped with Mr. Farwell. Many of us would fight for that chance, and yet she wanted to switch. What's wrong with her?"
"The kids got along so well with one another, but she insisted on breaking them apart. Can't she spare a thought for the kids?"
The other parents started whispering in hushed tones at the unexpected turn of the event.
Roxanne was not oblivious to Estella's anguish and the accusations from the other parents.
For a moment, she nearly decided to take back her word after seeing how sad Estella was. However, she managed to steel herself, look away, and say, "Ms. Ward, if you have no ions, Ms. Clark and I wil confirm the switch."
"Mommy.." Benny anxiously tugged at her sleeve and pleaded.
Initially, the boys had no issues with Roxanne's request for the switch. They reckoned Estella would still be able to see their mom anyway, even if they were in different groups.
However, Estella's tears pained them, and they didn't want Roxanne to switch to another group anymore.
There was a visible sense of helplessness in Roxanne as she looked at her boys.
Estella wailed sorrowfully when she heard Roxanne insisting on the switch. She wanted to go to Roxanne, but Lucian held her back.
Pippa was at a loss, caught between the tearful little girl and an adamant Roxanne. "Ms. Jarvis, as you can see, Estella will only do well with your boys..." she voiced.
Roxanne looked away from Estella and tried to block her cries from her mind.
She was keenly aware that Sonya knew about the anniversary celebration. She trembled at the thought of the consequence if Sonya was to find out that she was going to act in a love story with Lucian and Estella.
She didn't want Sonya to jeopardize her hard-earned opportunity to work with the Damaris family.
Lucian threw a glance in Roxanne's direction.
When he realized she was not going to change her mind, a displeased look flashed across his face.
He stood up and announced, "I have no issue with the switch since Ms. Jarvis is reluctant to partner with us and insists on that. However, as you can see, Essie will suffer if she cannot be in a group with Archie and Benny. As such, I seek your understanding that we'll have no choice but to withdraw from this year's performance."
Emotionlessly, he gave a slight bow in apology and strode out of the classroom with a reluctant Estella.
Estella was hyperventilating from the weeping and struggling violently against Lucian.
It was a heart-rending sight, and all the parents turned shockingly toward Roxanne, hoping she would step up to salvage the situation. 
###Chapter 503
Upon seeing Estella crying her eyes out and Lucian leaving all of a sudden, Roxanne clenched her fists so tightly that her nails dug into her palms. "Ms. Jarvis..." Even Pippa was trying to speak up for Estella.
Cassandra quickly got up and said anxiously, "I'm sorry, Ms. Jarvis, but I won't be changing teams anymore. You should go calm Essie down!" Her eyes were filled with fear.
All I wanted was a chance to get closer to Lucian, but the arrangement ended up making Estella cry instead! If the Farwell family decides to pursue this matter, I'll definitely be blamed for it! Eventually, Roxanne clenched her teeth and lowered her gaze as she gave in to the pressure. She then walked up to Estella and said, "Stop crying, Essie. I won't change teams anymore, okay?"
Estella was crying so hard that she couldn't stop sobbing as she looked up at Roxanne.
Roxanne felt her heart ache when she saw Estella's face all covered in snot and tears.
As she reached out to help wipe those tears, Estella simply stood there obediently and let her do it.
Roxanne was still trying to think of a way to calm Estella down when Lucian's voice rang out from behind her. "You don't have to force yourself if you don't want to do this, Ms. Jarvis. Essie practically never attends class activities like this anyway."
Roxanne's feelings of guilt intensified even further after hearing that.
I want Essie to get better. She's finally starting to adapt to being around her classmates, and yet, she got so upset because of me...
With that in mind, Roxanne caressed Estella's chubby cheeks as she said, "I'm sorry, Essie. I take back what I said earlier, okay?"
Estella nodded and let go of Lucian's hand before throwing herself into Roxanne's embrace.
Roxanne felt her heart soften up even further when she held Estella in her arms.
"Now that the grouping issue has been resolved, let us start discussing the change in the plot!" Pippa suggested while breathing a sigh of relief.
Everyone agreed and began discussing among themselves.
Roxanne stood up and led Estella back toward her seat.
Archie and Benny, who were sharing a chair, quickly got up and let Estella have it when they saw her coming.
Estella smiled at them with her nose still red as she sat down next to Roxanne.
Roxanne had a conflicted feeling in her heart as she watched Pippa, hoping that they could change the plot for Sleeping Beauty.
"As you may have noticed, we have chosen fairy tales with different themes for this activity. The reason we chose these fairy tales was to help the kids understand the different relationships between people," Pippa explained with a friendly smile.
She then glanced at Roxanne and Lucian as she added, "Romantic relationships are no exception."
Roxanne felt her heart sink a little when she heard that.
"As such, we do not plan on making any changes to the plots of these fairy tales. Is there any parent who s to this decision?"
Naturally, no one else had any ions.
Roxanne was the only one with an awkward look on her face.
If they don't change the plot, then Lucian and I will have to share a kiss at the end of the story!
She instinctively glanced at Lucian at the thought of that, only to meet his unfathomable gaze at the same time.
The two of them locked eyes for a few seconds before Roxanne averted her gaze and tried to look natural. 
###Chapter 504
Just like that, the meeting came to an end after a brief discussion.
Pippa stood at the classroom door and waved goodbye at the parents as they left.
Roxanne walked up to her with a concerned expression and asked, "Ms. Ward, are you sure you don't want to change the plot for Sleeping Beauty? I don't know if it's appropriate for children to witness that final scene..."
Pippa flashed her a reassuring smile as she replied, "Don't worry, Ms. Jarvis. The kids already know about this sort of thing. Besides, you're not really going to kiss in front of them. You'll be positioning yourselves to look like you're kissing."
Pippa then looked behind her and asked, "I'm sure you'll offer your full cooperation, right, Mr. Farwell?"
Roxanne tensed up when she heard that.
"Of course," Lucian replied, his voice sounding like he was whispering right next to her ear.
Roxanne lowered her gaze and stepped aside before turning around to look at him.
"Don't worry, Ms. Jarvis. I'm not the kind of guy who would take advantage of others. Besides, you and I are both parents. There's no way we'd be doing anything inappropriate," Lucian said with a cold look on his face.
"Relax, Ms. Jarvis. It'll just be a bunch of kids watching the play," Pippa added.
Unsure of what to say, Roxanne nodded with a forced smile. "Thank you for what you did earlier."
"No need to thank me. I was just doing my job!" Pippa replied casually with a chuckle.
Roxanne then had a brief chat with her before leaving.
She was about to open her car door when she heard Lucian's voice coming from behind her again
"Since you've agreed to work with me, you're not going to bring your personal emotions into the play, right, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne turned around and nodded calmly. "You may rest assured that I'll give the kindergarten my full cooperation, Mr. Farwell." She deliberately emphasized that she was only going along with the play as it was part of the kindergarten's activities.
The look in Lucian's eyes turned gloomy when he heard that. "That's good to hear. I hope we will be able to work well together." Roxanne fcit a little uneasy as she nodded in response.
Knowing this guy, he's not going to let me leave so easily. Fortunately, I've already prepared an excuse for myself
To her surprise, Lucian turned around and got into his car without saying a word.
Roxanne froze in shock when she saw him start the car and drive off..
"Ms. Jarvis," Cassandra called out to her.
Roxanne snapped out of her daze and turned around.
"I'm sorry for putting you in a tough spot earlier. I didn't know Mr. Farwell's daughter was so close with your kids," Cassandra said apologetically as she made her way over.
Roxanne flashed her a faint smile in response. "It's all right. I agreed to change teams too."
Feeling slightly relieved after hearing that, Cassandra asked, "W-What about Mr. Farwell?'
Both of them knew full well what she was implying.
Cassandra was the one who suggested the team change, so she was afraid that Lucian would get mad and come after her.
As such, she wanted Roxanne to help talk Lucian out of doing so.
Roxanne was a little hesitant when she recalled Lucian's cold expression from earlier. "I don't think you have to worry about it. After all, the issue has been resolved, and Mr. Farwell isn't that petly of a person." However, Cassandra was still staring at her with a fearful and pleading look in her eyes,
Eventually, Roxanne had no choice but to agree to her request. "All right, I promise I'll explain it to him properly."
"Thank you very much! Just let me know if you ever need my help with anything, okay? I'll do my best to assist you!" Cassandra thanked her profusely while breathing
a sigh of relief
Roxanne simply pursed her lips and smiled without saying anything. 
###Chapter 505
The two kids were waiting for Roxanne by the time she got home that night.
They ran up to her and stared cautiously at her face the moment she came in through the door.
"What's the matter?" Roxanne asked with a confused frown.
Benny exchanged glances with Archie as he asked in his usual adorable voice, "Are you unhappy, Mommy?"
Roxanne felt confused. "What makes you say that?"
"You requested for a change in teams earlier at school, but it didn't happen..." Benny replied nervously with his lips pursed.
Roxanne felt a little stressed when she recalled the stage play that she would be in. "I'm not upset, Benny. Now, be a good boy and go get ready for dinner."
Still worried about her, the kids waited until she had taken her coat off before sitting down at the dining table.
Roxanne saw a mountain of food on her plate when she came back from washing her hands. Archie and Benny were still topping her plate up with food like worker ants feeding their queen.
"All right, that's enough. I'm not angry or anything, you two. I really do feel bad for Essie," she said with a chuckle as she ran forward to stop them.
Seeing as the kids were still a little unconvinced, Roxanne flashed them a reassuring smile as she put some of the food back. "I can't finish all of this by myself, you know?"
The kids stopped trying to top her plate up, but still glanced at her worriedly from time to time.
Not only did Roxanne fail to change teams, but Pippa had also stated that there would be no change in the plot of the stage play.
They knew how much Roxanne wanted to stay away from Lucian, so they were worried that she only agreed to attend the activity because of them.
Both Archie and Benny had spent the entire day blaming themselves for what had happened.
Oblivious to their thoughts, Roxanne simply continued having dinner with them as
usual.
After dinner, she was about to take them out for a walk when her phone started ringing
Benny quickly fetched her phone for her, but the look on his face changed when he saw the name on the caller ID.
Roxanne felt confused when she saw his sudden change in expression.
It wasn't until she saw Lucian's name on the screen that she understood his reaction.
Why would Lucian be calling me at this hour?
After hesitating for a bit, she answered the call and asked, "What is it, Mr. Farwell?"
Lucian's deep voice came on the other line. "The stage play takes place next week. When do you plan on rehearsing, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne felt her heart sink when she heard him mention the stage play.
Oh, right, I forgot we'll have to rehearse it. This means I'll be spending more time with Lucian...
"This is the first time our kids will be participating in a stage play, Ms. Jarvis. I'm sure you'd want it to be a smooth experience for them, right?" Lucian pressed on.
Naturally, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to deny that statement. "When do you wish to start rehearsing, Mr. Farwell? You're a lot busier than I am, so I'll try my best to accommodate your schedule instead," she said after a brief pause.
"We can start tomorrow after our kids get off school. We can do it at your place if you don't mind," Lucian replied.
It would be late at night by the time they finished rehearsing, so Lucian wanted to save Roxanne the trouble of rushing home with her kids.
Since there's no escaping the rehearsal, it doesn't matter where we do it.
With that in mind, Roxanne agreed to his arrangement. 
###Chapter 506
The next day, Roxanne was so busy working at the research institute that it was already seven in the evening when she got home.
Upon entering the house, she froze in surprise when she saw Lucian standing in the living room
I remember agreeing to rehearse the stage play after the kids got off school, but I didn't think he'd just let himself in without informing me beforehand...
"Mommy!" Archie and Benny called out to her excitedly when they realized she was home. They then gave Estella's hand a gentle tug, prompting her to turn around.
Estella had a disappointed expression on her face at first, but her eyes lit up the moment she saw Roxanne:
"Ms. Jarvis!" Estella shouted as she ran over and threw herself at Roxanne before Archie and Benny could. Suppressing her discomfort, Roxanne patted Estella on the head and asked, "When did you come over, Essie?"
"She came home together with us!" Archie and Benny replied before Estella could.
Noticing the frown on Roxanne's face, they continued explaining, "Essie really wanted to see you, so we let her come home with us, but she got a little unhappy because of how late you came home, Mommy.". Estella was so happy to see her that she didn't even hear what Archie and Benny were saying
Roxanne's heart softened up when she saw Estella staring at her like that. "I'm sorry to have kept you waiting because of work, Essie."
Estella shook her head.
She was happy as long as she got to see Roxanne.
She only got unhappy earlier because she thought Roxanne was avoiding her again.
After a few minutes of watching them have fun, Lucian made his way over to them with a blank look on his face.
The smile on Roxanne's face was frozen in place when she noticed him approaching. She then met his gaze with a distant look in her eyes. "Mr. Farwell."
Lucian nodded slightly and asked, "Essie came looking for you in a hurry right after school was over, so she hasn't eaten anything yet. Could you please prepare a set of utensils for her?". Naturally, Roxanne wouldn't refuse a request like that.
Feeling excited that Roxanne was going to let Estella join them for dinner, Archie and Benny grabbed Estella's hand and ran into the dining room.
Roxanne simply shook her head and smiled when she saw their reaction.
I've never seen them run toward the dining room so eagerly... They must be really happy, huh?
The smile on her face slowly vanished when she recalled that Lucian was still standing next to her.
Just like that, the living room fell into an awkward silence.
Even after she changed into her slippers, Lucian was still standing there with an emotionless look on his face.
Roxanne then glanced at the kids and nodded at him before making her way into the dining room.
The kids stopped playing when they saw her coming and just sat there staring at her.
Noticing that Archie and Benny had reserved a seat for her next to Estella, Roxanne sat down beside her. She then instinctively glanced at the living room and saw Lucian sitting on the couch all by himself. Because he had his side facing them, she couldn't get a clear view of his facial expression.
As if he had detected her gaze, Lucian turned his head and looked in her direction. 
###Chapter 507
Roxanne tensed up the moment their gazes met. She then retracted her gaze and tried to act like she was looking at something else in his direction.
"Hurry up and dig in. The food is getting cold," Lysa urged them with a smile.
Having been snapped out of her daze, Roxanne nodded absent-mindedly and began topping the kids' plates up with food.
Estella simply stared at her food and refused to eat it.
"What's wrong, Essie? Do you not like the food?" Roxanne asked in confusion.
I don't recall her being a picky eater, though...
Estella cautiously glanced at the living room before saying in an adorable voice, "Daddy..."
V
Roxanne's expression froze as she knew what Estella was going to say.
"Daddy hasn't eaten either. Can he join us?" Estella asked with an expectant look in her eyes.
Roxanne let out a helpless sigh when she heard that.
I figured Lucian probably hadn't eaten when I heard Estella had come over immediately after school. Since he was already here, I thought of inviting him to the table to show him the most basic of hospitality. However, he only asked if I could let Estella join us for dinner, so I couldn't really bring myself to invite him. Besides, he didn't seem like he wanted to join us anyway...
"Ms. Jarvis?" Estella tugged at her shirt sleeve.
Roxanne let out a silent sigh and patted her on the head as she said, "Sorry, I didn't know. I'll go invite your daddy right now."
She then turned toward Lysa and said, "Lysa, bring us another set of utensils."
Lysa nodded and went off to fetch the utensils from the kitchen while Roxanne made her way to the living room.
Lucian was scrolling through his phone on the couch when she walked up to him.
Unsure if he was genuinely unaware of her presence or deliberately waiting for her, Roxanne said, "Essie told me you haven't eaten."
Lucian then looked up at her and replied coldly, "Yeah."
What the heck is with that attitude of his? It's obvious that he was deliberately waiting for my invitation!
Roxanne thought to herself with a frustrated frown.
Since she had already initiated the conversation, she had no choice but to go through with it and asked reluctantly, "If you don't mind, how about joining us for dinner?"
Given how cold her tone was, anyone else would've known she was simply being polite and turned her invitation down.
Lucian, however, arched an eyebrow at her and said, "I don't mind at all, but I'm not sure if you would, Ms. Jarvis." Roxanne glared at him as she forced the words out of her mouth. "No, I don't..."
Lucian then put his phone away and got up from the couch. "In that case, I shall graciously accept your invitation."
Roxanne nodded and went back to the dining room.
As if his plan had worked perfectly, Lucian was smiling gleefully as he walked behind her.
While Roxanne was oblivious to his expression, Archie and Benny saw it clearly from the dining table and exchanged surprised glances in response.
Who would've thought Daddy was such a cunning guy? 
###Chapter 508
While having dinner, Roxanne realized Lysa had arranged for Lucian to be seated right in front of her.
As Lucian's gaze would fall upon her from time to time, Roxanne felt extremely uncomfortable throughout the entire meal.
After what seemed like forever, they were finally done having dinner. Lysa then cleaned up the table while Roxanne and the others headed over to the living room to rehearse the stage play.
Although they had yet to finalize the roles for the play, Lucian and Roxanne became obvious choices for the prince and princess due to the kissing scene..
The kids then stared blankly at Roxanne as they were unsure of the roles they should take up.
After going through the script, Roxanne gave it some thought before saying hesitantly, "Essie can play the role of the witch."
Estella nodded obediently in response.
"What about us, Mommy?" Archie and Benny asked in unison while staring at her excitedly.
They were curious as they didn't remember finding any roles in Sleeping Beauty that suited the two of them.
Roxanne paused briefly before replying with a chuckle, "Hmm... You two can be the fairies!"
Archie and Benny went wide-eyed with shock upon hearing that. What? But we're boys! How will we act as fairies?
Roxanne burst out laughing when she saw their reaction. "All right, let's change the story up a little. You two can act as e ess your blessings."
id of fairie
Archie and Benny breathed sighs of relief as they accepted their roles,
Having assigned the roles to the kids, Roxanne stood up and glanced at Lucian, who was standing beside her.
He simply stared coldly at her in response.
The smile on Roxanne's face slowly faded as she said, "It seems we will have to take
up extra roles for this play. Not only will we be playing as the prince and princess, but also as the king and queen.”
Lucian nodded in agreement without any hesitation, much to Roxanne's relief.
"This is the script. Take a look at your lines and try to memorize them as best you can," she said while handing the kids her phone.
The kids then huddled together as they read through the script on the phone.
Roxanne turned to look at Lucian and said, "We should go through the script as well. Could you search one up on your phone, Mr. Farwell?" Lucian whipped out his phone and searched for a script on the spot.
As Roxanne leaned in closer to read the script, the two of them were so near to each other that they could hear each other breathing.
Despite Roxanne's best efforts at staying focused on the script, she found herself getting distracted by him a lot. Lucian, on the other hand, was completely calm and focused as he went through the script. Roxanne was blushing so hard that she barely remembered anything even after going through the entire script.
She was snapped out of her dazed state when Lucian's voice rang in her ears. "Do you want to read it again?”
Roxanne shook her head and stepped away from him as she blurted, "No, I'm good. You can go through it again if you need to, Mr. Farwell."
Lucian arched an eyebrow at her in amusement when he saw her reddened face.
Good thing I've already gone through the script a few times before. Also, I don't really have many lines since my character will be sleeping for the most part.
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief at the thought of that.
"We're done, Mommy! Can we start rehearsing now?" the kids asked excitedly after finishing their script.
Roxanne nodded absent-mindedly and instinctively glanced at Lucian in response.
Having detected her gaze, Lucian put his phone away and nodded at her in response, indicating that he was ready as well. 
###Chapter 509
Playing the part of the king, Lucian welcomed Archie and Benny by saying, "Welcome to the party, you adorable elves!"
Although he had gotten his lines correct, his tone sounded so cold that it didn't match the mood at all.
As a result, Archie and Benny found themselves unable to get into character.
Roxanne shot Lucian a helpless look and said, "This is a fairy tale meant for children, Mr. Farwell. You'll scare the kids off like that."
Unsure of what she meant, Lucian simply frowned at her in confusion. ?
"You need to put more emotion into your lines. We just had a baby, so you should be more happy about it," Roxanne explained.
Those words had barely left her mouth when she realized how wrong that sounded. "The king and queen are having a celebration for their princess, but you don't sound like you're celebrating at all!" she quickly explained with her face all red.
Lucian frowned and stared at her in silence.
"Try to recall how you felt when Essie was born," Roxanne reminded him patiently.
The look in Lucian's eyes turned slightly gloomy as he glanced at Estella.
Her condition was terrible when I got her, so I felt nothing but anger and heartache. There was no excitement whatsoever...
With that in mind, he stared at Roxanne and wondered how she felt when she gave birth to Estella back then.
Thinking he still didn't understand what she meant, Roxanne tried to give him some more guidance. "How did you talk to your employees at Farwell Group during company parties?" "Just like that," Lucian replied with a straight face.
"In that case, I'll say this line instead. You..."
Roxanne had wanted to tell Lucian to avoid speaking if possible but held herself back when she recalled that he would have lots of lines as the prince.
Lucian arched an eyebrow at her in confusion.
Roxanne let out an awkward chuckle in response. "Never mind-let's just forget this part for now."
Lucian nodded without saying a word.
Roxanne then got into character and smiled at Archie and Benny as she continued, "Welcome to the party, you adorable elves!".
The two kids got into character as well and smiled back at her. "Thank you for the invitation, Your Majesty. Please allow us to give the princess our blessings!" Archie and Benny then danced about with their magic wands as they chanted a few magic words.
Roxanne was about to thank them when Estella entered the scene as the witch.
"You guys sure are bold!" she shouted while glaring at them.
Roxanne nearly burst out laughing when she saw how cute Estella looked. She then pretended to back away in fear, only to be pulled into Lucian's embrace. "Who are you?" he asked, showing some emotion this time.
Estella then replied with her lines according to the script.
Meanwhile, Roxanne's mind went blank as she froze up in Lucian's arms.
She was so shocked by his sudden hug that she forgot they were rehearsing and instinctively broke free from his grip.
Her response was so sudden that Estella stopped reciting her lines halfway through and stared at her in confusion. "What's wrong, Mommy?" Benny asked worriedly. 
###Chapter 510
It wasn't until she heard Benny's voice that Roxanne regained her senses and recalled that they were rehearsing.
As for Lucian's actions, it was needed by the script.
Realizing that fact, the apologetic Roxanne smiled at the children. "I'm sorry for spacing out. Please continue.”
After exchanging curious glances, the children obediently agreed.
Meanwhile, Lucian, who was looking at Roxanne, had an epiphany that brought a
grim expression to his face.
Feeling guilty to the extent of not daring to look in his direction, Roxanne naturally didn't notice the change in him.
As the rehearsal continued, they had to change their roles.
Roxanne, playing the princess after she was all grown up, did so with much aplomb.
It wasn't until the prince appeared while she was asleep that her frustrations began to build.
VV
Taking on the role of the prince, Lucian would either be too aloof or not angry enough when he faced Estella.
Naturally, his performance caused Roxanne to worry.
"Mr. Farwell, you'll scare the children this way."
"Mr. Farwell, you're facing a witch, not Essie. You have to look more fierce."
Lucian was speechless.
After a few rounds, the tired Estella gave her father a wry look, her face filled with annoyance.
Under his daughter's glare, Lucian couldn't resist feeling helpless about it.
Despite his desire to act well, he was hampered by his inherently calm temperament, making it difficult for him to express the right emotion.
Without saying a word, both father and daughter stood still and glared at each other.
Watching the scene, Roxanne couldn't help but feel amused.
Despite knowing Lucian for very long, this was the first time she saw him being bad at something
When she saw Estella on the brink of tears, Roxanne stroked her head with a smile. "Essie, why don't you take a break? I'll take over your role in the scene with your daddy." After nodding with a pitiful expression, Estella headed to where the brothers were, her head hanging low.
Roxanne subsequently took her place opposite Lucian.
When she saw the expression on Lucian's face, Roxanne, too, was exasperated. "Mr. Farwell, you're here to rescue someone, not kill them, so don't look so cold." Furrowing his brows, Lucian took her advice and tried to adjust his expression accordingly. Unfortunately, no matter how hard he tried, it just wouldn't come out right. Sighing softly, Roxanne reached out to press the corner of his lips. "Relax. Don't be so tense."
No sooner had she spoken than both of them froze.
Roxanne, with an awkward expression, retracted her hand and returned to her spot.
As for Lucian, he maintained the smile that Roxanne had drawn on his lips. Despite that, his brows were knitted, making for a really weird sight.
When the three children saw Lucian and Roxanne's reactions, all of them were equally confounded.
After a moment of deathly silence, Roxanne was the first to regain her composure. Checking the time as if nothing had happened, she smiled at the children. "It's getting late. Since you have school tomorrow, that will be all for today."
Given how much intimacy had occurred between them during the entire period, Roxanne was too embarrassed to face Lucian anymore.
Fortunately, the children were cooperative and readily agreed with what she said.
When she didn't hear Lucian's answer after a while, Roxanne, steeling herself, looked up at him, "Mr. Farwell, let's continue next time."
Noticing the panic on her face and recalling the sensation of her touch, Lucian nodded as an unknown emotion flickered through his eyes. "All right."
Just as he spoke, he went to Estella's side to hold her hand,
Nonetheless, Estella gave Roxanne a reluctant look. "Ms. Jarvis, are we going to continue tomorrow?"
Estella wanted to see her every day.
In the end, Roxanne answered in a vague manner that indicated her agreement. 
###Chapter 511
Chapter 511 The next evening, Roxanne planned to leave work early to pick the children up from school.
It had been a long time since she did so as she had been trying to avoid Lucian. Now that meeting him was inevitable, there was no need to hide from him.
Holding that thought, Roxanne gave Lysa a call, letting the latter know that she would pick up the children herself.
Lysa agreed at once.
Upon ending the call, Roxanne threw herself back into work.
Even though the Damaris family's research institute was still in the planning stage, a lot of details still needed to be confirmed with Roxanne's research institute. Furthermore, Roxanne, not wanting to disappoint the Damaris family, had to make sure that her preparations were comprehensive enough.
Meanwhile, Colby had finished his work in the research facility and came over to provide her with a progress report. The moment he stepped in, he sat quietly opposite her when he saw how engrossed she was in work, hoping to speak to her when she was done.
It wasn't until a long while later that Roxanne shifted her attention away from the screen. At the sight of Colby, she was stunned. "Dr. Galloway, why are you here? When did you come in?"
Colby grinned. "I just got here. Since you were busy, I didn't want to disrupt your work."
Roxanne gave him a slight nod. "What is it? How are things at the research facility?"
Colby replied, "I was just going to talk to you about it. The projects over the last few days have been going smoothly. Therefore, you can prepare for our collaboration with the Damaris family without worry." Colby had barely finished when he added in admiration, "Everyone in the research institute is talking about the upcoming collaboration. They are looking forward to it and feel grateful to you for securing such an opportunity."
Roxanne got up to pour him some coffee before smiling humbly at his words. "The credit for securing the collaboration goes to everyone here. After all, they are the ones who have kept this place running. Regardless of how smart I am, there's no way the Damaris family chose to work with us solely on my account."
Roxanne was certain that the Damaris family had conducted a thorough background check on their research institute before choosing them as their partner.
After thanking her upon receiving his drink, Colby inquired about the progress of her preparations. "How are things coming along at your end?"
Roxanne casually turned her screen around in order to show him.
Even though the collaboration details had been decided, the Damaris family's research institute wasn't on track yet. Thus, Roxanne could only spend the last few days identifying the direction of the family's research and reading up on the latest information in an effort to prepare ahead of time.
After going through it, Colby knitted his brows. "This is a field that our research institute has not explored before. Thus, I'm not sure if we can meet the Damaris family's expectations."
Roxanne curled her lips into a smile. "That's the reason why I'm preparing for it as much as possible. Furthermore, if the collaboration goes well, our research institute will be able to expand the fields that we're involved in, which will be extremely beneficial to our future development."
Colby responded with a thoughtful nod. "I understand. I'll make sure everyone is well prepared."
In the midst of their discussion, there was a sudden knock on the door.
When Roxanne opened it, she saw one of the researchers, dressed in a lab coat, standing at the door.
When he saw Roxanne, the man reported awkwardly, "Dr. Jarvis, excuse me for troubling you before you leave, but we have encountered a problem with our experiment. Can you help us take a look at it?"| Roxanne agreed without hesitation while Colby, too, followed them back to the research facility. 
###Chapter 512
Meanwhile, class had ended at the kindergarten. With most of the students gone, only the three children were left waiting at the school field.
They were in a particularly good mood as they were looking forward to the rehearsal later
While Archie and Benny would chat occasionally, Estella sat obediently by the side with a smile on her adorable face.
"Why isn't Ms. Lane here yet?" Benny began to grow curious when he noticed the sky turning dark.
Ms. Lane has always arrived early, so why is she late today?
Despite furrowing his brows, Archie reassured his brother, "Perhaps she's occupied with something. Let's just wait for a while longer."
At that moment, Lucian strode through the kindergarten entrance and was greeted by the sight of the three children sitting in a row.
"Daddy!" Estella, the first to see him, waved at Lucian.
After hurrying up to her, Lucian knitted his brows while staring at the brothers.
Over the last few days, Lysa had been picking up the boys since Roxanne was avoiding Lucian. Thus, they were usually gone by the time he arrived.
What's going on today?
"Where's Ms. Lane?" Lucian asked in a gentle tone.
Propping their chins up with a hand, the boys were equally clueless. "We don't know."
"Archie says that Ms. Lane might be busy," Benny explained in his squeaky voice.
Frowning, Lucian checked the time and suggested, "I'll send you home."
The boys exchanged a glance.
Even though Benny was tempted, Archie shook his head with an expressionless face. The look in his eyes was just as distant as Roxanne's. "You don't have to. We'll just wait for Ms. Lane. Otherwise, she'll worry if she doesn't see us here."
Lucian replied at once, "I'll give your mommy a call and tell her to inform Ms. Lane."
With the boys still appearing reluctant, Luciani added, "I'm going to send Essie over to your house for the rehearsal anyway."
Estella, too, urged them, "Let's go together. Daddy will let Ms. Lane know. Since it's already late, let's leave quickly!"
As she spoke, she tugged the boys' bags with a look of anticipation.
However, the brothers merely hugged their bags tighter. Their resentment for Lucian couldn't be any more obvious.
Estella then turned around to look to her father for help.
After giving her head a reassuring stroke, Lucian returned his attention to the boys who were sitting on the bench. "If you continue to wait here, Ms. Ward will also have to wait with you. Have you thought about that?"
At that, Pippa's first reaction was to say that it was fine. However, the look on Lucian's face caused her to swallow her words in fear. Instead, she wore an awkward expression in front of the children
The brothers stared at their teacher before thinking about their mother. Identical conflicted expressions dominated their faces.
At that moment, Estella rubbed her stomach pitifully with a pout. "I'm hungry."
Lucian raised his brows slightly. "We'll have to wait for the brothers."
Upon hearing his words, the boys finally got off the bench with their bags and trudged up to Lucian's side.
After motioning for Estella to hold the brothers' hands, Lucian took his leave from Pippa before leading them out of the kindergarten.
Once all of them got into the car, Lucian started the engine and drove toward Roxanne's home.
Since the three children were sitting at the back, Estella would occasionally speak to the boys. Before long, all of them dropped their guard and began to play in the back.
The sound of the children arguing caused Lucian's expression to soften slightly, and there was even a hint of amusement in his eyes. 
###Chapter 513
By the time Roxanne came out of the research facility, it was already past seven in the cvening
Checking the time, she felt as if she had forgotten something.
In the midst of her trying to recall what it was, she received a call from Lysa, which she picked up with a frown.
"Ms. Jarvis, are you on your way?" Lysa's voice rang out the moment she answered.
Her words had Roxanne instantly thinking of the boys. She replied at once, "I forgot about them! I'm heading over right away!"
Ending the call in a hurry, she sped toward the kindergarten.
Upon her arrival, she was greeted by the closed gate at its entrance. Evidently, the brothers were no longer inside. Overwhelmed by panic, Roxanne froze momentarily before it occurred to her to give Pippa a call.
"Mr. Farwell has picked Archie and Benny up. Didn't he inform you about it?" Pippa asked curiously.
Lucian picked them up...
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief. After thanking Pippa, she ended the call with mixed emotions.
While staring at the empty kindergarten, she was filled with guilt and self-blame.
She had grown so used to Lysa collecting the boys that she ended up allowing such an important matter to slip her mind. Luckily, Lucian was there.
Suddenly, her ringing phone jolted her out of her thoughts.
After getung a grip of herself, she glanced at the caller ID,
Seeing Lucian's name, she figured that it must be about the children.
Hence, she answered without hesitation,
"When are you coming back?" When Lucian's magnetic voice rang out, Roxanne was
stunned by his words.
It took her a few seconds to realize he was likely waiting at her house, as they were due to rehearse for the play.
It was just that his words drove her imagination wild, for he made it sound as if they were a family.
Suppressing the turbulent emotions within her, Roxanne plainly replied, "I'm on my way. Thanks for picking Archie and Benny up."
After grunting in acknowledgment, Lucian reminded casually, "Be careful while driving. The kids are playing, so there's nothing to worry about."
As another strange sensation crept into her heart, Roxanne mumbled a response before ending the call.
Lucian's tone just makes it all too easy for me to get carried away with my thoughts.
After lingering at the kindergarten entrance to calm her nerves, Roxanne departed for her mansion.
The moment she stepped into the house, she was greeted by the sight of Lucian working on the couch. The children were nowhere to be seen.
"Ms. Jarvis, what held you up tonight?" Lysa welcomed her with a concerned tone.
Roxanne, in an apologetic tone, explained, "I had wanted to go get them but was delayed by work."
After acknowledging her answer, Lysa threw Lucian a glance and added, "Luckily, they didn't have to wait as Mr. Farwell sent them home."
Just as Roxanne trailed Lysa's gaze, she saw Lucian wrapping up his work and approaching them after keeping his phone.
"Thank you." As Lucian came up to her, Roxanne averted her gaze and thanked him softly
Lucian, with a cursory nod, suggested in his deep voice, "Since you're back, you should have your dinner first as the children have been complaining about being hungry. Even though Lysa has already prepared dinner, they still insisted on waiting for you"
Roxanne's heart melted as she pursed her lips and nodded.
In response to her agreement, Lucian turned around and headed to the backyard.
Roxanne followed him, knowing that the children were likely there. 
###Chapter 514
In the brightly lit backyard, the boys were kicking a ball around while Estella, holding up her skirt, ambled behind them. Even though she didn't manage to get a kick in, she smiled widely the entire time.
"Mommy!" Benny, who had just kicked the ball in the direction of the door, was given a fright when he suddenly saw Roxanne emerge from the house.
The moment she stepped out, Roxanne was stunned to see the ball flying straight at her face.
Just when it was inches away from her, she felt a hand reach out from behind and pull her to the side.
In the next second, the ball brushed past her body before falling onto the ground.
As Lucian appeared from behind Roxanne, he looked at the dumbstruck children and instructed in a deep voice, "Come back in for dinner."
It wasn't until they gradually gathered their wits that they hurried up to Roxanne's side.
"Mommy, I'm sorry for scaring you. Are you all right?" Benny apologized meekly.
Roxanne gave his hair a reassuring tousle. "I'm fine, but you have to be more careful next time."
Just as she spoke, something else occurred to her. Giving Estella an amused yet helpless look, she reprimanded the brothers, "How could you play ball with Essie? She's wearing a dress, for goodness sake. What if she had fallen?"
Having heard Roxanne's words, the boys exchanged glances before scratching their noses to hide their guilt. Suddenly, Estella's high-pitched voice rang out. "They didn't ask me. It was I who wanted to play with them."
Roxanne's brows jumped in surprise, for she didn't expect Estella to speak out on behalf of the brothers.
Nonetheless, it was still dangerous for her to be running wild with the boys while wearing a dress. On top of that, she barely had any energy left given how hungry she was.
It was one thing for the children to be playful but another for Lucian not to stop them.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne subconsciously threw Lucian an accusatory glance,
As if he could sense the attention she placed on him, Lucian explained without turning around, "Essie rarely gets the opportunity to run. Since she's having fun, there's no reason to stop her." Roxanne had no further comment after hearing his response. She then took the children to wash their hands before leading them into the dining room.
As the food had already gotten cold, Lysa reheated them.
Considering how famished they were, the boys began wolfing down their food once everyone took their seats at the table.
The innocent Estella, after observing them, picked up her cutlery and ate just as aggressively
Watching the scene unfold, Roxanne just couldn't hold back her laughter. She then patted her boys on their backs. "Slow down. You're setting a bad example for Essie."
After giving Estella a glance, the boys burst out in laughter before complying.
"Mommy, why did you come back so late today?" Benny asked curiously halfway through dinner.
She gave his head an apologetic tussle. "I'm sorry. I did plan to pick you up today and even told Lysa about it. Unfortunately, something unexpected came up at work, causing me to forget." Upon hearing her reason, the boys gave her an understanding nod. "It's all right. However, the next time you want to pick us up, please let us know. Otherwise, we'll worry about Ms. Lane." Feeling as if her heart had melted, Roxanne agreed with a smile.
At that moment, Benny added, "To make up for letting us wait for such a long time, why don't you pick us up every day from now on? How about that?" 
###Chapter 515
Roxanne's brows furrowed in reflex. Right as she was about to say something, Benny, as if he could read her mind, changed his request. "You don't have to do it every day; just until the anniversary celebration will do."
In response to Benny backing down, Roxanne sighed in relief and agreed, "All right."
Her answer filled the children's faces with elation.
Meanwhile, displeasure flashed across Lucian's face when he noticed Benny wavering in his stance
He was cognizant of why Benny did it and the reason why Roxanne could readily agree.
Since they were going to be rehearsing for the play, there was no point in her avoiding him for the time being.
Once the anniversary celebration was over, she would then stay as far away from him as she could
Given that Roxanne had come back late, it was already well past eight by the time dinner was done. With limited time left, they could only rush through the rehearsal before it was time for Lucian to take Estella home.
When she was reluctant to leave, Roxanne coaxed her with a smile, "Be a good girl, Essie. I'll be collecting all of you from school tomorrow, and we can have fun then, all right?"
Only after hearing Roxanne's reassurances did Estella nod in compliance.
Just as Roxanne looked up to bid Lucian goodbye, his phone suddenly rang.
Holding her tongue tactfully, she watched as Lucian answered the call with an emotionless expression.
As it was related to work, Lucian stopped to inform Roxanne before heading off to the balcony to take it, leaving her alone with the three children in the living room,
When the kids saw Lucian going off to answer his call, their eyes lit up at the opportunity to play,
Thus, the three of them ran off before Roxanne could even say a word.
Roxanne, smiling in resignation, went along by playing hide and seek with them.
As their house wasn't big, Archie and Benny would always end up hiding in the same few places. Once Roxanne found them with little effort, the three of them set off in search of Estella "Mommy." Benny gave Roxanne's sleeve a gentle tug.
Trailing the trajectory of his gaze, Roxanne saw a dainty pair of legs underneath the curtain. In fact, it was still trying to wiggle its way toward the corner. Unaware that she had been discovered and clueless about how obvious her hiding spot was, Estella was still trying to get into a better location.
After watching Estella's adorable movements, Roxanne instinctively looked at the man on the balcony.
Lucian, with his back facing them, was still on the phone. Looks like it will be a while before he finishes.
Retracting her gaze, Roxanne gestured at Archie and Benny to be quiet so that they could continue the game with Estella for a little longer.
The boys, aware of their mother's intention, played along by calling out Estella's name while walking back and forth in the house.
As the figure behind the curtain moved a little, Roxanne could hear the sound of a faint giggle. Nonetheless, it was quickly suppressed by Estella.
When she saw how happy the little girl was, Roxanne treaded silently toward her.
"I found you!" Upon reaching Estella's side, she gently pulled the curtain away.
Estella was momentarily stunned before running away and laughing at the same time.
Tickled by Estella's response, Roxanne calmly followed behind her. "I'm going to Catch you now!"
At that moment, Archie and Benny joined in the fray by surrounding Estella.
Left with no way out, Estella fled toward the balcony in her panic,
Meanwhile, Lucian had just ended his call and was oblivious to what was going on, No sooner had he turned around than he saw his daughter crashing into him while panting heavily. As if by instinct, he managed to get a hold of her, 
###Chapter 516
At the sight of Estella throwing herself into Lucian's arms, Roxanne stopped awkwardly and held back the two boys running behind her.
"Daddy!" Unaware of the change in Roxanne's mood, Estella tugged ecstatically at Lucian's sleeve. "Let's play hide and seek for a while before going home!"
Lowering his head to gaze at Estella, Lucian then shifted his attention to Roxanne with an indiscernible look in his eyes.
When she met his gaze, Roxanne felt a sudden sense of guilt.
She had just reprimanded the brothers for running wildly with Estella. But now, she was the one doing it instead.
After an awkward silence, Lucian remarked in a deep voice, "It's getting late. I'll be taking Essie home now."
He had barely finished when he turned toward Estella and said, "We have to go now, but we'll come back again tomorrow."
Despite puffing her cheeks up to express her unwillingness, Estella recognized that she had had a lot of fun that evening already. After a brief hesitation, she demonstrated her acquiescence by holding her father's hand.
When she reached the mansion's door with Lucian, Estella turned around and waved at Roxanne with a reluctant expression. "Bye, Ms. Jarvis. Bye, Archie, Benny."
Roxanne, too, bid the little girl farewell. "See you tomorrow."
All of a sudden, Lucian looked down at Estella and surprised everyone with his next words. "Let's go. We'll play hide and seek again with Ms. Jarvis tomorrow."
The mere mention of the game caused Estella to smile so happily that her eyes couldn't be seen.
As for Roxanne, the sound of Lucian's voice caused her to blush faintly.
After watching his car disappear into the distance, Roxanne led the boys back into the mansion,
The next evening, she went to school to pick them up just as she promised.
When she arrived at the kindergarten entrance, she saw the three of them standing in front of Pippa Unable to hear the exchange between them, all she could see was Estella bursting into gleeful laughter. Upon her arrival, the children looked at her in unison, their faces glowing with joy.
The heartwarming sight melted Roxanne's heart as she hurried over to their side.
"Mommy!"
"Ms. Jarvis!"
The children called out to her in their squeaky voices.
After giving their heads an affectionate pat each, Roxanne's attention fell on Estella. "Essie, is your daddy not here yet?"
Estella nodded, as Lucian would usually arrive later.
Pondering for a moment, Roxanne then suggested with a smile, "In that case, do you want to come home with me first?".
Estella nodded in agreement without giving it a second thought. In fact, she even reached out to hold Roxanne's sleeve of her own volition.
Roxanne then held Estella's hand before bidding goodbye to Pippa and herding the children into her car.
As the children climbed into the backseat obediently, they felt as if they had returned to the time when Estella was living with them. The only difference was that she could now interact with them normally, injecting further dynamism into their relationship.
Consequently, the car, filled with their excited voices, felt especially lively.
When Roxanne saw how they were fooling around in the backseat through the rearview mirror, a gentle smile emerged on her face. As she took her phone to give Lucian a call, it rang with a call from him instead.
Roxanne proceeded to answer.
"Are you picking Archie and Benny up today? I'm tied up with something right now. If you can, please bring Essie along to your place."
Lucian's deep voice rang out the moment she answered.
Even though his words were consistent with her intention, she had an indescribable feeling after hearing what he said. 
###Chapter 517
Meanwhile, before Roxanne had the opportunity to answer, Lucian furrowed his brows and added grimly, "If it's not convenient, I'll send Cayden over."
Regaining her senses, Roxanne calmed herself down and replied, "It's all right. Essie is already in my car. I was just about to give you a call to tell you." Her words cased the tension on his face. "Thanks for that. Anyway, I have to go off now."
Before Roxanne could even react, Lucian ended the call.
All she could hear was the call-end tone.
After spacing out for a few seconds, Roxanne put her phone aside. Nonetheless, Lucian's voice continued to reverberate in her mind.
She was unsure if she was overthinking it, but it felt as if he was warming up to her after spending the last two days rehearsing together.
In fact, she would sometimes be mired in the illusion that they were a family, and that was the exact sensation she felt a moment ago.
Unfortunately, the thought of Sonya alone caused her to snap back into reality.
"Mommy?" Curious as to why she hadn't yet driven off, the children checked on her.
Roxanne, gradually gathering her thoughts, mumbled a response before starting the drive back home.
By the time they arrived, the dinner Lysa prepared was already waiting for them.
When Lysa only saw the four of them, she was surprised. "Where's Mr. Farwell?"
Used to having dinner together with him over the last two days, Lysa felt out of sorts when she only saw Estella and not Lucian.
When she looked behind them to check, Lucian was still nowhere to be seen.
Lysa then gave Roxanne a quizzical look as if he was a member of their family.
Noucing Lysa's strange expression, Roxanne knitted her brows but quickly realized that the niggling sensation she felt wasn't imagined. At the same time, for some inexplicable reason, her mood plummeted. "le... is tied up with work."
Lysa nodded in acknowledgment. "In that case, should we wait for him, or shall we
start first?"
Roxanne fell into deep thought again.
Lysa's question sparked a glint in Estella's eyes as she turned around and gave Roxanne a pitiful look. "I want Daddy..."
She had barely spoken when she gave Roxanne's sleeve a gentle tug and whined, "Daddy doesn't eat when he's busy."
After hearing Estella's words, Roxanne had no choice but to nod at Lysa. "Let's wait for a while then."
Lysa bobbed her head in acknowledgment.
Roxanne, with conflicted emotions, ushered the children to wash their hands.
"Mommy, are we waiting for Mr. Farwell to have dinner together?" Benny asked while the water was running down his hands.
He had heard what Roxanne promised Estella but was also aware that she was trying to avoid Lucian.
In the end, Roxanne mumbled an affirmative.
Sensing his mother's reluctance, Benny tilted his head in confusion.
Since Mommy doesn't like Daddy, why did she agree to wait for him to have dinner?
Oblivious to what was going through Benny's mind, she waited for them to finish washing their hands before leading them out of the bathroom. It was then that they heard a knock on the door. Everyone could guess that Lucian had arrived.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne put on an aloof expression as she opened the door.
When she did, she was greeted by the sight of Lucian in a suit and a neatly tied tie. He looked as if he had just come out of a meeting and was still exuding an authoritative air.
Roxanne, after being briefly stunned by his appearance, stepped aside to make way. "Come in."
Lucian gave her a slight nod before brushing past her to enter the living room.
###Chapter 518
Chapter 518 "Daddy!"
At the sight of her father, Estella ran up to Lucian's side and pointed to the untouched food on the table. "You're finally here. All of us are famished!"
As Lucian followed the trajectory of Estella's gaze, he saw Archie and Benny at the dining table, looking at him while supporting their heads with one hand. Their eyes still reflected the resentment they felt for him.
As for the five sets of dinnerware on the table, they remained untouched.
Evidently, everyone was waiting for him to have dinner together.
Realizing that fact, Lucian felt a complex range of emotions as he glanced at Roxanne, who had just come up to his side.
When their eyes met, she briefly froze before explaining by reflex, "Estella wanted to wait for you."
Raising his brows slightly, Lucian looked down at his daughter, who nodded with a gleeful grin as if she was taking credit for it.
In response, Lucian stroked her head and apologized to Roxanne and the boys, "I'm sorry for holding you up. I didn't realize you were waiting for me to have dinner."
Roxanne pursed her lips. "It's no big deal. Now that you're here, let's dig in and then continue with our rehearsal."
After giving her a nod, Lucian washed his hands before taking a seat at the table opposite her.
When dinner was over, everyone began rehearsing.
After practicing a few times, Roxanne had come to accept Lucian's lack of talent in acting. Therefore, she simply went along with the flow.
As for the three children, their acting skills were better than she had expected. Initially, she was worried that they wouldn't even be fluent with their lines. However, they impressed her not just with their eloquence but also with their convincing expressions,
Once rehearsal was over, the confused Estella tilted her head as she stared at the two adults.
Noticing how she was looking at them, Roxanne crouched by her side. "Essie, what is
it? Is there a problem?"
Knitting her brows, Estella asked hesitantly, "Oh, Ms. Jarvis, does Sleeping Beauty sleep till the end? I remember..."
I remember that she was awoken by a kiss from the prince! However, the rehearsal always ends after the prince defeats the witch.
Roxanne didn't have to wait for Estella to finish her sentence before she understood what the girl was going to say. She interrupted with a smile, "Of course not."
A baffled look emerged on Estella's face. "But the rehearsal always stops here."
Having heard Estella's question, Archie and Benny came over, for they too were equally curious.
Faced with the children's confounded expressions, Roxanne furrowed her brows, at a sudden loss for words.
Even though Pippa had mentioned that they only needed to look like they were kissing and no physical contact was needed, Roxanne still wanted to avoid any intimacy with Lucian. As a result, she had been neglecting that last scene on purpose.
To be honest, she hadn't expected the children to notice.
Unable to find the words to explain, Roxanne turned to Lucian for help.
However, she saw a strange look on his face instead.
When his gaze met hers, his expression became indifferent once more. He then said something that disheartened her further.
"That's true. I, too, am curious about it. Ms. Jarvis, why do you always skip the last scene? Isn't that where the soul of the story lies?"
The children nodded in agreement.
Stumped, Roxanne took a while to regain her senses before walking to Lucian's side and whispering, "Ms. Ward said that we can just pretend to kiss without making contact."
"All the more reason why we should practice it." Lucian cocked his brows while giving her a thoughtful look. 
###Chapter 519
Having heard Lucian's words, the frowning Roxanne felt a strong sense of resistance within her
Lucian's deep voice rang out again. "If we don't rehearse it, please don't accuse me of taking advantage of you when I kiss you by mistake."
In that moment, Roxanne couldn't believe her ears.
Nevertheless, she did find the scenario Lucian had conjured up to be entirely possible.
"Besides, neither of us are actors by profession. If we don't practice, how would we know where we should stand to make the kiss realistic?" Lucian, who could sense her wavering, pressed on calmly, causing her to feel ambivalent about the matter.
She admitted that he had a point. However, given that the anniversary celebration was still a few days away, she would have to be in close proximity to him for consecutive days if they were to rehearse the
scene.
In the midst of her hesitation, Estella's squeaky voice piped up, "Why are we rehearsing everything but this scene?"
She proceeded to give Roxanne a quizzical yet innocent look.
When she saw the confusion in Estella's eyes, Roxanne sighed in resignation. "Fine. We'll run through it too."
After giving in, she threw Lucian a glance.
Nevertheless, all she saw was a detached expression, as if the comment he made was solely for the sake of the rehearsal.
Shifting her gaze away, Roxanne prayed that it was just her imagination that was running wild
Given that every scene before the kiss had been rehearsed multiple times, Roxanne had no choice but to jump right into the kissing scene.
The children subsequently led her to the couch, wanting her to lie down.
However, when Roxanne didn't move a muscle, Estella urged her, "Ms. Jarvis, lie down quickly!"
Roxanne looked at the children's excited faces and then at the waiting Lucian, still feeling torn over the matter.
It took her a while before she finally felt mentally prepared for it and lay down.
The children smartly made way for Lucian.
A few seconds passed before he walked over to the couch. Supporting himself with his hand on the back of the furniture, he leaned in to look at the woman lying on it.
Roxanne had shut her eyes, though there was a slight furrow between her brows. From the way her eyelashes trembled, she looked as if she was going to open her eyes at any moment.
At the sight of her nervousness, Lucian cocked a brow and sniggered quietly to himself.
The children, who were all watching by the side, were shocked to see the amusement on Lucian's face.
During their rehearsal over the past few days, they kept hearing Roxanne complain that Lucian didn't have any emotions at all. But from what they were seeing now, they realized that Roxanne's words were a far cry from reality.
While Roxanne lay on the couch with her eyes closed, it was so quiet that she could hear a pin drop. All she could feel was Lucian's breath bearing down upon her.
As he continued to approach, Roxanne's hands clenched into fists while her brows slowly knitted together tightly.
All of a sudden, Lucian's breath stopped at an angle with no further movement.
When Roxanne opened her eyes in curiosity, she was greeted by his annoyed face.
"Ms. Jarvis, there's no need to be so nervous. I will keep my word not to take advantage of you." Lucian's voice sounded a little cold, causing Roxanne to be stunned. At the same time, the children chimed in.
"Mommy, Sleeping Beauty doesn't frown!"
"Ms. Jarvis, your expression cannot change because you're supposed to be asleep!"
After being reminded by the children and glancing at the displeased-looking Lucian, Roxanne lowered her gaze self-consciously. 
###Chapter 520
"Close your eyes." Lucian gave her another instruction.
Roxanne's eyelids fluttered before she complied.
She became nervous when she felt the man's warm breath near her once more but tried to stay calm by digging her nails into her palms.
The little ones watched as Lucian got closer and closer to Roxanne. Right as his lips were about to touch hers, Lucian froze for a moment. Then he tilted his head slightly, creating the illusion of a kiss.
Roxanne was aware of how Lucian froze and moved his head away. She held her breath and waited for quite some time, but the man did not step away from her.
It was so quiet that she could hear Lucian's breathing.
Roxanne could not help but knit her brows. When she cautiously opened her eyes, she saw the man in front of her. His gorgeous face left her in a daze for a few seconds.
When she came to her senses, she pressed her palm against his chest to stop him from advancing. "A simple kiss will do. Don't forget to straighten up once you do so as Sleeping Beauty is supposed to wake up."
Lucian's eyes darkened while he scrutinized her face.
Upon hearing that, the man gradually straightened his back and gave Roxanne a baffling smirk. "Thanks for your reminder, Ms. Jarvis."
Roxanne lowered her eyes and stood up. "Let's call it a day. This should be the ending scene for the play."
She then got up and walked to the three children, leaving Lucian alone on the couch.
Lucian was pleased with the development.
As such, he was not bothered by how Roxanne once again distanced herself from him.
Upon hearing what Roxanne said, Lucian got up from the couch, walked to Estella, and said in a deep voice, "I'll see you tomorrow then."
He lowered his eyes and reminded Estella, "Essie, say goodbye to Ms. Jarvis and the boys."
Estella did not throw a tantrum because she knew she would be coming tomorrow. The little girl waved her hand to bid them farewell. "Goodbye, Ms. Jarvis. See you tomorrow, Archie and Benny." Roxanne grinned at Estella and walked them to the door.
After sending them off, she brought Archie and Benny back to their room.
On the way back to the Farwell residence, Estella sat in the passenger's seat and looked at her father in anticipation. "Daddy, do you think Ms. Jarvis will like us?"
Lucian froze at Estella's question.
He merely wanted to use the anniversary celebration to draw Roxanne closer to him and had not thought of anything beyond that.
Thus, he was surprised that Estella had developed that train of thought. Getting Roxanne to like Essie might be a piece of cake, but getting her to like me...
Lucian could not help but smirk and mock himself when he recalled all the incidents six years ago. She left without a trace six years ago. It won't be easy to win her heart over again.
Upon noticing his hesitation, Estella clenched her fists and asked anxiously, "Will Ms. Jarvis start avoiding us again?"
Lucian lifted his eyes to look at the little girl and answered in a solemn voice, "It all depends on what you're capable of."
Roxanne had always had a soft spot for Estella. Lucian always knew he was the only reason she maintained a distance from his daughter.
When she heard that answer, Estella pressed her lips and raised her fist. "Okay! I'll try my best!" 
###Chapter 521
After several days of rehearsal, it was finally Friday.
When Roxanne went to pick the little ones up in the evening, she saw the children carrying a pile of clothes in their arms. Excitement was written all over their faces,
"Look, Mommy! These are our costumes!" Benny showed her the costumes as Roxanne walked toward him.
Roxanne nodded gently in response and took over the outfits from the boys.
Meanwhile, Estella was also waiting at one side while carrying two pairs of costumes
-one for her and one for Lucian.
Estella had always been physically weak. That was why she seemed to have difficulties carrying the costumes and a bag on her back.
Once Roxanne took over the costumes from Benny and Archie, the boys ran to her and helped her with the clothes.
Estella gratefully passed the garments to the boys and thanked them.
The three children then lined up in front of Roxanne, waiting for her to lead them to the car.
In the last couple of days, Roxanne would always take them back together. Estella thought it would be the same for today.
Seeing how excited the children were, Roxanne leaned forward, stroked Estella's head, and said awkwardly, "Since the rehearsal is tomorrow, we won't be rehearsing today anymore." That answer took Estella by surprise. Feeling disappointed, the little girl lowered her head.
Since there would be no rehearsal today, Estella would not be able to go to Roxanne's place to play with the boys.
Roxanne's heart melted when she noticed how upset Estella was. She looked at the girl and said softly, "But Essie, you can wait for your daddy in our car."
With that said, she straightened her back and reached out her hand to Estella.
Though still upset, Estella grabbed Roxanne's hand and climbed into her car.
Lucian arrived after a short wait.
Roxanne noticed the man walking toward Pippa. After finding out where Estella was, he walked in their direction.
"Daddy!" Estella opened the car door and greeted Lucian.
Lucian responded with a curt nod. When he was about to ask Roxanne why she did not bring the children home, Estella muttered softly, "Ms. Jarvis said there'll be no rehearsal today."
Lucian frowned and looked at the woman in the driver's seat.
Roxanne explained casually, "They shouldn't be rehearsing anymore since the performance is tomorrow. I hope they can get enough rest today and not be anxious over tomorrow's performance.". Lucian had no choice but to agree with her.
Despite that, Estella was unhappy with the arrangement as she wanted to stay with Roxanne.
She was afraid that after the performance, Roxanne might avoid them like how she had done previously.
Estella could not help but look at Roxanne with her puppy-dog eyes.
Roxanne had her back to Estella, so she did not notice the expression on the little girl's face. She just carried on saying, "Here's Essie. You can take her home now. I should go home with my kids now too." Suddenly, she heard the man's voice from behind her. "Please let Essie stay a night at your place."
Roxanne was taken aback by the request.
"I won't be able to help her with the makeup and costumes since the performance is tomorrow. I would be relieved if you could help them with all the preparations at home because I'm afraid everyone will be extremely busy at the kindergarten," Lucian explained in a calm voice.
Upon hearing his justification, Roxanne hesitated for a while but finally agreed with the arrangement,
After knowing that she could sleep over at Roxanne's place, Estella broke into a wide smile.
After grabbing Lucian's costume and handing it to him, they bid each other farewell and drove home. 
###Chapter 522
Estella had not slept over for quite some time, so she was thrilled when she stepped into the house and started running around with the two boys. They only stopped chasing each other when Roxanne called them over for dinner.
After dinner, Roxanne played with the children for a while before asking them to try on their costumes.
The kindergarten was indeed an elite establishment. It looked like they had put a lot of effort into the costumes for the anniversary celebration. The little ones instantly transformed into their characters when they wore the garments.
Archie and Benny both had the same costumes but came in different colors-one in blue and one in green. Not only were they given garments that came with a pair of wings, but they also received a pair of pointy ears.
Despite not having any make-up, the two boys already looked like a pair of elves after putting on the costumes
On the other hand, Estella was given a long, black witch's dress, a black hat, and a magic wand.
Yet, she looked so out of place when she put on the costume because of the innocent look on her face. It was as if an angel had accidentally worn a witch's outfit.
The children were amused to see each other in their respective costumes. They tilted their heads and urged Roxanne, "Where's your costume, Mommy?"
They looked as if they had just walked out of a fairytale when they had the costumes on.
The little ones could not wait to see what Roxanne would look like when she put on hers.
Roxanne smiled faintly and went to her bedroom with her outfit.
Not long after, she walked out of the room.
Brimming with excitement, the children looked over when they heard the sound of the door opening
To their confusion, they noticed Roxanne was still wearing the same clothes as earlier
*The costume fits me well." Upon noucing the expressions on their faces, Roxanne grinned, "I'll only wear the costume tomorrow. All right, kids. It's time for bed. Change back to your clothes now."
Archie, Benny, and Estella reluctantly ran their fingers over their costumes and went to their rooms.
When Roxanne was about to take Estella to the shower after helping her remove her outfit, the girl popped a question. "I wonder what Daddy's costume is?"
Upon hearing that, Roxanne paused and kept mum for a few seconds. She then gave Estella a smile and said, "It will be a prince's costume, of course. I'm sure you'll see what he looks like tomorrow." Estella nodded, but she seemed a little distracted.
Roxanne could not tell what was on the girl's mind, but she decided not to pry and took her straight to the bathroom.
During the shower, Roxanne told her the Sleeping Beauty story.
Estella raised a doubt after listening to the story, "Does Sleeping Beauty like the prince, Ms. Jarvis?"
That question rendered Roxanne speechless.
According to the fairytale, Sleeping Beauty lived with the prince after being woken up by his kiss. However, it did not clarify anything about their relationship.
She had no clue if Sleeping Beauty was fond of the prince.
While Roxanne was still trying to think of an answer, Estella asked her another question, "How about you, Ms. Jarvis? Do you like Daddy?"
Estella kept bombarding her with burning questions to the point where Roxanne could not react to them.
"Can you stop running away from us, Ms. Jarvis?" Estella's voice echoed in the bathroom. "I like you very much, but you don't seem to like Daddy. What did Daddy do wrong?"
Roxanne stayed silent for quite some time before answering hesitantly, "No, he didn't do anything wrong."
"Then why are you avoiding us?" Estella insisted on getting to the bottom of the matter.
Roxanne responded with a cursory grin. "I'm not avoiding anyone. I was just caught up with work. Besides, I don't hate your daddy, We've been getting along well in the last few days, haven't we?" 
###Chapter 523
Estella was going to say something else, but Roxanne interrupted her, "It's late. We have to get up early tomorrow. Let's hurry up and wash up and go to bed."
It was obvious that Roxanne didn't want to continue with the topic.
Estella's eyes turned dark, but she listened to Roxanne obediently and said nothing else.
She slept with Roxanne. As she rarely had the chance to sleep with Roxanne, she slept soundly that night.
Roxanne, however, couldn't help but recall Estella's innocent question..
What did Lucian do wrong?
There was only one answer that she could think of to that question. Other than the fact that he didn't like her, he didn't seem to have done anything else to hurt her. However, that alone was enough to make Roxanne keep a distance from him.
Besides, Sonya and Aubree had also been keeping an eye on her.
Roxanne did not sleep well that night as thoughts flooded her mind, and she woke up very early the next day.
Meanwhile, Estella was still snuggled next to Roxanne, sleeping soundly.
Roxanne's gaze softened and her heart ached as she looked at Estella by her side.
She didn't know why Estella was so dependent on her right after their first meeting.
At one point, she felt as if she had done something wrong to Estella because she couldn't be hard on Estella no matter what.
"Ms. Jarvis." Just as Roxanne was lost in her thoughts, Estella woke up in a daze.
Roxanne returned to her senses and stretched out her hand to touch Estella's tiny little face. "You're awake."
Estella nodded in response, struggling to open her sleepy eyes.
Roxanne couldn't help but laugh at the sight of that.
She had wanted to let Estella sleep for a little longer, but when she thought about helping the children to change into their costumes and do their makeup, she had no choice but to wake Estella up.
Estella obediently followed Roxanne into the bathroom to wash up.
After that, Roxanne gave Estella simple make-up. Then she applied some heavier colors to Estella's face and drew some patterns at the corner of Estella's eyes, which made the latter look more like a little witch.
Once that was completed, Roxanne braided Estella's curly hair into a thick braid and secured it at the back of Estella's head before helping her to put on the witch's black hat.
"Okay. Let's wake Archie and Benny up!" Roxanne brought Estella with her to knock on Archie and Benny's door.
Archie and Benny were already awake and had already changed into their costumes.
When they opened the door and saw the little witch in front of them, they were astonished. "Essie looks like a real witch!"
Estella shyly moved to Roxanne's side when the two boys complimented her.
Roxanne touched Estella's soft face and urged Archie and Benny, "It's your turn now. We're running out of time. We must be quick."
Archie and Benny quickly agreed and followed Roxanne to do their make-up.
After helping Archie and Benny with their make-up, Roxanne did simple make-up on herself and changed into her costume. Then she had a quick breakfast before rushing toward the kindergarten with the three children.
When they arrived, Lucian's car was already stopped in front of the kindergarten
entrance.
Lucian got out of his car calmly when he saw them getting out of the vehicle.
Instead of doing his makeup, Lucian had only changed into his costume and styled his hair. There was also a brilliant-looking sword attached to the waist of his costume, which made him look like a prince from a fairytale.
Archie, Benny, and Estella were dumbfounded by his appearance.
choice but to wake Estella up.
Estella obediently followed Roxanne into the bathroom to wash up.
After that, Roxanne gave Estella simple make-up. Then she applied some heavier colors to Estella's face and drew some patterns at the corner of Estella's eyes, which made the latter look more like a little witch.
Once that was completed, Roxanne braided Estella's curly hair into a thick braid an secured it at the back of Estella's head before helping her to put on the witch's blac) hat.
"Okay. Let's wake Archie and Benny up!" Roxanne brought Estella with her to knoc on Archie and Benny's door.
Archie and Benny were already awake and had already changed into their costume
When they opened the door and saw the little witch in front of them, they were astonished. "Essie looks like a real witch!"
Estella shyly moved to Roxanne's side when the two boys complimented her.
Roxanne touched Estella's soft face and urged Archie and Benny, "It's your turn nc We're running out of time. We must be quick."
Archie and Benny quickly agreed and followed Roxanne to do their make-up.
After helping Archie and Benny with their make-up, Roxanne did simple make-u on herself and changed into her costume. Then she had a quick breakfast before rushing toward the kindergarten with the three children.
When they arrived, Lucian's car was already stopped in front of the kindergarten entrance.
Lucian got out of his car calmly when he saw them getting out of the vehicle.
Instead of doing his makeup, Lucian had only changed into his costume and style his hair. There was also a brilliant-looking sword attached to the waist of his costu which made him look like a prince from a fairytale,
Archie, Benny, and Estella were dumbfounded by his appearance. 
###Chapter 524
"Daddy!" Estella ran into Lucian's arms the moment she saw him. She was charmed by his striking appearance.
Lucian squatted down to hug Estella and held her up while looking at Roxanne in front of him.
Roxanne had on only simple make-up and was wearing a white princess dress. Her long hair was pulled up and secured by a tiny crystal crown. Her eyes seemed to sparkle, and she looked dazzling. Roxanne smiled at him faintly when she met his eyes, and he couldn't turn away.
Archie and Benny were standing behind Roxanne quietly as they looked at Lucian before them, imagining how they would look like when they grew up.
Although they didn't like him, they couldn't deny how handsome Lucian was.
Will we be as handsome as him in the future?
"Let's go inside." Lucian broke the silence and turned to lead the way.
Roxanne nodded slightly and walked behind him along with Archie and Benny.
The anniversary celebration had yet to begin. The children and their parents, who had already done their make-up, were looking around the kindergarten.
The theme of the anniversary celebration was fairytales, so the entire kindergarten was decorated such that it resembled the places in fairytales. At first glance, Roxanne thought she had walked into a fairytale world.
When they first walked into the kindergarten, they first entered a world of snow and ice. There were pumpkin lanterns everywhere and several pumpkin carriages by the roadside. One of them had a glass shoe on it.
As they walked further into the kindergarten, they saw a colorful candy house. Several exquisite-looking baskets were placed at the doorstep, and half of the candies inside had been taken away.
At the sight of the candies, Archie and Benny stopped in their tracks.
Just as Roxanne was about to get two candies for Archie and Benny, Lucian had already walked toward the candy basket. He returned not long after with his hands full of candies.
"Isn't this too much? What about the kids after us?" Roxanne asked,
Lucian looked at her in amusement. "Someone will fill up the baskets later."
Realizing how stupid she was, Roxanne pursed her lips while smiling awkwardly
Although Archie and Benny were averse to him, they couldn't resist the temptation of the candies. After hesitating for a few seconds, they carefully took two candies from Lucian's hand and said sweetly, "Thank you, Mr. Farwell."
Lucian nodded slightly and took two candies for Estella. After that, he put the rest of the candies into the big pocket of Estella's witch costume.
In an instant, Estella's pocket bulged.
Along the way, they saw that many parents and children were also dressed in fairytale costumes.
The children were held by their parents as they skipped forward.
From afar, Roxanne saw a child looking like Little Red Riding Hood. That little girl looks really cute...
Right when she was staring at Little Red Riding Hood, the adult next to the little girl suddenly looked in Roxanne's and Lucian's direction.
Roxanne couldn't help feeling surprised when their eyes met. She greeted the woman with a smile, "Ms. Clark."
Cassandra held little Chloe's hand as they walked toward Roxanne. The former was stunned when she saw Roxanne, Archie, and Benny. "Ms. Jarvis, you're really beautiful today! Archie and Benny look really adorable too!"
Roxanne smiled. "There I was wondering who the cute Little Red Riding Hood was. I can't believe it's Chloe."
Cassandra's role was Grandma Wolf, so she had dressed up like an old lady on purpose. As a result, Chloe looked even more energetic and adorable by her side.
"The kindergarten gave her a good cloak." When Cassandra spoke, she subconsciously glanced at Lucian walking in front of her.
Lucian had walked forward without looking at her at all. 
###Chapter 525
Chloe, who was holding onto Cassandra's hand, suddenly saw that Archie and Benny were eating something. She asked curiously, "Archie, Benny, what are you two eating?" "Candy." Archie and Benny opened their mouths to show her.
After that, they touched their pockets and looked at Chloe apologetically. "We've finished ours. Otherwise, we could have shared two with you."
The disappointment was written all over Chloe's face when she heard that.
Roxanne's heart softened when she saw how sad Chloe looked. She remembered the candies inside Estella's pocket and called out to Estella, "Essie, can you give two candies to Chloe?"
Estella turned at the sound of Roxanne's voice and nodded, trying to take a few candies from her pocket.
However, as she was being carried by Lucian, she couldn't move her hands much. Besides, the pocket of the witch costume was deep. After trying for a long time and still couldn't reach the candies, she looked at Lucian for help.
Lucian did not seem to notice Estella's movements at all as he continued moving forward.
Chloe looked at Estella pitifully. After she waited a long time for the candy and couldn't see any, her face fell even more.
Roxanne was in a dilemma.
If I called out to Lucian, he'd definitely give Chloe the candy, but we would look too intimate in front of Ms. Clark. But poor Chloe... Upon deliberation, Roxanne called out to the man in front of her, "Mr. Farwell, could you help Essie with the candies?"
Hearing that, Lucian stopped in his tracks.
Everyone behind him became nervous all of a sudden.
A few seconds later, Lucian had a few colorful candies in his hand. He walked toward Chloe and asked the latter to open her palm.
Lucian's aura frightened Chloe, Chloe tried to stretch out her hands a few times, but she didn't dare to. Yet, her eyes were filled with longing for the candies.
Naturally, Cassandra was embarrassed to take the candies straight from Lucian's hands.
At that moment, the atmosphere was somewhat awkward.
Roxanne noticed the awkwardness in the air. After a short moment of hesitation, she walked toward Lucian and took the candies from his hand. Then she squatted down and took Chloe's hand. "Here are some candies for you, Little Red Riding Hood," she said softly.
Chloe's eyes gradually lit up. "Thank you, Ms. Jarvis!"
Roxanne smiled. Afterward, she turned sideways to remind Chloe, "Don't forget to thank Mr. Farwell too. He's the one who gave you the candies."
Looking at Lucian, Chloe became timid again. She mumbled, "Thank you, Mr. Farwell."
Lucian nodded slightly in response, then glanced at Roxanne, who was still squatting down with a meaningful look before turning around and walking forward.
Seeing that Lucian had walked some distance away from them, Cassandra asked cautiously, “Ms. Jarvis, are you close to Mr. Farwell?"
Roxanne was taken aback when she heard that. She tried to stay calm as she explained, "Essie gets along well with my boys, so I interact with Mr. Farwell more than you guys. That's probably why we look a little close."
Cassandra nodded understandingly with a smile. "Mr. Farwell and Estella have never participated in events like these, not to mention performing in fancy costumes, because of Estella. Thanks to you, Archie, and Benny, or we may not have had the chance to be blessed with such a wonderful sight."
Indeed. Ever since Archie and Benny appeared, Estella had started accepting group activities and playing with other kids.
Roxanne's heart softened when she thought of Estella, and she didn't deny what Cassandra said. 
###Chapter 526
Roxanne and Cassandra chatted all the way to the hall of the kindergarten.
The hall was also filled with fairytale-like decorations, and the seats were occupied by children and parents.
Pippa was waiting at the entrance. She saw Lucian first and greeted him politely. When she was about to tell him where to sit, she saw Roxanne and the others behind him.
"Ms. Jarvis. Ms. Clark." Pippa figured that Roxanne was probably there with Lucian, so she greeted them together.
Roxanne and Cassandra smiled in response.
"Did you help your children to do their make-up? They're so adorable!" Pippa couldn't help but exclaim in awe when she saw Archie, Benny, Estella, and Chloe.
Although she was well aware of her students' good looks, only when the children were dressed up as fairytale characters during the anniversary celebration did she realize how beautiful they were. The children beamed when they heard Pippa's compliments.
"Our class will be sitting at the front. Please make your way there." Pippa pointed them to their seats.
They nodded and walked forward.
As they walked down the aisle while making their way to their seats, Roxanne could feel everyone's eyes on them.
The crowd was stunned by the scene.
Although everyone present had dressed up as characters in fairytales, Roxanne and Lucian looked like a princess and a prince, while Archie, Benny, and Estella had the elegance of royalty. Roxanne and the others were used to being stared at by others. Despite being stared al, they continued to make their way to their seats with straight faces.
Archie, Benny, and Estella sat between Roxanne and Lucian. They looked like a family
Soon, the anniversary celebration began.
One fairytale after another was presented on the stage.
The kindergarten had indeed put a lot of effort into the anniversary celebration.
The stage design was highly realistic, which made the fairytale look even more vivid and lifelike.
Archie, Benny, and Estella were exceptionally drawn to many of the performances because the stories were new to them.
They teared up when the Little Match Girl froze and died on the streets, and they covered their eyes out of fear when they saw Grandma Wolf from The Little Red Riding Hood. The three looked pitiful because of the change of emotions on their faces.
Roxanne's emotions were stirred up a little too, but when she saw how funny they looked, she couldn't help but feel amused.
"Mommy." When the play was about Pinocchio, Benny cautiously tugged Roxanne's sleeve.
Roxanne lowered her gaze and looked at Benny.
Benny was anxiously touching his nose as he asked in a muffled voice, "Will my nose really get longer if I lie?"
Hearing that, Roxanne chuckled softly.
Benny's eyes were filled with confusion.
Roxanne didn't expect him to ask that question. He's usually intelligent, and computer programming isn't even complex for him. I can't believe he actually believes in things like this.
However, when she saw how nervous he looked, she couldn't help teasing him. She smiled and said with certainty, "That's right. Look at Pinocchio's nose."
Benny pouted and turned to Archie and Estella to check his nose.
No one knew what he said to Estella. But when she heard what he said, she couldn't stop giggling as she covered her mouth.
When Roxanne saw the little ones whispering to one another, she was full of smiles. 
###Chapter 527
It was dimly lit below the stage.
Lucian could feel the children smiling beside him. Feeling curious, he gazed in their direction. The three children were whispering to each other about who knows-what with secretive looks on their faces. Every so often, they would cover their mouths to muftle out their soft giggles.
From beside them, Roxanne was looking at the children with a gentle smile on her face.
It was quite a tender moment.
However, the moment her eyes met Lucian's, her loving smile turned stiff ever so slightly
Roxanne lowered her gaze and composed herself before turning her face away so that Lucian could only see her side profile.
Lucian's gaze darkened. With his brows knitted tightly together, he, too, turned his gaze away.
They were the last ones to perform.
When the second-last performance was about to come to an end, Lucian and Roxanne directed the children backstage and got ready to perform.
They had thought the children would feel at least a little nervous, as it was their first time performing in front of an audience.
Unexpectedly, the three children were buzzing with excitement. A huge grin hung on their faces as their eyes shone in delight, much to Roxanne's relief.
After the host introduced them, Roxanne led the children onstage.
The first few scenes were flawless. Everything was exactly as they had rehearsed. As they carried oui the scene, the children showed no signs of stage fright. In fact, they were far more confident than all the other children.
Roxanne could even hear the audible gasps of the audience,
When it was Estella's turn, the crowd erupted with applause the moment her childish voice rang out as she recited her first line,
Everyone was aware of Estella's condition. She was even known as Little Mute in the outside world. Al that moment, when they heard Estella speak so fluently with their
own ears, they were both surprised and overjoyed.
Likewise, the memory of her first encounter with Estella surfaced in Roxanne's mind. She recalled how shy Estella had been when they first met and how the former would not even say a single word. Roxanne looked at the tiny silhouette standing onstage at that moment, her heart swelling with emotions and pride when she saw Estella performing with such confidence in front of so many people. Before long, it was time for the scene where the princess pricked her finger on the spinning wheel and fell into a deep sleep.
When the curtains rose, Roxanne was lying quietly still on an exquisitely crafted wooden bed. Her long locks, which were originally held in place by a tiara, were now hanging loosely over the bed, fully exposing her perfect side profile to the audience.
The stage light softened, giving the scene a sense of serenity. The warm lights shone on Roxanne's fair skin, giving it a faint glow. Under the spotlight, she truly looked like a princess from a fairytale-a gentle princess who was in a deep sleep.
When the curtains rose again, Lucian and Estella appeared on the stage. The crowd watched on as the two stared each other down.
Lucian had a tall build and long legs. He was wearing a form-fitting knight costume and was holding a sparkling sword in his hand, showcasing the nobleness of his character.
On the other hand, Estella was glaring menacingly at Lucian. Her stance indicated that she was about to lunge at him.
The pair pretended to fight, throwing fake punches and kicks at each other before Estella ultimately fell to the ground, defeated. Once the girl lay down on the ground, Lucian made his way backstage in huge strides.
The curtains closed gently. When it reopened, only the prince and the sleeping princess were left onstage.
At the sight of the two of them in the same scene, the crowd fell silent. The scene was so breathtaking that the audience almost did not want to move for fear that any motion would disrupt the atmosphere. Onstage, the prince stood by the wooden bed and gazed at the sleeping princess lovingly. With the sword in one hand, Lucian held the headboard with his other hand and slowly leaned in.
The distance between the two beautiful side profiles got closer and closer. By then, the crowd had held their breath. Their eyes were brimming with anticipation.
As Roxanne lay still on the bed, she could feel Lucian's breath inching closer and closer to her face.
Even though they had rehearsed that very scene twice, Roxanne could still feel her heart rate picking up as the scene played out at that moment.
On top of her nervousness, Roxanne could vaguely sense that Lucian did not turn away as rehearsed.
Instinctively, Roxanne's brows twitched. However, at the thought of the audience below the stage, she forced herself to maintain a calm complexion and resisted the urge to open her eyes and see what was happening.
In the next second, she felt something warm and gentle on her lips. 
###Chapter 528
Roxanne was stunned.
Lucian seemed to have decided that she would not make a fuss onstage. He kept her lips on hers for a full three seconds before slowly moving away and straightening his posture. Roxanne quietly clenched her fists to calm herself down and stop herself from losing control in front of the audience. Her eyelids fluttered gently before she slowly opened her eyes. As Lucian stood by her side, a small smile appeared on his lips. However, all traces of the smile vanished into thin air the moment she looked over at him. "
At an angle where the audience could not see her face, Roxanne allowed herself to frown slightly before getting down from the bed.
For the rest of the play, Roxanne had no idea how she managed to keep her composure.
The sudden kiss by Lucian had completely wrecked her mind, leaving it in a pile of chaos.
Only when the children led her to the edge of the stage by her hand did Roxanne manage to snap out of her daze. Recollecting herself, Roxanne gave the audience a bow. Thunderous applause rang out from below the stage.
The audience was completely mesmerized by the fantastical ambient of the scene, and no one noticed whether the kiss was real or fake. All they knew was that the scene was undeniably beautiful. Listening to the thunderous applause below the stage, Roxanne fluttered about, then quickly walked off the stage and returned to her seat.
"Ms. Jarvis, the two of you were absolutely stunning!" Cassandra exclaimed from behind
Roxanne had finally calmed herself down slightly. However, when she heard Cassandra's comment, Roxanne's mind went berserk once again,
The warmth of Lucian's kiss still lingered on her lips.
Tossing an apologetic look at Cassandra, Roxanne excused herself. "Sorry, I'm feeling a little unwell. I think I need some fresh air. Please excuse me."
"Do you need me to come with you?" Cassandra offered with concern.
Before she could hear what Cassandra was saying, Roxanne had already turned to leave.
The host was süll giving concluding remarks on the stage.
Archie and Benny glanced over in the direction Roxanne had just left. Looking worried, they wanted to chase after her.
They had clearly seen what had happened onstage. They knew that Lucian had not followed through with what they had rehearsed and had kissed Roxanne for real.
They concluded that Roxanne's sudden weird attitude was because of Lucian's kiss.
Just as Archie and Benny stood up, however, a tall figure stood in front of them, preventing them from advancing any further.
Lowering his gaze, Lucian looked at the two boys. "You boys stay here. I'll go see how she's doing."
With that, Lucian bent down and pressed Archie and Benny into their seats before turning to chase after Roxanne.
Outside the hall, Roxanne was sitting quietly on the slide in the small playground. Her mind was a complete mess.
The kiss Lucian had given her a moment ago still burned in her brain. No matter how hard she tried, she could not shake away the memory.
Back when they were still rehearsing for the play, Roxanne had tried to skip the final scene between her and Lucian.
However, Lucian had convinced her that rehearsing the scene would allow him to fake the kiss more convincingly so that she would comply, and she had naively believed in him. Yet little did she expect Lucian to actually kiss her even after all those days of rehearsing
Al that moment, Roxanne felt her head going blank.
If it weren't for the fact that there was an audience watching them, Roxanne did not know how she would have reacted,
Also, Lucian's expression when I opened my eyes was... was...
Roxanne closed her eyes in concentration as she dug through the images in her
brain hoping to catch a glimpse of Lucian's expression at that moment. But no matter how hard she tried, she could not remember.
Lucian's expression seemed to be natural, so natural that it was as though that was how the scene was supposed to go.
Roxanne started to wonder if the kiss was just an illusion.
At that thought, Roxanne touched her lips absentmindedly.
The kiss was real.
Nonetheless, she could not wrap her head around the meaning behind Lucian's kiss.
Or could it be that the kiss was just an accident, and I'm just overthinking this... Just as the thoughts ran wildly in her head, a tall figure approached her slowly. Still lost in thought, Roxanne was completely oblivious to the approaching figure. 
###Chapter 529
Lucian stood behind Roxanne and stared at her silhouette for a long time.
What is she thinking about? She didn't even notice I was here. She didn't even move an inch the entire time I was here.
After a long while, Lucian raised his feet at walked toward her with a frown on his face.
Only when a shadow cast on her did Roxanne realize that she was not alone. Snapping out of her daze, Roxanne lifted her head to look at the person standing in front of her.
As their gazes met, Roxanne immediately knitted her brows and stood up with solemn guardedness. She took a few steps back, increasing the distance between them. "What are you thinking about, Ms. Jarvis? Why did you leave Archie and Benny behind and come out here alone?" Lucian asked in concern as though nothing had happened.
Roxanne looked at the man standing before her and retorted, "Didn't you leave Essie behind and come out here as well, Mr. Farwell?"
Lucian's expression sank momentarily, but quickly, he flashed a smile at Roxanne. "Essie was worried about you. I'm merely checking on you on her behalf."
A wave of frustration washed over Roxanne as she remembered how distressed she was a moment ago. She could not help but think that she was being played by the man in front of her.
After a few seconds of silence, Roxanne decided to address the elephant in the room. "Thank you for your concern, Mr. Farwell. I was just wondering... Why didn't you follow through with what was rehearsed in the final scene?"
The moment she spoke those words, Roxanne noticed Lucian arching his eyebrows slightly. He looked as though he was surprised.
Roxanne was filled with confusion.
"You felt that?"
Roxanne scrunched up her face, immediately confirming that the kiss was not just a figment of her imagination.
Lucian had truly kissed her in front of an audience,
Did the audience see that? If they did... Lucian has a fiancée, and almost every parent in the kindergarten knows about it. Yet, he still kissed me in front of everyone.
Roxanne was perplexed and dumbfounded. She had no clue as to what Lucian was thinking. Moreover, she did not know what the audience was thinking when they saw the scene.
Panic surged in Roxanne's heart as she imagined all the possible responses of the audience. For a brief moment, she lost control of her emotions. "Did you think I was actually asleep, Mr. Farwell? So, pray tell, why didn't you follow what we had rehearsed when all those people were watching?"
Lucian took in Roxanne's panicked expression, and his gaze darkened. "Looks like it bothers you a lot, Ms. Jarvis."
Roxanne stared at him incredulously. "It does. In fact, it bothers me greatly. So please, Mr. Farwell, I would like a reasonable explanation!"
Lucian nodded. With a calm voice, he asked, "If I tell you it was an accident, will you believe me?"
Roxanne was taken aback. Suspicion was written all over her face.
"I really did want to follow what we had rehearsed back then. Unfortunately, the lights cast a shadow on your face from where I was standing, obscuring my sight and causing me to miscalculate the distance and accidentally kiss you." Lucian looked Roxanne in the eye. "I was just as shocked as you are when that happened, Ms. Jarvis. But since you did not seem to have much reaction, I carried on. I didn't expect you to mind so much."
In other words, he was saying that Roxanne had allowed him to continue that kiss.
Roxanne stared at him in disbelief. Not only did she find his explanation hilarious, but she also thought it was downright absurd. "Pray tell, Mr. Farwell. How should I have reacted back then for you to know that I mind?"
There were so many pairs of eyes below the stage. Did he expect me to ignore the script and push him away forcefully?
Lucian mulled over it in silence. After a while, he answered matter-of-factly, "To be honest, even I have no idea how you should have reacted back then. However, it's all in the past. There's no need for us to keep discussing it." 
###Chapter 530
Chapter 530 Once again, Roxanne found his words ridiculous. Her expression darkened even more.
He had kissed her in front of so many people, yet now he was telling her that there was no need for them to discuss it since it had all passed.
He made it seem as though she was the one overreacting.
At the sight of Roxanne's anger, Lucian stated seriously, "Whether you believe it or not, the kiss truly was an accident. Besides, I have no reason to kiss you."
When she heard that, she felt as though someone had put away the fire burning in her heart.
Even though she did not want to believe it, she had to admit that Lucian was telling the truth. He had no reason to kiss her.
After all, Aubree was the one Lucian had always been in love with for all those years. The two of them were even engaged. He would not have left Aubree alone and done something that could cause so many misunderstandings in front of a crowd.
However, the more Roxanne followed that train of thought, the more upset she was at herself.
That's the reality. Why was I overthinking about it just now? I must have made a fool of myself in front of Lucian.
Laughing softly at her own absurdity, Roxanne lowered her head.
Meanwhile, Lucian had mistaken her silence for anger. After a moment of silence, he smiled. "I've come out here to apologize to you. If you're so bothered by the fact that I stole a kiss from you, you can steal one from me."
Cocking an eyebrow, he added, "I promise I won't move."
Roxanne jerked her head up to look at him in disbelief. She could not believe what she had just heard.
What is this guy talking about?A few moments ago, he was explaining that the kiss was not intentional. But now he's saying things like this. Doesn't he know that it'll cause a lot of misunderstandings? Roxanne could no longer read what he was thinking.
"So what would it be, Ms. Jarvis? Will you forgive me, or do you want to kiss me
back?" Lucian pressed on.
Seeing how nonchalant he looked, Roxanne almost laughed out loud in frustration. Not wanting to continue the topic, she said, "Since you've already explained yourself, we can pretend it never happened. Thank you, Mr. Farwell. I'm heading back inside."
With that, she turned and headed straight for the hall.
As for the audience, Roxanne could only pray that they did not see the kiss, and even if they did, she hoped they would think it was all for the play.
Behind her, Lucian remained standing by the slide, keeping his eyes on Roxanne's diminishing silhouette. When he saw that she did not even turn back to look at him, a mocking smile appeared on his lips. Then he picked up his pace and followed her into the hall.
By the time the two returned to the hall, it was the prize-giving ceremony.
When the three children saw them entering the hall, their eyes lit up with excitement.
"Mommy, we won first place!" Benny immediately whispered in Roxanne's ears the moment she sat down.
With a smile, Roxanne reached out and rubbed Benny's head. "Thanks to all your hard work! All of you were amazing!"
Benny puffed out his chest in pride. With excitement written all over his face, he turned his gaze toward the stage. "We even received prizes!"
Roxanne did not give much thought to the statement. Thinking that the prizes would be toys for the children, she merely smiled and waited with the rest of them.
On the stage, the host had just finished announcing the names of the winners and was starting to introduce the prizes.
The prizes were given according to the number of families involved in each group. The third place received two mountain bikes for children, ihe second place received three pairs of limited edition Lego sets, and the first place received two sets of family vacation vouchers to a hot spring-one for Roxanne, and one for Lucian.
Roxanne was dumbfounded when she heard what the prize was.
It was so different from the previous two prizes,
She had assumed that the first prize would also be toys for the children. Yet to her surprise, they were vouchers for a hot spring vacation, 
###Chapter 531
"Put your hands together as we invite the champion to receive the prize on stage!" The host smiled and looked toward Roxanne and the others.
Roxanne glanced at Lucian, hoping he would go up.
However, Lucian remained seated calmly and showed no intention of standing up.
Roxanne had no choice but to get up on stage to receive the vouchers for a hot spring vacation from Jeffrey.
As she walked up the stage, everyone shot her envious looks.
Thinking that the people might have seen their kiss, Roxanne couldn't wait to get off the stage. She hurriedly took the vouchers, thanked the presenter, and turned to step down from the stage.
The three children looked at the vouchers in her hand with faces full of excitement.
Roxanne, however, was distracted.
The long wait for the event to end was exhausting. And as soon as it ended, Roxanne immediately got up, wanting to leave with the children.
As they walked out of the hall, Estella said gingerly, "Ms. Jarvis, let's go together!"
Roxanne was shocked to hear that from Estella and couldn't react for a moment.
Estella had already run up to her. Her face was flushed red, and she was staring at Roxanne with eyes brimming with anticipation. "Let's go to the hot spring together!"
She had never been anywhere that far with Roxanne, and she was looking forward to
1.
After all, they had worked hard to win the vacation vouchers, and it was only natural that they went to the hot spring together.
Roxanne's heart softened when she took in Estella's expectant eyes,
Lucian walked out and stood beside Estella silently while looking at Roxanne with an incomprehensible gaze.
When she felt Lucian's line of sight, Roxanne hesitated for a moment before rejecting Estella firmly. "I will be busy. You go ahead with your daddy."
Hearing that, the children felt disappointed,
They were all looking forward to having fun together, but Roxanne didn't seem to think the same.
Lucian's eyes darkened, and the atmosphere became tense.
Estella looked at Roxanne with her puppy eyes, then at Lucian.
She knew that Roxanne would continue to avoid them as before after the play.
Her eyes turned red as she looked at the two adults, who were silent.
Having spent time with Roxanne and the boys during this time, she felt even more reluctant to part ways with them.
She didn't want Roxanne to avoid them again.
At that thought, Estella grabbed the corner of Roxanne's clothes and pouted. "Ms. Jarvis..."
Looking at Estella's sorrowful look, Archie and Benny exchanged glances and felt sorry for her. "Mommy, let's go with Essie!"
Roxanne's heart was in turmoil. She raised her head and looked at Lucian, who was in front of her.
Lucian frowned and said coldly, "Ms. Jarvis, if you don't want to go with me, I can stay, but you'll have to take care of Essie."
Roxanne was slightly taken aback by Lucian's statement.
Estella turned around, grabbed the corner of Roxanne's clothes with one hand and Lucian's with the other, and choked out, "Together..."
She was about to break into tears.
Roxanne's heart ached. She gritted her teeth and remained silent for a few seconds. "Don't cry, Essie. I'll go with you."
As she spoke, she reached out and patted Estella's head.
Estella was still skeptical about it.
Roxanne had no other choice but to look at Lucian and ask, "When will you be free, Mr. Farwell?" 
###Chapter 532
When Estella saw Roxanne confirming a date with Lucian, she knew that Roxanne had agreed to go together, and her face lit up with excitement. Although there were still some tears in her eyes, she was smiling brightly.
Seeing that the children were so excited, Roxanne felt relieved and looked at Lucian indifferently.
Lucian said in a deep voice, "How about next weekend? Will you be free, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne nodded, and the two didn't say anything more.
After bidding Estella goodbye, Roxanne took Archie and Benny back home.
On the way home, the children called out to Roxanne, "Mommy."
Roxanne had yet to get over the incident during the play. When she heard the children's voices, she took a few seconds to respond. "What's wrong?"
Benny was about to speak, but feeling a little timid, he looked at Archie.
Meeting Benny's eyes, Archie nodded and asked, "Mommy, do you not want to go on
a vacation with Mr. Farwell?"
Having witnessed the kiss and noticed Roxanne's hesitation, they could more or less guess her thoughts.
Roxanne didn't know how to respond. Hence, she asked in return, "Why would you
say so?"
Archie and Benny looked at each other, and Archie answered, "You've been avoiding Mr. Farwell, and you promised to only chauffeur us until the end of the anniversary celebration. Is that not because you want to stay away from Mr. Farwell? When Essie invited us, you were hesitant as well."
Roxanne looked at the children in the backseat through the rearview mirror and felt distressed.
They could not have been any more na?ve when they were watching the play earlier, yet now they were so clever.
Before she could speak, Benny added, "Mommy, your nose will grow longer if you tell lies!"
Roxanne swallowed her words and went silent for a while before replying ambiguously, "Don't you want to go with Essie? Essie wants to go with her daddy, so
we'll go together."
When they heard her answer, they finally understood.
Mommy didn't answer us directly. She must not want to be with Daddy. Mommy will most likely continue to avoid Daddy in the future. If that happens, Essie will not see Mommy again...
At that thought, the boys secretly came to a decision. They wanted to treat Estella better and let her spend more time with Roxanne during the vacation.
Roxanne was oblivious to their plan. However, she was glad that they weren't asking any more questions.
Back at the mansion, Lysa had already prepared dinner and was waiting for them to come home.
Lysa welcomed their return with a smile. "How was the play today?"
Roxanne, who had finally put the play behind her, became moody again when Lysa brought up the topic. Archie and Benny glanced at Roxanne cautiously, knowing that she was disturbed by the kiss on the stage. Seeing that they did not answer for a long time, Lysa asked in concern, "What's wrong? Did it not go well?"
With that, she noticed the contorted expression on their faces. Just as she wanted to comfort them, the boys beamed. "We won the first prize!" Lysa couldn't help but feel puzzled when she heard the children.
They won the first prize, but what's with their expressions? Roxanne, especially, seemed a little unhappy.
Afraid that Lysa would ask about the play again, the children quickly pushed her to the living room. "Ms. Lane, we're hungry!"
Lysa quickly nodded and led them to the dining room. 
###Chapter 533
Meanwhile, while Lucian and Estella were on their way back, Estella had mixed feelings written all over her face.
She was happy that Roxanne could go on the hot spring vacation with them.
However, Roxanne's attitude gave her the impression that she would definitely avoid them as she had before.
When she thought of that, she began to feel sad.
Naturally, Lucian, too, thought of Roxanne's attitude after that, and his face turned cold.
Estella was utterly depressed when they returned to the manor.
During dinner, she would glance at Lucian from time to time, hoping he would say something
After all, Roxanne's intention was to avoid Lucian.
There was even a hint of resentment in Estella's eyes.
When he finally noticed Estella's gaze, Lucian raised his eyebrows and put some food on her plate.
The resentment that Estella had in her eyes turned to confusion.
"Essie, why do you want Ms. Jarvis to go on the hot spring vacation together?" Lucian asked in a deep voice.
Estella pursed her lips and said seriously, "I want to be with Ms. Jarvis!"
Lucian nodded in acknowledgment. He thought of Estella's performance in the past few days and smiled. "Then do you want to be closer with Ms. Jarvis?"
Without hesitation, Estella answered loudly, "Yes!"
"Then you'll sleep with Ms. Jarvis during the hot spring vacation. Are you okay with that?" Lucian looked at Estella.
Estella nodded eagerly.
Roxanne smelled great and pleasant. Also, she would tell Estella bedtime stories. She was Estella's favorite person to sleep with.
However, Estella was suspicious when Lucian said that. "But can 1? Ms. Jarvis is.."
Ms. Jarvis only agreed to come along to the hot spring because she pitied me. She clearly wants to stay away from Daddy and only rehearsed because she had no choice. She'll probably still keep her distance from us this time....
Lucian could tell Estella's concerns and smiled reassuringly. "Ms. Jarvis likes you a lot. As long as you ask, she won't refuse."
Estella tilted her head in confusion.
When I invited Ms. Jarvis, she only agreed to come when I was about to cry.
Lucian's eyes turned dark. He continued to explain, “Ms. Jarvis just doesn't like being with me. If it's just you, she will definitely say yes.”
Estella nodded obediently, indicating that she would tell Roxanne.
However, she still had some concerns. "Daddy, will Ms. Jarvis ignore us after the hot spring vacation?"
Estella could still remember the feeling when Roxanne had avoided her and felt sad when she thought about it.
Lucian frowned and said, "That depends on you."
Daddy said the same thing as before.
Estella pouted. I've been trying my best recently, but Ms. Jarvis still wants to avoid us after the play. It clearly depends on Daddy! I'm not the one Ms. Jarvis doesn't like.
At that thought, Estella didn't agree with Lucian. Instead, she stared at him resentfully.
Her inner feeling was written all over her face.
Looking at Estella's expression, Lucian did not know whether to laugh or cry. He nodded and said, "Okay, I'll do my best too, all right?"
Only then did Estella nod in satisfaction. 
###Chapter 534
Early in the morning that weekend, Roxanne had just woken up when she heard a knock at the door.
She didn't think much about it and thought it was Archie and Benny who had come to wake her up. She rubbed her eyes and let them in.
Unexpectedly, when the door opened, she saw the three of them, Estella and the boys, standing at the door. Estella was wearing a pink skirt and carrying a small bag, looking particularly adorable. Roxanne was caught off guard when she saw her. She thought she was hallucinating because she didn't sleep well the night before.
The night before this, Roxanne had been brooding over the fact that she was about to go on the hot spring vacation with Lucian. She didn't even know when she finally fell asleep.
Although she had fallen asleep, she didn't sleep well and felt as if she was constantly in a dream.
Her mind was still a little hazy at that moment.
"Ms. Jarvis!" Estella greeted her from the door in her piping voice.
Roxanne finally returned to her senses and confirmed that Estella was indeed standing in front of her.
"Essie..." Roxanne got off the bed, walked toward Estella, and instinctively looked around the room. Lucian was nowhere to be seen. "Why are you here? Where's your daddy?" Estella pointed downstairs. "He's waiting downstairs!"
Roxanne's face turned a little red.
They had agreed to go to the hot springs together, yet she had only just woken up when Lucian had already arrived.
Given anyone else, they would definitely feel embarrassed about it.
Archie and Benny explained, "We heard a knock on the door and saw Essie, so we brought her up!"
As for Lucian, the boys had ignored him, knowing that he would follow them in by himself.
Roxanne patted their heads and said, "Okay. Go wait downstairs. Mommy will be ready in a bit."
The children nodded obediently, turned around, and went downstairs.
Watching them disappear down the corner of the stairs, Roxanne hit herself in the head in frustration and quickly got up to clean herself up.
Lysa had already prepared breakfast, and the children were already sitting obediently at the table when Roxanne finally got ready and walked down the stairs.
Roxanne looked around for Lucian, only to see him lounging on the couch in a casual coat, lost in his thoughts. He casually looked up when he heard her walking down the stairs. When their eyes met, Roxanne panicked.
Just as she was about to retract her gaze, Lucian said, "Ms. Jarvis, did you not sleep well last night?"
Hearing that, Roxanne instinctively touched the dark circles under her eyes.
When she was washing up and noticed something greenish around her eyes, she had put on light makeup to cover it up. Did I not cover it nicely?
In a gentle voice, Lucian added, "It's almost eight o'clock."
Her hand that was under her eye froze. Suppressing her embarrassment, she responded apologetically, "Sorry to keep you guys waiting."
Looking at how the woman was behaving, Lucian realized that she didn't sleep well last night and didn't say anything further.
Only when Roxanne finally walked down to the living room, sat by the dining table, and didn't hear a word from Lucian did she breathe a sigh of relief.
The children began to pile food on her plate the moment she sat down.
Seeing that Estella was eating with them, Roxanne asked with concern, "Essie, did you not eat in the morning?"
Estella nodded meekly.
She had been so excited to see Roxanne that she had urged Lucian to rush over as soon as she had gotten out of bed. 
###Chapter 535
"Daddy hasn't eaten either." Estella's mouth was stuffed with food as she pointed at Lucian on the couch.
Roxanne stiffened, and mixed feelings rose within her heart.
Upon consideration, she turned and looked at Lucian. "Mr. Farwell, come and join us if you haven't had breakfast. I think the hotel is pretty far away."
"Why, thank you, Ms. Jarvis," Lucian responded to her invitation and got up unhurriedly.
Lysa quickly prepared the cutleries for him and placed them opposite Roxanne.
After having a simple breakfast, they walked out of the house to the car and began their journey.
Roxanne was about to get in her car when she heard Lucian say, "Let's go in my car."
Roxanne stopped in her tracks and turned toward Lucian. "It's okay. I'll drive there with the children."
Hearing that, Archie and Benny ran to Roxanne's side.
Estella hesitated for a moment before turning back to hug Lucian's thigh.
She wanted to be with Roxanne, but she wanted Lucian to be with Roxanne even more.
If she followed, Roxanne would definitely not take Lucian's car.
Looking at the sensible Estella, Lucian raised his eyebrows discreetly and patted her head. Then, he said to Roxanne, "I think Essie wants to be with Archie and Benny too."
Roxanne looked at Estella. Just as she was about to invite Estella to join her, Lucian added, "Besides, the place is a popular resort, and it's a weekend today. There may not be any parking spots." "Ms, Jarvis..." Estella gave Roxanne a pitiful look.
Roxanne's heari melted, and she agreed.
Well, we have agreed to go together. There's no need to bother about such details.
Roxanne took the children to Lucian's car and wondered if she should take the
backseat with the children.
After all, she wasn't sure if the passenger seat was exclusive to Aubree.
Estella, who was in the car, noticed Roxanne's intentions and glanced at Lucian. Then, she said to Archie and Benny, "It's so cramped in here."
As soon as they heard her, the boys hurriedly scooted to both sides of the car.
Roxanne paused, knowing it wouldn't be nice of her to squeeze in with the children.
For a moment, the atmosphere was awkward.
Roxanne stood outside the car, glancing at the passenger seat and the expressionless Lucian.
"Ms. Jarvis, come on in," Estella urged innocently.
Roxanne forced a smile and nodded, then moved to the passenger seat and opened the door. "Can I sit here?"
Lucian looked over, frowning slightly. His voice was cold, and he seemed a little unhappy as he said, "Where else are you going to sit? It's getting late. If we don't leave now, I'm afraid there won't even be any parking space left."
He knew that Roxanne wanted to avoid him, but he didn't expect her to resist him to this extent.
There's only one seat left in the car, and she doesn't even want to sit next to me.
Lucian felt a burst of anger in his heart.
Roxanne, however, thought he was angry because she was wasting too much time, so she hurriedly got into the passenger seat.
As soon as she fastened her seat belt, he slowly started the car and drove toward the resort. 
###Chapter 536
On the way, the three cheerful children were constantly chatting in the backseat.
At first, Roxanne was a little restrained. However, after listening to the joyful voices of the children, she slowly put on a smile on her face. Once they arrived at the hotel, Roxanne got out of the car first and carried the children out of the backseat one by one.
The children held each other's hands and obediently followed the two adults into the hotel.
The hotel lobby was decorated magnificently. A fish tank in the corner caught their attention as soon as they walked into the hotel.
"It's beautiful!" Estella's eyes sparkled.
Roxanne followed her gaze, only to see a few tropical fish swimming in a colorful and eye-catching fish tank.
"Let's go and have a look!" Archie and Benny wanted to satisfy Estella's wish, so they led her to the fish tank. Looking at the children running around happily, Roxanne lifted her head to look at the man at the side. Lucian frowned and said in a deep voice, "You go with them. I'll get the rooms."
Roxanne hesitated for a moment before finally nodding her head. Then, she went after the children.
With a straight face, Lucian walked up to the front desk.
Roxanne caught up with the children and watched as they pointed at the fish in the fish tank. She felt gratified and couldn't help but take out her phone and snap a picture of the children with the tropical fishes. In the photo, the three children were smiling brightly, looking very innocent.
Roxanne looked at the photos on her phone and couldn't help chuckling. Then she stepped forward and stood behind them quietly.
"Look, Mommy, They're kissing!" Benny pointed at a pair of pink fish and looked back at Roxanne in excitement,
Roxanne looked over and saw a pair of kissing fish swimming together intimately.
It was Benny's first time seeing this kind of fish, and he was amazed. "Mommy, what kind of fish is this?"
Roxanne introduced the fish to them and said, "If you like them, we can raise some at home, but you have to take care of them."
The children nodded fervently.
After looking at the fish for a while, they turned around reluctantly.
When Roxanne led them to the front desk, the children kept looking back at the fish tank as they walked.
Seeing that Lucian was still standing at the front desk and frowning as if he had encountered a problem, Roxanne quickened her pace, walked up to him, and asked, "Have you not booked the rooms?" Lucian nodded slightly and gestured for her to look at the staff at the front desk.
"Hello, because of the peak season, there's only one presidential suite available in the hotel. Would you like to take it?" the staff asked as she looked at Roxanne respectfully.
Roxanne was stunned, and she couldn't help but stare at Lucian.
How can there be such a coincidence?
However, Lucian's stern expression made it difficult for her to suspect that he had anything to do with this matter. She had no choice but to believe that it was indeed a coincidence.
"I'm very sorry. If you had arrived ten minutes earlier, we would have two presidential suits available. There's only one left now," the staff said apologetically.
Hearing that, Roxanne felt a sudden sense of guilt. She felt it was because of her they couldn't get another room. 
###Chapter 537
Chapter 537 "Let's take this one," Lucian said.
Of course, he was asking for Roxanne's opinion.
Roxanne looked back at him with eyes filled with hesitation.
After all, the reason they couldn't get another room was mainly because of her.
However, the thought of being in the same room with Lucian was somewhat unacceptable to Roxanne.
"Or we could come back next week?" Roxanne asked hesitantly.
"Your vouchers are limited for a period of time. If you don't use them this week, they will be voided." Roxanne's eyes trembled, and she looked troubled.
Just when she was at a loss, Estella carefully tugged the hem of her clothes and said, "Ms. Jarvis..."
She looked up at her expectantly,
Roxanne's heart wavered.
Meanwhile, although Archie and Benny wanted to play with Estella, they knew that Roxanne might not be comfortable staying in the same room as Lucian. Hence, they stood quietly and waited for her to make her decision.
Lucian noticed her hesitation and frowned. "I asked. The presidential suite is a duplex. There are rooms upstairs and downstairs. If you're not used to it, we can just stay separately."
As he finished, he looked down at Estella.
Estella immediately understood and nodded vigorously. "We'll sleep upstairs, and Daddy will sleep downstairs!"
The staff chimed in as well, "Our presidential suite's well soundproofed. You won't disturb each other. It's like having separate rooms. Your vouchers also include the price of the accommodation, so you can experience staying in our presidential suite for free. I highly recommend that you take the presidential suite."
After listening to them, Roxanne could only purse her lips and agree.
Not knowing what Roxanne was feeling at that moment, Archie and Benny looked at each other with mixed feelings.
Estella, on the other hand, was filled with excitement. She looked at Lucian with glistening eyes.
Lucian patted her head and asked the staff to check them in.
After checking in, Lucian took them to the elevator.
As they got into the elevator, the staff at the front desk heaved a sigh of relief and wiped the cold sweat off her head.
Since the day she started her job, she had been told that Farwell Group owned the hotel
Therefore, when she saw Lucian at first glance, she immediately recognized him as the owner of the hotel.
Although there were still vacant rooms in the hotel, Lucian had hinted to her to tell Roxanne that only a presidential suite was left available. Hence, she could only comply with his wishes. Evidently, Lucian wanted to convince Roxanne to stay with him, and she could only help him to persuade her.
Fortunately, she didn't make any mistakes, and Roxanne decided to stay in the end.
Lucian took Roxanne and the three children to their room.
The presidential suite was on the top floor. The entrance was facing the elevator directly, which made it look extremely luxurious.
Although the children were young, they had seen a lot. Even so, they were amazed as soon as they pushed open the door to the presidential suite.
The decoration in the presidential suite was grand. There was a floor-to-ceiling window, and they could see the view of the mountains in the distance.
Roxanne stood behind the children, looking at their backs and the breathtaking scenery. The sight of such a heartwarming scene made her feel inexplicably relaxed. 
###Chapter 538
Lucian knew Roxanne was uneasy about his presence, so he went straight to the couch and quietly read his emails right after he entered the room.
Roxanne was playing with the children when a few knocks on the door grabbed her attention. She got up and went to get the door.
When she pulled the door open, she saw two waiters pushing a cart, and beside them stood a man who seemed to be the manager. The man was looking at her respectfully. Roxanne was puzzled about the crowd outside her door since they did not order any room service. She instinctively turned to glance at the man sitting quietly on the couch. "Good afternoon. I'm the manager of the hotel, and this is the lunch included in your vouchers. Enjoy your meal," the manager said with a courteous smile. Comprehension dawned on Roxanne. She immediately thanked the manager and stood aside to let the waiters push the cart into the room.
Roxanne called the children over to have lunch after the waiters had set up the table.
Lucian, however, was still seated on the couch, going through his emails with a deadpan expression.
Upon deliberation, Roxanne went up to him and said, "Mr. Farwell, come and have lunch with us."
Lucian lifted his head at her invitation. She got up from the couch and sat beside Estella at the table.
With Estella sitting between them, Roxanne didn't feel as uncomfortable.
However, recalling that their outing was to accompany the children, she didn't want to be a wet blanket. Hence, she suppressed the uneasiness within her and focused on the children.
"Eat, Ms. Jarvis." Estella clumsily speared some of the food and placed them on Roxanne's and Lucian's plates with a bright smile.
Seeing her enthusiasm, Roxanne couldn't help but giggle. "Thank you, Essie. But you don't have to look after me. You should eat more instead."
Estella's body had always been weak, and Roxanne was worried.
Estella nodded obediently, then flashed Roxanne a toothy smile. "I'll eat! You eat too, Ms. Jarvis!"
Roxanne ruffled Estella's hair with a chuckle.
Archie and Benny followed suit by scooping food for Roxanne and Estella. They even advised Estella, saying, "You can only grow taller if you eat more." Estella nodded obediently.
The atmosphere among the quartet was harmonious. Lucian, on the other hand, was like a stranger at the table.
Noticing the man's silence, Roxanne hesitated for a while before scooping some food onto his plate. "Thank you for bringing us here this morning, Mr. Farwell."
Since they came together, Roxanne didn't want to spoil the mood.
There was a flicker in Lucian's eyes, and he smiled at Roxanne. "Don't worry about it. I should thank you for agreeing to share a room with us, Ms. Jarvis. Otherwise, Essie would've been disappointed." Estella nodded at the cue.
Roxanne smiled faintly in response to Lucian's words.
Archie and Benny looked at Roxanne, then at Lucian, confused.
Mommy doesn't like Daddy, no? Why did she scoop some food for Daddy, then? Were we wrong about Mommy hating Daddy?
They exchanged glances and scooped some food for Roxanne and Lucian after a brief hesitation. After that, they cautiously looked at Lucian from the corner of their eyes.
Seeing that, Lucian arched his brow in surprise and said, "Thank you." 
###Chapter 539
After lunch, the children made a fuss about going out to play.
Roxanne knew staying in the hotel room was boring for them, so she agreed to take them out.
The resort they stayed at was famous in Horington. Roxanne didn't forget to grab a travel booklet when they passed by the front desk.
The children were fighting to look at it.
Roxanne gave them the booklet and left them to decide on the destination.
"Let's visit the marine park.".
The children were still mulling over the options when Lucian's deep voice sounded from behind them.
Roxanne and the children were stunned by the sudden suggestion.
It was the first time Lucian had spoken since morning, and it was to give them suggestions on where to go.
Roxanne snapped out of her daze and eyed Lucian in confusion.
Meeting her gaze, Lucian said casually, "I've been here before. The marine park is a good place for them to visit. Don't they like looking at fish?" Roxanne was stunned again.
So he noticed the children admiring the fish in the fish tank when he went to the front desk to reserve the room this morning?
Lucian looked down at the children, waiting for them to decide silently.
The children flipped through the booklet and turned to the page with information about the marine park.
After a short discussion, the children came to a decision. "Let's visit the marine park, then!"
Roxanne agreed and brought the children to the marine park.
As the resort was right by the beach, the size of the marine park was massive and so was its fish collection,
The children had an affinity for anything colorful. They were so amazed at the fish in the viewing area that they couldn't bring themselves to walk away.
Estella's eyes sparkled as she watched the beluga whales swimming in the water through the glass. Hoping to feel the elegant creature, she touched the glass with her fingers.
As though the beluga whales could sense her intention, they swam to her side when they saw her fingers.
Suddenly, three beluga whales were swimming in front of her.
Estella's eyes brightened, and she couldn't help plastering her face to the glass.
The next second, a beluga whale landed a kiss on her cheek through the glass.
Seeing that, Roxanne reached for her phone and snapped a photo of Estella with a smile.
Lucian's heart warmed when she took in Estella's and Roxanne's expressions.
Benny was fascinated by Estella's interaction with the whale.
When he finally withdrew his gaze and turned to the tank in front of him, he saw a
shark swimming toward him with a wide open jaw.
Benny screamed in fright, turned around, and ran away, hiding behind Lucian, who was closest to him, his fingers gripping the hem of Lucian's shirt. Lucian's heart lurched when he heard Benny's scream. When he turned to look, he saw Benny racing toward him in fear.
Amusement flashed across Lucian's eyes, but he didn't say anything and let Benny continue to use him as a shield.
Once Benny calmed down, he belatedly realized that he had hidden behind Lucian and seemed to have heard the man chuckle. Benny's cheeks turned red. He instantly released his grip and walked away from Lucian, acting as though nothing had happened. 
###Chapter 540
At the side, Roxanne had also heard Benny's screams, but by the time she turned, it was too late. The boy had already sought refuge behind Lucian.
The sight of the smile on that man's face while the two of them were together left Roxanne with mixed feelings.
As much as she had done for the children, certain forms of security were something only a father could provide. Oblivious to her sentiments, the boy excitedly tugged at her as he wanted her to admire the fish alongside him. Out of nowhere, a mermaid dove from above and waved at them through the glass.
Wide-eyed, the boys asked Roxanne, "Is this real, Mommy?"
Amused by their innocence, Roxanne patted them on the head. "Of course not, but she does look pretty, though."
"Could you dress up like a mermaid too, Mommy?" Benny looked at Roxanne in anticipation
Taken by surprise at first, Roxanne then went on to explain smilingly, "Well, I could, but I think that'd be a paid program."
When the children heard her saying that she could, they stared at her with wide eyes as though that would make her agree to get into the water.
Meeting their eyes, Roxanne kicked herself for having said that. Had she been alone with them, she certainly would not have minded going in for the children's amusement.
The issue for her was that Lucian was also around.
Although Lucian had not spoken much along the way, she still could not overlook the fact of his presence, and the notion of having to masquerade as a mermaid in front of him made her feel quite conflicted inside.
"Ms. Jarvis." Estella cautiously tugged at her sleeve with a hopeful look on her own face,
Considering how good that mermaid she just saw looked despite not being as pretty as Roxanne, she was convinced that Roxanne would surely look even more beautiful in the same getup. Roxanne's dilemma was palpable on her face.
Oblivious to her reservations, Archie and Benny, too, looked at their own mother expectantly.
Just as Roxanne was hesitating, one of the crew members approached them.
"We're running an event that offers our visitors the experience of dressing up in our mermaid costume for free. Might you be interested to participate? I think you'd look absolutely smashing in it." The children's eyes lit up when they heard that.
Sensing their eyes on her, Roxanne found it hard to say no.
Lucian came up to them. "Go on ahead. I'll watch over them."
He spoke as though she had already agreed to do it.
Seeing how Roxanne remained unresponsive to Lucian's words for some time, the crew member took her silence for consent and went on to half-nudge her toward the changing room.
Thinking that since she had already stuck one foot in, Roxanne decided to work with the crew member despite her own continued hesitance. She went on and got changed and, with the crew's guidance, slowly went down into the water.
The children sat docilely beside Lucian with their heads raised to watch the space above them.
It did not take long before Roxanne showed up donning a slivery blue fishtail. A brilliant gleam of light was reflected off her body as she swam steadily toward them, making her appear as though she was really some mysterious mermaid that hailed from the bottom of the sea.
Her appearance had the children rushing forward elatedly to the front of the glass.
There Roxanne was, smiling and waving at them.
Lucian stood behind the children and regarded the swimming woman on the opposite side with an unfathomable gaze.
All around them, tourists marveled at the sight of such a lovely mermaid as they thought Roxanne was one of the staff who worked there. 
###Chapter 541
Not exactly a strong swimmer, Roxanne did just enough for the children's entertainment. Then, under the guidance of the crew, she returned to the surface to take a quick shower. Subsequently, she changed back into her own clothes before she made her way out.
Led by Lucian, the children were already waiting for her outside the changing room.
Once they caught sight of her, they eagerly jumped at her, exclaiming, "You looked so nice just now, Mommy!"
Mesmerized, Estella looked fixedly at Roxanne.
A genial Roxanne patted her children's heads. "Thank you for your compliments, Darlings."
"You looked very lovely indeed." Lucian's low voice rang out next to her ear.
Roxanne was taken by surprise as she had nearly forgotten about him, and for a moment, she was at a loss for how to react.
It was fortunate then that Lucian was not expecting a response from her. "Take care of the kids. I have to step away for a bit."
Regaining her composure, Roxanne nodded in acknowledgment.
Upon gaining her consent, Lucian turned around and left.
There was a hint of suspicion in Roxanne's eyes as she watched him depart, and she wondered what he was leaving to do.
Lucian only returned after she took the children for a second go around at the marine park.
By that time, the sky had darkened, and the children were all hungry.
Recalling the mention of a restaurant in the vicinity in the booklet, Roxanne proceeded to take them there.
A waiter approached to serve them the moment they stepped through the doors.
Seeing that they had arrived together, he naturally assumed that they were a family. "Welcome. We have a family suite available, so please follow me." Roxanne was rightly astounded when she heard that.
A family suite... Apparently, he's mistaken.
As they had already arrived outside the suite, it occurred to Roxanne that it might come across as a little rude to abruptly attempt to explain her way out of it. Hence, she held her silence.
The elegant interiors of the suite were also done up in the same style as the rest of the marine park, and the room itself was furnished with some toys that were suitable for the children to play with. Once inside, the children made a dash for the toys, leaving the two grownups behind.
After she took a quick look over to ascertain the safety of the space, Roxanne left the children to play on their own while she went on to order food alongside Lucian.
Shortly after, their orders were tabled, and the children were obediently back in their seats.
"You guys must be here on a family vacation, yes?" The waiter did not leave immediately, and instead, enthusiastically forwarded some recommendations. "A fireworks show is going to be staged here tonight, so be sure to go and check it out if you guys are interested."
Roxanne was about to explain that they were not a family when the rapturous cheers from the young ones cut her off.
"Fireworks, Mommy! We have to go and see it!" Benny grabbed her sleeve with eyes aglow.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne had no choice but to choke back the words she had back down her own throat.
"Your kids are so adorable. That fireworks display tonight will be perfect for you and your kids!" The waiter beamed in a way that was almost emotional.
Estella, too, regarded her own father imploringly, to which Lucian responded with a slight nod. "Thank you. We'll consider it."
His demeanor was almost tantamount to an admission that they belonged to the same family
Roxanne frowned. She was about to say something in reply, but the friendly waiter had already stepped away.
"Come on, Mommy! Let's go see it!" Archie begged.
Roxanne had only kept quiet because the waiter had mistaken them for a family. With the departure of the latter went any chance for clarification, her silence evolved into consent toward her children's request. 
###Chapter 542
After dinner, the lot of them headed directly to the beach to await the commencement of the fireworks display.
Illuminated by the light of the moon, the ripples upon the surface of the sea sparkled like glitter-a picture of perfect tranquility.
Although the beach was quite packed, there was not much noise.
Immersed in such a setting, the masses sat around and indulged themselves in infrequent bits of quiet conversations.
With one hand holding Estella and the other on Benny, Roxanne weaved her way through the crowd while Lucian followed behind them.
Being surrounded by so many bodies, Roxanne could not help but worry about the little ones and was hoping to find a more secluded spot where they could stay.
As the beach grew increasingly populated, it drew a frown from Lucian who called out to the quartet ahead of him. "Come to Daddy, Essie."
He was wary of Roxanne's way of herding the children and was afraid that Benny, who was occupying the fringes, would get lost in the crowd.
Estella's unwillingness to comply was written all over her face. She held on fast to Roxanne's hand and refused to let go.
With a slightly more solemn look, Lucian reiterated what he said previously, "There are too many people here. Come over to Daddy and let me take you."
The little girl stubbornly shook her head because she wanted to stick close to Roxanne and the boys.
Observing the stalemate, Roxanne felt sorry for the little girl. "I'll look after her. Just keep an eye out for us from the rear," she said in a gentle tone.
Hearing Roxanne's words made the girl smile from ear to ear.
Lucian's eyes darkened, and he went silent for a while before he quietly assented.
En route, Lucian kept pace with the four in front of him. His eyes were focused and vigilant on the off chance that any of the children were to become separated from the group
"Sir, Madam, how about some toys for your children!" said a toy vendor who came up to them to hawk his wares,
Forced to stop, Roxanne politely declined, "No, thank you."
With that, she tried to guide the children around him, but the persistent vendor went on to impcde their advancement from the front.
Having both hands tied down by the children and surrounded by so many people around them, Roxanne could not be expected to free up her hands to make payment. Hence, the irate woman could only turn him down.
The children, who preferred to let their eyes wander all around them, did not mind that either.
Just as Roxanne was driven to the point of exasperation, the man behind them had already stepped up to the fore without her noticing.
"We're not interested in buying anything." The poker-faced Lucian regarded the vendor icily.
He was nearly a full head taller than his counterpart; he left the vendor doubtlessly dumbstruck
It took a moment before the latter replied sheepishly, "Sorry to bother you.
With that, the man promptly turned and vanished into the crowd.
Roxanne exhaled in relief. She was about to lead the children onward when she heard Archie's fretful child-like voice. "Mommy!"
Her heart tensed up when she heard the boy's voice.
"Benny's gone, Mommy!" The overwrought boy clutched her hand with the inside of his palms slicked with sweat.
He distinctly recalled holding his younger brother's hand, but in retrospect, he had no idea when exactly his own brother went missing.
Roxanne's heart started racing, and she stopped in her tracks when she heard that. Regardless, she suppressed the perturbation she felt inside and promptly followed up with Archie, "Calm down, now. Could you tell Mommy when Benny go missing?"
Shaken up from self-reproach, the anxious boy shook his head. "I don't know..."
The look on the liule chap caused the color to drain from Roxanne's face.
"I think that might have happened during the time I was talking to that man back there," came Lucian's voice from beside her. 
###Chapter 543
Roxanne turned to look at him with an awful expression on her face.
"I had my eyes on them just now. Benny was still there before I engaged the vendor," Lucian said.
That might suggest that Benny could not have gone very far.
"I'll go take a look around," a frowning Roxanne said in distress.
"I'll come too!" Archie quickly chimed in.
Feeling responsible for losing sight of his own brother, he thus felt obliged to help locate him.
Seeing that Archie and Roxanne were so agitated, Estella promptly said, "I want to come along too!"
Without time to overthink it, Roxanne intended to lead the children out on a search.
They had only taken two steps when Lucian stopped them. "Take the kids and wait outside. I'll look around here."
Roxanne wanted to reject that proposal.
"Benny has already gone missing, and it's crowded here. Surely you don't want Archie and Essie to get lost as well, do you?" Lucian regarded her in earnest. Hearing that made Roxanne hesitate.
With his deep voice, Lucian offered some words of consolation, "It's quite costly to holiday at this resort, so you can be sure that no one here will harbor designs on your boy. We need only to worry about whether Benny will be able to take care of himself."
Roxanne lowered her gaze in a bid to calm herself before she gave Lucian an affirmative nod. "Please help me find him."
Lucian acknowledged her before turning around to wade into the crowd, whereas Roxanne squeezed her way out with the children in tow.
"Does Benny have his watch on, Mommy?" reminded Archie when they arrived somewhere with fewer people around.
Roxanne lowered her eyes to regard the boy who pointed at the watch around his own wrist.
Those watches that each brother possessed could pinpoint their own location via GPS.
Roxanne became deeply annoyed with herself that in her disquietude, she had allowed such an important matter to slip her mind.
When she recovered her composure, she immediately pulled out her phone to track her younger son's position.
After a series of operations, she saw that the positional marker indicated that the watch was inside the hotel and had not moved an inch since.
Benny did not put it on when we came out today because he was apparently too lazy.
Staring at the red marker on the screen, Roxanne could not prevent her own eyes from reddening
It was the first time something of that sort had happened since Benny was raised in her care.
Despite Lucian's assurances that there would not likely be anyone with criminal intent against children present there, Roxanne could not repress her own worries. Benny must be so afraid to be separated from us...
Seeing that his own mother was on the verge of tears, Archie bowed his head in contrite. "I'm so sorry, Mommy. It's my fault for failing to take care of Benny..."
Looking down at Archie beside her, Roxanne suppressed the uneasiness she felt inside and patted the boy's head reassuringly. "It's not your fault. It's mine. I'm the one who failed to take care of you guys."
She would never have allowed the children to be brought into such a crowded area had she known any better. But at that point, it was too late for regrets.
Estella was very worried about Benny as well. Seeing Roxanne and Archie feeling so down, the girl blinked and lightly tugged at the corner of Roxanne's top.
Roxanne turned to look, only to see a concerned-looking Estella stand with her arms spread wide. "Hug me, Ms. Jarvis!"
Roxanne felt her heart ache. She squatted down and pulled both kids into her arms, tears welling up in her eyes.
"Don't be sad, Ms. Jarvis, Daddy will find Benny!" Estella did her utmost to try to comfort Roxanne.
Patting Estella on the head, Roxanne quietly nodded, for she feared that she might
sound nasal if she tried to speak. 
###Chapter 544
Chapter 544 Lucian's face gradually turned grim, as he could not locate Benny after searching the crowd alone.
Although he was certain no one there would harbor ill intent toward Benny, he could not help feeling worried at that moment.
"Sir..." The toy vendor shuffled over again.
Upon seeing Lucian's face, the vendor stopped talking abruptly.
Inexplicably, he felt that the aura enveloping Lucian's body was immensely intimidating as if Lucian was about to swallow him whole.
Upon regaining his senses, the vendor cleared his throat and attempted to leave as if nothing had happened.
However, just as he turned on his heel, a large hand seized his shoulder.
Needless to say, that hand belonged to Lucian.
The vendor's heart trembled. He carefully turned his head around. "Sir, h-how may I help you?"
Lucian stared at him coldly.
Benny would not have gone missing if it wasn't for this person's sudden appearance.
The vendor developed goosebumps all over his body under Lucian's intense gaze, and he could do nothing but wait for Lucian to speak.
"When you tried to sell us the toys earlier, did you see where the little boy on the far side went?" Lucian questioned him coolly.
The vendor trembled uncontrollably after hearing that. He replied in a quavering voice, "N-No, I didn't see where he went."
Lucian's gaze darkened. His voice sounded more stern than before. "You can get lost now. Don't ever think of reappearing in this resort."
With that, Lucian strode away without waiting for the vendor to say anything.
The vendor slowly returned to his senses. He was frightened by Lucian's words but did not take them seriously,
After all, Lucian looked no different from a tourist. He wondered who Lucian was to
decide whether he could reappear at the resort or not.
With that thought in his mind, he turned around, wanting to approach the rest of the crowd to sell his toys. Just then, a series of footsteps sounded behind him. The next second, a large hand clasped his shoulder.
"Excuse me. Our boss said that you are not welcome here."
A man's voice reverberated beside the vendor's ears.
Before the vendor could make sense of the turns of events, he was already being dragged away from the beach.
After Lucian's subordinates were done dealing with the vendor, they hastily dispersed themselves among the crowd to resume their search for Benny.
Earlier, they had received instructions from their superior informing them of the owner of the resort's dissatisfaction with that place.
The first issue was the vendor's presence, which disrupted the peace at the resort.
More importantly, the owner of the resort, Lucian, had so rarely visited the resort but proceeded to lose his child because of the overwhelming crowd.
Everyone had hurried over after they were made aware of Benny's disappearance. "I heard the child who went missing is a little boy, but I thought Mr. Farwell's child is a little girl?" one of the employees asked his colleague in bewilderment.
Another employee reminded, "Regardless of the child's gender, that child must be someone Mr. Farwell regards with utmost importance since he said so. We should hurry up and locate the child!". The employee who asked the question sheepishly agreed.
With the help of almost all the staff in the resort in conducting a search that lasted nearly half an hour, they finally found Benny at the ongoing band concert held in the middle of the beach.
Watching Benny standing beside the band, the employee could not help but feel uncertain if Benny was Lucian's missing child.
After all, Benny did not appear anxious. Instead, he was even eyeing the drum set of the band with eyes gleaming in excitement. The employee wondered if any child who got lost would behave in that manner.
After a few seconds of hesitation, he cautiously took a picture of Benny and sent it to
his superior.
He received a reply swiftly: Watch over that child closely. Mr. Farwell will be there at once! 
###Chapter 545
Meanwhile, Roxanne was getting impatient after waiting for a long time with Archie and Estella.
However, she had no choice but to wait in distress because she was worried about Archie and Estella whenever she recalled Lucian's words.
Suddenly, her phone vibrated.
Roxanne frowned and instantly picked up the call without hesitation.
"We found Benny. He's watching the band's performance. I've already instructed someone to keep an eye on him. Come over." Lucian's deep voice sounded.
Roxanne felt relieved after hearing that. She immediately expressed her gratitude. "Thank you. I'll be there immediately."
On the other end of the line, Lucian grunted in response before hanging up the call and hurrying to Benny's location first.
"Have they found Benny?" Archie asked carefully after taking in his mother's expression.
Roxanne nodded slightly and flashed a reassuring smile at him.
Archie appeared more agitated than his mother. "Let's hurry up and find Benny! He's alone. He must be scared out of his wits!"
Archie tugged at Roxanne's hand as he spoke.
Roxanne was eager to check on Benny's condition too, but she did not forget Archie and Estella's presence as she reminded, "You two must hold my hands tightly later. Don't wander off and get lost like Benny."
Archie and Estella agreed obediently.
Only then did Roxanne lead them toward the crowd.
The venue of the band's performance was easy to find, but it was a challenge to reach there because of the dense crowd. With much effort, Roxanne finally pushed her way through the throng.
Lucian was waiting for their arrival at the outer edge of the crowd. He hastily strode forward in Roxanne's direction when he saw her bringing Archie and Estella over. Then he reached out to hold Estella's hand This time, Estella did not refuse him and compliantly held his hand.
"Where's Benny?" Archie gazed at Lucian in perturbation.
Lucian gestured for them to look at the band.
Roxanne and the two kids saw that Benny had taken over the drummer's position. The latter was focusing on hitting the drums, seemingly in the groove, while wearing a cool facial expression. The people in the surroundings were engaged in a heated discussion about Benny.
"Where did this child come from? Is he the missing child the resort staff is looking for? How can he be so good at playing the drums at such a young age?".
"He's so cute and cool. I wonder whose child is this? His parents are so blessed!"
Compliments about Benny reverberated in the air.
Roxanne's tense emotion gradually relaxed when she looked at Benny's serious demeanor while listening to the praises from the crowd. She even felt a hint of contentment rose within her. Others might not know it, but Roxanne was well aware that Archie and Benny were much smarter than their peers since they were little.
Archie and Benny also had plenty of hobbies.
Roxanne had always allowed her children to do as they pleased, sending them to any lessons they were interested in.
Benny had started learning to play the drums at three years old.
The music instructor had commended Benny for having talent for playing the drums a few months into the course.
In fact, that was the first time Roxanne had seen Benny collaborating with a band, and that was also when she truly realized his capabilities.
Onstage, all the other members of the band were regarding Benny with an astonished expression too.
They had caught sight of Benny observing their performance, and the latter had been staring intently at the drum set.
The members of the band thought Benny was adorable, and they were merely putting on a casual performance that day, so they invited Benny up on the stage to be their drummer.
Assuming Benny was just keen to try out the drums in curiosity, the band members had already mentally prepared themselves to be embarrassed.
Unexpectedly, Benny was able to keep up with their tempo. Although there were some minor errors, his standards far surpassed the band members' expectations.
Following a drum beat by Benny, the fireworks show officially began. 
###Chapter 546
The colorful and dazzling fireworks emblazoned the sky.
Everyone simultaneously quieted down and looked up at the scenic view of the night sky.
At that instant, only the music played by the band echoed on the beach.
Seemingly to coordinate with the tranquil ambiance, the band members tacitly switched the song they were playing to a more relaxing piece.
Benny paused for a few seconds before slowly catching up with the band's rhythm.
Holding Archie's hand, Roxanne gazed up at the bursting fireworks in the sky. Then she turned her attention back to Benny, who was playing the drums. A heartfelt grin spread across her face.
Beside Roxanne, Estella grasped her father's hand and jumped on the spot, wanting to get a clearer view of the fireworks display.
Estella was too short. The horde of onlookers clouded her field of vision when she gazed up.
Lucian glanced downward at Estella before slightly bending down his body. Then, he carried her in his arm and placed her on his shoulder.
Estella's eyes shone as she appreciated the beauty of the fireworks in the sky.
Meanwhile, Archie was unable to see the fireworks too. A hint of disappointment flashed across his eyes when he saw Estella sitting on Lucian's shoulder.
If Daddy had not abandoned Mommy and us, perhaps Benny and I could also sit on his shoulder...
Roxanne sensed Archie's dejection. She scanned her surroundings with a troubled look on her face. "Archie, can you not see the fireworks?"
Although Archie was crestfallen, he shook his head sensibly. "I can see some of it. It's all right, Mommy."
Roxanne was reminded of the anticipatory look on Archie's petite face when he heard about the fireworks display in the afternoon. At the sight of his thoughtful and acquiescent demeanor at that moment, she could not help feeling pangs of heartache and guilt.
If it weren't for my selfish decision, perhaps Archie and Benny would live a more blissful life
now.
Archie sensed Roxanne's remorse. He grabbed her hand and comforted her, "We'll come here again and watch the fireworks next time. I'm very happy that we can find Benny this time."
With that, he curved his lips and beamed at his mother as if to prove that he was truly fine.
Roxanne's feelings of guilt intensified.
"Come here. I'll carry you." Lucian's deep voice sounded from atop.
Archie subconsciously gazed up and met Lucian's eyes, which were brimming with tenderness.
Seeing that, Archie hesitated and turned to look at Roxanne to ask for her opinion.
Roxanne frowned and scrupled for a few moments before taking a step back to make way for Lucian. "Thank you, Mr. Farwell."
She had caused Archie and Benny to be left out from indulging in fatherly affection for so many years. Although they had yet to realize their relationship with Lucian, Roxanne could not bring herself to deprive Archie and Benny of the opportunity to enjoy paternal love anymore.
Archie's eyes gleamed when he saw his mother agreeing. Still, he hesitated when he looked at Lucian.
Archie knew Roxanne did not fancy Lucian, so he could not shake off the feeling that he was betraying his mother if he allowed Lucian to carry him.
"If you don't hurry up, the fireworks display will end soon," Lucian reminded with his brows raised after taking in Archie's ambivalence.
A
Roxanne gave her son a reassuring look. "Let Mr. Farwell lift you so you can see the fireworks."
Upon hearing that, Archie finally stretch out his hand in Lucian's direction.
With one hand supporting Estella, who was sitting on one side of his shoulder, Lucian leaned sideways slightly and placed Archie on the other side of his shoulder effortlessly
LER
That was the first time Archie had sat in such a high position. A look of pleasant surprise spread across his face as he gazed down and noticed a sea of heads covered in black hair. He looked up again at the night sky when the sound of fireworks exploding rang beside his ears. 
###Chapter 547
The brilliant lights of the fireworks seemed exceptionally mesmerizing when viewed from the reflections in the kids' eyes.
Roxanne stood carefully beside Lucian while gazing up at the night sky. Nevertheless, she constantly glanced at Archie and Estella from the corner of her eye, fearing they might fall from Lucian's shoulders. Fortunately, both of them were safe until the end of the fireworks show.
Archie felt slightly reluctant to get down afterward because that was the first time he had sat on his father's shoulder. However, he did not reveal his emotions. Instead, he submissively allowed Lucian to put him down on the floor and thanked the latter politely, "Thank you, Mr. Farwell.".
Lucian merely nodded in response without saying a word.
The crowd was still immersed in the romantic atmosphere of the fireworks show.
Suddenly, the band onstage went silent.
Roxanne had been keeping an eye on Benny's whereabouts, so she had instantaneously noticed the changes on the stage and shifted her gaze in that direction.
She saw Benny stepping out from behind the drum set and standing in the middle of the stage while holding a microphone.
As if to help Benny, the guitarist casually plucked the strings on his guitar to attract everyone's attention to the stage.
"Ahem. Everyone, please listen to this little boy. He has a favor to ask from all of you." The lead singer cleared his voice and requested for the audience to hear Benny out.
Hearing that, Roxanne and the others could already guess what Benny was about to say.
Staring at his solemn expression onstage, Roxanne felt contented and even teared up a little,
"Hello, everyone. My name is Benny." The little boy's childish voice magnified and resonated throughout the venue as he spoke into the microphone.
Benny did not appear nervous or afraid despite facing the huge crowd.
"I came here to watch the fireworks show with my mommy and brother, but I
LOTTAK
accidentally got lost because there were too many people just now. If anyone sees someone looking for a child, please help me inform my mommy that I'm here. My mommy is very pretty, so it will be easy to identify her!"
Benny contemplated briefly after saying that. Then, he added, "Perhaps there will be an uncle searching for me too. Everyone can also tell him that I'm here. He's distinguishable too because he is very tall and handsome. There are also two children around my age beside them."
Roxanne was amused by Benny's description of them.
Even Lucian wore a faint smile as he listened to Benny's speech.
Perhaps the four of them were too eye-catching. Soon, people were turning their heads in Roxanne, Lucian, and the two kids' direction.
Benny also noticed them, and when he spotted Roxanne, he held the microphone and called out in excitement, "Mommy!"
The crowd made way for Roxanne and the others to reach Benny's side.
"Mommy!"
Benny jogged over happily with the microphone in his hand when he saw Roxanne.
She bent down while beaming and pulled Benny into her embrace. "You scared me, Benny. Luckily, you're so smart."
Benny gently patted his mother's back and said, "I'm sorry, Mommy. But don't worry about me because I'm very smart. I will not follow the bad guys."
When Benny realized he had gotten lost just now, he had immediately run toward the band, following the music, because he thought he would be safer there. He had planned on borrowing the microphone from the band to find Roxanne.
Fortunately, the band members were kind and friendly. After they had been made aware of Benny's situation, they had agreed to his request with alacrity.
Benny turned on his heels and sensibly expressed his gratitude to the band members. "Thank you all."
They responded with a smile. "You're welcome. We're glad as long as you are safely reunited with your family."
The band members even added a friendly reminder to Roxanne, "Your son is very gifted in music. If you can afford it, we suggest you send him to a music academy to receive proper lessons." Roxanne grinned in agreement. 
###Chapter 548
Chapter 548
"I'm sorry, Benny," Archie apologized to his brother when the crowd shifted their attention away from them. "It was my fault for not holding your hand tightly enough that you got lost in the crowd."
Benny gazed at his brother and said casually, "It wasn't your fault, Archie, it's too crowded here. Besides, I wasn't lost, and it was fun playing the drums, anyway!"
Archie frowned for several seconds before nodding slowly. "I will hold your hand tightly next time," he promised, "and never allow something like this to happen again."
Benny nodded vigorously as he squeezed his brother's hand.
Estella came over to join the fun. "Me too! I'll hold both your hands!"
The little girl clutched Benny's hand as she spoke.
Touched to see the three children walking hand in hand with similarly solemn expressions, Roxanne smiled gratefully. "Come, Benny," she said gently. "Thank Mr. Farwell."
Benny appeared to be surprised by her words.
"Mr. Farwell was the one who found you," Roxanne said.
The boy glanced up at the man before him.
As Lucian was standing with his back against the moonlight, Benny could not see his expression at that moment.
Nevertheless, the boy obeyed his mather by expressing his gratitude. "Thank you, Mr. Farwell.
Lucian nodded noncommittally. "No problem. You were clever enough to wait here."
The boy was taken aback by his father's compliment. He stroked his nose awkwardly.
The crowd on the beach thinned out after the fireworks show.
Despite Roxanne's reservations, she took the children for a walk at the beach, considering that they might be still fearful.
The weather was lovely, and the water was placid. As the children wanted to go to the beach, Roxanne let go of their hands and allowed them to run toward the shore while she waited on the side.
Lucian stood next to her without a word.
After watching the children for a long time and ensuring that there was no danger, Roxanne turned to face him.
"We only found Benny because of you, Mr. Farwell. Thank you."
Lucian met her eyes with his unfathomable ones and chuckled. "There's no need to thank me. Benny is a smart kid." Lucian had been shocked when he heard Benny's words. He did not expect the child to be that clever.
The boy would have found us if we did not find him first.
Roxanne smiled faintly. "If you hadn't found him, I don't know how long I would have had to keep worrying."
Lucian's eyes grew dim as a twinge of annoyance flitted across his heart.
Sometimes, the two boys are more than this woman can handle alone.
He did not dare imagine what would have become of Roxanne if he had not been there that night.
Would she drag Archie through the crowd? What would she do if she lost him as well?
Lucian's hatred for the boys' biological father flared when he thought of that.
Not knowing what was on his mind, Roxanne did not bother carrying on the conversation when Lucian did not reply. Instead, she turned away to gaze at the children who were playing.
The moonlight shrouded the ocean surface and the silhouettes of the children in a silvery light. From afar, they looked like faeries who had descended into the world.
###Chapter 549
"Archie..." Benny looked at Estella, who was beside him cautiously. "Was it really Mr. Farwell who found me?"
Archie nodded. "Mommy was panicking earlier. She was about to take Essie and me to look for you when Mr. Farwell stopped her and went to look on his own."
Benny glanced at Lucian, who was standing not far away, with a complicated mix of emotions within him.
"It was fortunate that Mr. Farwell found you in time. Otherwise, Mommy would have really cried." Archie's heart twinged with guilt when he thought about how anxious Roxanne had been.
Because of that, the boy had to thank his father despite not liking him.
Benny was full of regret when he learned that Roxanne had been on the verge of tears. "Did I not thank Mr. Farwell enough earlier?"
As he was unaware of the situation, he had only thanked him because his mother had told him to. Looking back on it now, he felt a little guilty.
Although he did not like his father, he thought he should thank him properly for doing their mother such a big favor.
Archie smiled at his brother, who still looked dejected. "Mommy will thank him for you." He glanced toward the two adults. "Besides, Mr. Farwell would probably want Mommy to thank him." Deep in thoughts, the two boys gazed at their parents.
Estella, on the other hand, was busy amusing herself.
Roxanne did not know what the children were thinking. Seeing that it was getting late, she called out to the children, "Are you done playing? It's getting late, and we should head back. We'll come back tomorrow!"
The children ran toward them, while Benny ran straight toward Roxanne, who noticed that the child's expression was odd.
"What's the matter?" she asked as she leaned over to pull him into her arms.
"I'm sorry, Mommy," the boy answered glumly. "I will remember to stay by your side next time and not wander off."
Roxanne was confused.
They were doing fine when they were out playing earlier. Why is he mentioning this all of a sudden?
Roxanne caressed the boy's head lovingly upon noticing his solemn expression. "I know," she said tenderly. "Thank you, Darling. I will do a better job protecting you as well."
"I will protect Benny, too!" Archie chirped.
Roxanne pulled the two boys in for a hug.
Meanwhile, Estella, who was standing forlornly on her own, looked a little crestfallen as she watched the two boys in Roxanne's arms.
The scene did not go unnoticed by Lucian.
He watched as his daughter stood pitifully at the side, and a strange feeling welled up within him
Although he understood that Roxanne was comforting the boys because she had been shaken by the events earlier, he nevertheless wondered how Roxanne would feel if she knew that Estella was also her child and that she had neglected the girl on more than one occasion.
Lucian scowled at the irony of that thought and reached out to Estella.
Gazing enviously at the two boys, the girl took her father's hand.
"It's getting late," Lucian said in a low voice. "We should head back."
His words roused Roxanne from her reverie, She slowly let go of the two boys, stood up, and led them to follow Lucian.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 550
Roxanne was about to bring the two boys up upon arriving back at the hotel when she felt a pair of resentful eyes on her back.
Frowning, Roxanne glanced behind her and saw Estella hesitantly shuffling after her three paces behind
The child stopped in her tracks when she noticed her quarry had turned her head. Her little face was alight with anticipation.
Not far away, Lucian pretended not to see them as he busied himself with pouring a glass of water from the bar.
Roxanne walked toward the child. "Do you want to sleep with me, Essie?"
The child nodded vigorously before asking cautiously, "Is that okay?"
Roxanne's heart softened at the child's tentativeness. "Go ask your Daddy," she said softly as she gazed at the man in the vicinity. "If he says yes, I'll take you upstairs."
The child's eyes brightened. She strode to Lucian's side with her stubby legs, but the man ignored the child's approach.
Knowing that her father would agree, Estella tugged the hem of his shirt fearlessly. "Can I sleep with Ms. Jarvis, Daddy?"
It was only then that Lucian lowered his gaze to look at his daughter before looking at Roxanne, who was standing nearby. "Okay," he said with a slight frown, "but don't give Ms. Jarvis any trouble." The child nodded obediently before sprinting back to Roxanne with a wide grin. "Daddy said yes!"
Roxanne returned the smile as she caressed the child's head, then said to Lucian, "I'll take Essie upstairs, then."
The man nodded casually. "If she's beginning to feel like a handful, Ms. Jarvis, you can send her back to me any time."
Roxanne was taken aback. She wondered why the man was acting so distant all of a sudden.
Upon regaining her composure, she said, "Don't worry, Mr. Farwell. Essie will be in good hands."
Lucian did not respond further. Instead, he turned to open a bottle of wine and
poured himself a glass. Roxanne gazed at the man's back, confused. "We'll be heading up, then. Good night. Mr. Farwell."
Lucian grunted in response.
Roxanne said nothing as she took the children upstairs.
After an entire day's worth of excitement and running on the beach for hours, the children were so sweaty that Roxanne bathed them all.
"Ms. Jarvis, will you still be picking the boys up in the future?" asked Estella suddenly during her bath.
Roxanne's hands froze. She could almost guess the child's intentions and was, at the moment, at a loss for words.
After a long silence, Roxanne answered evasively, "I will go if work permits."
Estella pursed her lips and gave Roxanne a piercing gaze as though she could see through the deception. The corners of her eyes drooped sadly. Roxanne's heart ached when she took in the child's disappointed look, but she was determined to stand by her word.
Fortunately, Estella said no more throughout the rest of her bath, and Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief.
Roxanne was tucking the children in after their baths when Estella spoke. "I want to hear a bedtime story, Ms. Jarvis."
Roxanne agreed without hesitation, as she felt guilty. "All right, I'll tell you one."
"I want to hear the story of Sleeping Beauty."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 551
Roxanne was stunned as she instinctively recalled the sudden kiss on the stage at the mention of Sleeping Beauty.
"Ms. Jarvis?" Jerking out of her reverie, Roxanne forced a smile at Estella before telling her the tale of Sleeping Beauty.
The child paid close attention and fell asleep shortly after Roxanne finished.
Covering the child with the quilt, Roxanne lay down beside her.
Although she felt physically tired after running around an entire day, her mind was still in restless turmoil when she closed her eyes.
She couldn't help blaming herself despite having found Benny.
Aside from that, Estella's mention of Sleeping Beauty kept reminding her of the kiss during the play, and she couldn't seem to shake it off her mind.
Despite lying in bed for an indeterminate amount of time, Roxanne could not fall asleep.
Looking at the time and seeing that it was almost midnight, Roxanne promptly got out of bed and went downstairs.
If I'm right, there are a few red wine bottles at the bar. Maybe I'll sleep better after having some red wine.
Emerging from her room, she frowned slightly when she saw that it was brightly lit downstairs.
Lucian is alone downstairs. Could he be awake as well?
Roxanne slowed down.
She did not want to go down and face the man alone at that hour.
As she was debating with herself whether or not to return to her room, Lucian's voice sounded. "Can't sleep, Ms. Jarvis?"
Roxanne paused in her steps. After a long hesitation, she decided to go down.
"How did you know it was me?"
Lucian was seated on the couch, dealing with some work. He glanced up upon hearing her words. "I heard the door open, and the kids should be asleep now. You are the only one left." Roxanne nodded in comprehension. "Are you not done with work?" she asked with polite concern.
"Yeah. What about you? Why can't you sleep?"
Roxanne frowned, wondering how she should broach the subject.
Aside from losing Benny, the other reason was more difficult for her to discuss.
Lucian's voice sounded again before she could speak. "Are you still not over the incident of losing Benny?"
The man's eyes remained fixated in her direction.
Roxanne hesitated for a moment before nodding in silent admittance.
Lucian's eyes grew slightly dim.
He had expected it. The woman did not look good when the child had gone missing. He reckoned she would not recover from it that easily.
He had also anticipated that the woman might not be able to fall asleep that night.
The living room plunged into silence.
Roxanne felt awkward. She cleared her throat to speak, but the man's voice sounded again.
"It wasn't your fault that Benny went missing. It was my fault for not keeping a closer eye on all of you, as I was by your side," Lucian said in a low voice. "You don't have to blame yourself. Rest assured that something like this will never happen again."
His speech surprised Roxanne.
He sounded as though they would be living together in the future and that he would help to care for the two boys.
Such a thought had only flashed across her mind once.
Roxanne quickly regained her composure and said, "I appreciate your gesture, Mr. Farwell, but there is no need to take all the responsibility upon yourself. I will take better care of my children."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 552
Chapter 552 Lucian's face fell slightly.
"I'll leave you to your work, Mr. Farwell. I'm just here for a drink. Don't feel the need to entertain me."
Roxanne inclined her head at him before turning to head to the bar.
The bar was filled with expensive wine, as they were in a presidential suite worthy of the name. Some bottles were even vintage.
Roxanne did not know much about wine other than red wine was a sleeping aid. After perusing the selection, she opened a bottle at random.
When Lucian heard the sound of a bottle opening, he turned around to glance at Roxanne's back. Although he could not see which bottle she had opened, he reminded her, "Red wine will cause a massive hangover. Don't drink too much."
Roxanne grunted nonchalantly in response.
The sound of Roxanne pouring herself wine was the only thing audible in the ensuing silence of the suite.
Lucian's attention was so focused on her that the contents of his email did not register to him.
Roxanne quickly finished a glass of wine, but she did not feel any drowsiness during a pause for a few seconds to reflect upon her sobriety.
Exasperated, she poured herself another glass. Before she knew it, she had had five drinks.
Roxanne was beginning to feel drowsy when she came back to her senses.
Dimly aware that she could not drink anymore, Roxanne got up to return to her room after tidying up the bar. However, she found her legs giving way when she stood up. She gave a low moan as she staggered to her feet.
Just when she thought she was going to fall, a large hand wrapped around her waist. Lucian's scent wafted into her nose the next second.
"I told you to go easy on the red wine." Lucian sounded upset.
The woman would have made a fool of herself if he hadn't been paying attention.
Roxanne could not bring herself to answer although she had heard him. Upon noticing how warm his embrace was, she snuggled against him.
Lucian's eyes flashed when he noticed her movements. His grp around her waist grew tighter.
"How are you feeling? Can you walk?"
Roxanne nodded and attempted to take a step forward, but she could not muster up the energy. Her legs felt like jelly, and she almost fell out of Lucian's arms merely from lifting a foot. Frowning at the state of her intoxication, Lucian swept her into his arms.
Roxanne felt herself being swept off her feet before she could process what was going
1. on.
"I can manage..."
Lucian gazed down at her. "Let me send you back. Quiet. Don't wake Essie up."
Essie...
Only then did Roxanne remember the little girl, her roommate for the night. She obediently fell silent at Lucian's words.
With the woman in his arms, Lucian took two steps forward before sensing she had turned and was leaning her head on his shoulder.
He looked down and saw that she was already unconscious. Her cheeks were still flushed because of the alcohol.
Lucian's heart softened, and he slowed down.
"Benny..." Roxanne muttered in her sleep as they were ascending the stairs. She sounded distraught. Lucian felt something pricking his heart. He knew that she must be dreaming about losing the boy. Although he knew that the ordeal had scarred Roxanne, the true extent of it was a revelation to him.
Lucian's arm tensed when the muttering became incessant. "Benny is back," he assured her softly. "He's fine now."
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 553
Lucian carried Roxanne all the way to the room. Once he entered, his eyes darkened when he saw that Estella had rolled over to the edge of the big bed and was still sleeping soundly
That was not how she was at home. She would sleep in the same position through the night, almost without moving an inch.
Is she moving so much because she's in a new environment? Or is it because she feels more at home around Roxanne?
Holding that thought, Lucian gently put Roxanne down before walking over to the other side to carry Estella to the middle of the bed.
"Daddy..." Estella muttered, half awake, thinking she was dreaming.
Lucian caressed her cheek as he watched her go back to sleep.
When she was quiet again, Lucian glanced over at Roxanne and went to pour her a glass of water.
Feeling someone pulling her up, Roxanne opened her eyes in a daze, only to see Lucian staring at her with a frown.
"Drink some water. It'll help with the hangover." His voice rang out lowly beside her ear.
At that moment, Roxanne felt everything was so surreal.
Am I dreaming? What hangover? Did I drink?
"Lucian?" she called out hesitantly.
"Yes?"
It's really him. Roxanne narrowed her eyes, and a pitiful look slowly crept over her
face.
Lucian frowned at the change in her expression.
To his surprise, Roxanne suddenly leaned into his embrace and even rubbed her face against his chest endearingly.
Lucian froze where he was with his gaze locked on the woman in his arms. He did not dare to move a muscle.
He had never once expected her to behave so intimately toward him ever since they met one another again.
Although he was fully aware that he should keep a distance because she was only acting like that because she was drunk, he still wanted to keep her close.
In fact, if it were not for the fear of disturbing her sleep, he would have hugged her tighter.
This is ridiculous. Lucian could not believe he just caught himself wanting more.
Over the years, he had never treated anyone that way, not until he met Roxanne.
"Lucian..." the woman mumbled sadly in her sleep beside his ear.
His arms tensed up when her voice called him back to reality. He wanted to tell her that he was right beside her.
Feeling his embrace, Roxanne looked up at him in a stupor and murmured, "Why are you so cruel? Am I still not good enough for you? I love you so much, but you've never liked me the slightest bit." Her words pierced his heart like a knife over and over again.
It pained him beyond words when he thought of what she had said, but that was not the end of her questioning.
"Why? What else should I do to make you love me? Tell me. I'll change. Why are you so quiet?" Roxanne reached for his face frantically when she did not get a response. "Come on! What should I do to make you love me?"
A frown surfaced on Lucian's remorse-stricken face as he grabbed her hands. "You're drunk, Roxanne."
When she heard him calling her name, a satisfied smile broke out on her face.
###Chapter?554
lucian's heart wrenched again the moment he saw her smile. He would rather she looked at him indifferently, as she always did, because her affection only reminded him of how things had been between them six years ago. Back then, he had been her world, yet he had taken her for granted. He did not appreciate her and had killed her love for him instead when she left in Brokenness.
In the end, their intimacy reminded him that things had ended up as they were because of him. At that thought, Lucian smiled ruefully and averted his gaze. Have some water. It'll make you feel better. Roxanne did not respond for a long while. Just as he was about to check on her again, he felt a weight on his chest. Lucian, the play. Was it really an accident? She asked, her voice fading away as she fell back asleep. Lucian loosened his arms when he realized she had dozed off. He hesitated for a while and put the glass of water on the table.
He figured Roksan might end up not sleeping well if he kept waking her up, so he tucked her and Estella in before going out of the room quietly. Back at the bar counter downstairs, Lucian sat down in front of the half emptied bottle of red wine that Roxanne had opened. I wonder how she felt when she quaffed all this. Lucian recalled the questions she had asked back in the room, and a sense of selfpity rose in his heart. He knew better than anyone else if what had happened during the play was an accident. It was just that he could not control himself when he saw her sleeping deeply.
But what bothered him was the fact that he did not have the courage to come clean with her. Lucian could not believe that there were actually things that he did not dare to admit. When Roxanne woke up the next morning, she felt a stabbing pain in her head.
She turned her head and saw the glass of water and hangover pills on the table. Then memories of what had happened the night before came flooding back, and her eyes widened like saucers. I couldn't sleep so I went downstairs to have some wine, and I ended up drunk. Then he carried me upstairs.
I even said some nonsense to him before he left, and he said, no, stop. I'm not going there. Roxanne wondered if Lucian would be bothered by her action, just as he had been six years ago. A self-mocking smile touched her lips when she thought of that.
When Estella saw Roxanne sitting beside her in the bed, she snuggled into her embrace and mumbled her name as she woke up.
Ms. Jarvis, morning, Roxanne greeted gently, looking at the girl in her arms. I dreamed that Daddy came yesterday, she said, still not fully awake. Roxanne's body stiffened. Well, he really came. Roxanne hoped Estella did not hear what she had blurted out to Lucian.
The night before. Because if Estella did, Roxanne would not know how to face the girl anymore. What else did you dream about? Roxanne asked tentatively, trying to elicit more information. Estella frowned and thought hard until she finally shook her head. 1s Nothing else? It's weird. It was a super short dream. Roxanne. A silent sigh of relief. 
###Chapter?555
Estella remained in Roxanne's arms for a while. When she was finally awake, she pulled herself from Roxanne's embrace and looked up. Estella frowned when she noticed that Roxanne looked pale. Ms. Jarvis, are you okay? You don't look so good. Roxanne touched her face, surprisedly, wondering what the girl spotted as she had not looked at herself in the mirror since she woke up.
She had no idea how bad she looked at that moment. Oh, I drank a lot yesterday, and I even slept late. There's no way I look refreshed after so little sleep. Before Roxanne could reply, the girl wrinkled her nose and sniffed the air. Why do I smell alcohol? Roxanne smiled at her. I went down to have some wine yesterday because I couldn't sleep. That's probably why I look tired. I'm actually having a slight headache too. Upon hearing this, Stella reached out and touched her for it carefully. The smile on rocks. Ann's face grew wider when she saw how much the child cared for her.
After some time, Estella slowly retracted her hand and glanced at the water and medication on the nightstand. Although she had no idea what those were for, she passed them to Roxanne nonetheless. An inexplicable feeling rose in Roxanne's heart when she saw that glass of water.
It reminded her of what she had said to Lucian the night before. Seeing that Roxanne did not take the water from her, Estella held it out closer to her, but the woman pushed it away because she did not feel like having it.
Her rejection confused the girl, who then tilted her head. It's cold. I'd like some warm water. Besides, I don't need that medication anymore, Roxanne said, forcing a smile. Since Roxanne had said so, Estella simply nodded quietly and put the pills back. Then she grabbed the glass carefully and got off the bed to get some warm water for Roxanne.
When she returned, Roxanne took the glass from her, had two sips, and then brought the girl to wash up in the bathroom. By the time they came out, Archie and Benny were already waiting for them in the room. Mommy, did you drink yesterday? The boys asked. They smelled alcohol the moment they entered the room, and the pills on the nightstand confirmed their thought. Roxanne nodded.
There was no point trying to hide it from the boys. I couldn't sleep because of the bed, so I went down to have some. 
###Chapter?556
I know you didn't mean it. I just need some time to recover from the shock. Roxanne comforted Benny with a smile. The boy gazed at her doubtfully for some time. When he was finally convinced that she meant what she said, he nodded slowly, pursed his lips and gave her a hug. Let's have breakfast. It's getting late, Roxanne said, caressing his head. All the children nodded, and the four of them went downstairs together.
A five person breakfast was ready on the table by the time they got down. It seemed that Lucian had taken the food in and laid them out on the dining table. He was scrolling his phone on the couch when they came down. His sleeves were rolled up, revealing a pair of lean and muscular forearms. When Roxanne saw that he was working, she held the children's hands and asked them to walk silently, but the man stil noticed them in the end. He looked up at Roxanne and their gazes met.
What had happened the previous night instantly came back to Roxanne's mind. She hoped she could find traces of his thoughts on his face, but even after seconds of staring at him, she found no sign of any emotions in his eyes. It was as if his nonchalant gaze was telling her that everything that had happened the night before was but a dream. I know it was real. I saw the glass of water and hangover pills on the table this morning.
I can't believe I ended up telling him how I felt six years ago. Ever since Roxanne woke up that morning, her mind had been a mess as she tried to guess how Lucian felt about what had gone down the night before. Yet the man's indifference was upsetting. It seemed to show Roxanne that her worry was redundant and that she had been overthinking. His unconcern made Roxanne feel pathetic, so she withdrew her gaze from him and continued walking down the staircase with the children. Daddy.
Estella exclaimed the moment she solution. The man quickly shifted his gaze toward Estella and nodded lightly, putting away his phone and standing up. Good morning, Mr. Farwell, Benny greeted. Both Roxanne and Lucian were stunned when they heard the boy. Lucian was expecting Roxanne and the two boys to ignore him completely because the children had always disliked him. So when Benny greeted him without Roxanne telling him to do so, lucian was completely caught off guard.
Likewise, Roxanne was also astonished by Benny's abrupt act of affection. Yet on second thought, the adults knew why there was a change in his attitude.
The boy must have come to like Lucian after the man found him. It was just that they were not expecting such a radical change overnight. After seconds of silence, Lucian smiled back at the boy, nodding. Good morning, everyone. Let's have breakfast. The food has been there for a while. The children nodded and hurried toward the dining room.
Behind them, Roxanne still felt heavyhearted and she walked in slowly. Her anxious gaze wandered aimlessly as she tried her best not to make any eye contact with Lucian. When she went past the bar counter, she could not help but sneak a quick glance at the bottle of wine, trying to see how much alcohol she had taken that made her so drunk. There's less than a third left. Wait. Roxanne furrowed her brows. I may be tipsy yesterday, but I can vaguely remember drinking only half of the bottle of wine. 
###Chapter?557
Daddy, you don't look so good to, Estella remarked sitting down beside Lucian. A glance was enough for her to spot the abnormality. Instinctively, Roxanne turned and looked at Lucian, but the man turned away so she could only only see his side profile.
I had a late night yesterday. I had a lot of work to finish, he replied casually. The girl frowned and took a deep breath before rubbing her nose. I smell alcohol too. Lucian was quiet. He put some food on Estella's plate and had no intention of answering her. Luckily, the girl was distracted by the food. She dropped the matter altogether. On the contrary, Roxanne kept chewing on Estelle words. I only had half of the wine, but there's only that much left in the bottle today.
He must have come back down to drink last night. Here. She took a good look at Lucian. He really doesn't look well. What was he thinking when he slept? Mommy, archie's and Benny's voices stunned a pensive woman. Sit down, they continued. Roxanne quickly recollected her thoughts and went over to sit down beside them with an apologetic smile. How are you feeling, Ms. Jarvis? Lucian asked abruptly. Roxanne froze momentarily and glanced up at him. The children stared at the two as well.
They had no idea where Lucian's question came from, but they were left hanging because the man did not continue talking. Lucian fixed his eyes on Roxanne as he waited for an answer. The woman came back to her senses and flashed a confident smile. I had a bit of wine and slept well after that. I woke up with a slight headache, but it's all good now. Thanks for asking, Mr. Farewell.
The conversation ended with a nod from the man. Meanwhile, the children were still perplexed. What did they just say? So he knew she was drinking yesterday and they both looked like they didn't sleep well. Something must have happened without us knowing.
The kids could not help but feel suspicious about what had happened the night before, but they could not get any more information out of their interaction because the two adults were being secretive. The children pouted in disgruntlement and dug in that morning. Everyone was distracted during the meal.
After breakfast, none of the children dared to suggest that they take a trip because they knew the adults did not have a good rest. Roxanne was so absorbed in her thoughts that she did not realize what the children were thinking. As for Lucian, he was used to following Roxanne's plan when it came to the children. After all, he knew that the children liked her better since he had worked. He sat back on the couch after breakfast and buried himself in work.
After breakfast, they all sat in the hotel room, each engaged in their own thoughts. Seeing that there was nothing they could do, the children started playing hide and seek. Estella joined in as well. To her, it did not matter where they were. She was fine with anything as long as she was with Archie and Benny. Besides, Lucian and Roxanne were around as well. That was enough for her. The children's boisterous laughter rang out in the room when Archie and Benny caught Estella, despite her trying her best to hide. Ms. Jarvis. The girl cried out, tugging Roxanne's shirt. Yes? What's the matter, SIE? Roxanne asked absent mindedly. Play with us. The girl looked at her in anticipation. 
###Chapter?558
when Roxanne saw how persistent the girl was, she agreed to a game with the children. I'm done. Estella announced when she had found a hiding spot. Even after rounds of the same game with Archie and Benny, the girl still shouted out loud whenever she was done hiding. Roxanne could not help laughing at that.
Right after Estella shouted, roxanne heard Archie's and Benny's soft giggles from another corner. I'm coming. Roxanne exclaimed, shaking her head.
Then she walked toward where Archie and Benny were. The boys were still feeling proud of themselves because they thought they had found a seemingly strategic place where no one could find them. But they were proven wrong. They even planned on changing their hiding place to make it more difficult for Roxanne to find them. But just as they were crawling out from where they were, they bumped into the woman. They looked up only to see her smug smile. Mommy, please give us another chance. They mumbled, standing up in front of her. Roxanne quirked her brows and turned them down. Blatantly. No. You guys have to find Estella with me. When they knew they had no other option, the boys did as they were told and tried to recall the direction of where Estella's voice came from earlier. The girl had learned a few tricks from the previous rounds of the game. She would stick her head out occasionally to check the situation outside. When she saw Roxanne and the boys coming over, she wanted to sneak away and go to another place, but it was too late. Archie and Benny had already seen her the moment she got out. Mommy, we found her.
The boys screamed in excitement as they ran after Estella, who was trying to flee. When Roxanne saw them running, she hurried up to Estella, worried that the girl would fall. Seeing that she was about to get caught, Estella sprinted toward the couch while Archie and Benny pursued her.
Slow down. Roxanne shouted. Archie and Benny decelerated at their mother's warning, but Estella did not. She continued running toward the couch as if she did not hear Roxanne at all. Because Estella could not stop in time, she tripped over the couch leg and fell forward onto the coffee table. 1.3s Watch out. Roxanne's heart clinched when she saw that she dashed over, hoping to cushion the impact for the girl.
Estella was horrified when she realized she could not stop herself from falling. Suddenly, a strong arm appeared and blocked the sharp edge of the coffee table just as Roxanne managed to catch Estella on the forehead. However, because of the strong momentum, estella still bumped right into the table. Although Lucian and Roxanne managed to prevent the worst from happening, the knock was still painful for Estella. She was stupefied for a few seconds until she finally looked up again.
Lucian's palm was covering the edge of the table while Roxanne's hand landed on his hand, bolstering the girl's forehead. A frown slowly crept across Lucian's face. Are you all right? He asked anxiously. Just a few seconds ago. He was finishing up his work when he heard Roxanne screaming in fright. When he looked up, Estella was already falling in his direction, so he swiftly extended his hand to help.
It took Estella a few seconds to get herself together. I'm fine, she replied softly. Lucian sighed in relief. Good. Get up, then. When Archie and Benny heard that, they hurried over to help Estella up to relieve the weight on Lucian and Roxanne's hands. 
###Chapter?559
Roxanne retracted her hand the moment Estella got up. The warmth on Lucian's skin was still lingering on the back of her hand after the contact.
When Roxanne regained her cool, she looked at Lucian's hand hesitantly.
Although Estella was not heavy, the impact was still strong given how fast she was running.
Even Roxanne found it hard to stop her on her own.
On top of that, the edge of the coffee table was sharp.
Is his hand all right?
Roxanne wanted to check if he was injured, but she felt that Lucian was deliberately hiding his hand away, so she could not see anything.
After some time, Lucian put down his phone and glanced at the guilty-looking child beside him. "Let's go out and play."
Estella's eyes glittered with excitement when she heard that.
Then Lucian got up and went over to the entrance to take a tourist map from the shelf. "You guys pick a place."
The children took the map and started poring over it.
As for Roxanne, she was still thinking about Lucian. "Mr. Farwell, your hand...
"It's fine," he answered, looking at her, but Roxanne did not believe him.
"Let me have a look," she insisted.
Lucian stared at her for a few seconds until he finally budged and showed her his hand.
There was a long and narrow cut on the back of his hand. She noticed traces of blood from the cut, and the area around the wound was red and swollen.
Roxanne knew this kind of cul was rather painful, but Lucian did not complain at all.
When the children noticed what they were doing, they put down the map in their hands and ran over
"Daddy Estella was filled with worry and guilt,
*We're sorry, Mr. Farwell. We won't fool around with Essie again," Archic and Benny said apologetically
Lucian raised his brows and held out the other hand to rub their heads. "It's just a scratch. Dont worry about it."
Then, he gazed at the girl and comforted her, "You don't have to feel bad, Essie. I know you like playing with Archie and Benny. I'm happy you're enjoying yourself. Injuries are unavoidable when you play, so it's not your fault. I just want you to have fun playing with other kids."
Despite what he said, Estella still puckered in regret.
She knew Lucian was worried about her not being able to socialize with other children because of her condition.
"I'm sorry, Daddy," she cried, circling her arms around Lucian's leg.
"It's okay, really. Why don't you go over and choose a place for us to visit later?"
"Yeah You should go pick a spot while I treat your daddy's wound," Roxanne chimed in.
Although the children were still worried, they listened to the adults in the end.
"Thank you, Ms. Jarvis," Lucian said as he looked at her and held out his hand.
Roxanne smiled at him rigidly, then went to look for the first aid kit. She asked him to sit on the couch while she sat next to him to bandage his wound.
Neither of them talked, but a lot went on in Roxanne's mind.
From what she observed in Lucian and Estella's interaction, she concluded that Lucian was a careless father. But what he had said to Estella back there made Roxanne feel heartbroken.
He's indeed rather inattentive in some regards, but it's no doubt that he loves Estella. If he really didn't care about her, the news would not have said that she was the apple of his eye. Sometimes I wonder who Estella's mother is and what she's like. She has given him a daughter he loves so dearly. 
###Chapter?560
While Roxanne was bandaging him, she could sense Lucian's gaze on her.
However, Roxanne did not know what was on his mind.
I wonder if he's thinking about what happened last night...
Roxanne could not help but recall the bottle of red wine that was almost finished the night before, and that made her feel perplexed. As such, the bandaging she did for Lucian was a little rough around the edges.
"Are you done?" asked Lucian when he saw that she was not doing anything else.
It was only then Roxanne returned to her senses and maintained a calm face. "It's almost done."
Lucian took a look at the bandage on his hand, raised his brows, and said, "Ms. Jarvis, it seems that you are very selective when it comes to your medical skill, aren't you?"
Roxanne was startled by what he said. She followed his gaze and noticed that her bandaging was indeed horribly done.
For a moment, Roxanne could not help but blush. She opened her mouth but did not know what to say.
Thankfully, all Lucian did was teased her once, and he did not pursue the matter again. "It's about time. Why don't you check with them and see where they will like to go?"
Upon hearing that, Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief before getting up and going over to the children. They were still deciding where to go.
"Haven't all of you made up your mind yet? Should I offer some suggestions?" asked Roxanne gently.
The children were so engrossed in their planning that they did not realize she was next to them until they heard her voice. Immediately, Estella inquired about Lucian's injury, "Ms. Jarvis, how's Daddy?" At the thought of her messy bandaging, Roxanne smiled and assured her, "It's just a minor injury. I have already bandaged it."
The children then turned and looked at Lucian with concern.
Lucian nodded at them.
The children were finally al case and told Roxanne about their conflicts.
Estetla wanted to go out to the sea and watch the dolphins.
However, the boys were worried about the dangers out at the sea after what had happened earlier on. They suggested picking up seashells and making craftwork out of them.
The three children could not come to an agreement and chose to discuss other options.
Roxanne could not help but hesitate when she heard about their dispute.
Logically, what all three children wanted was not contradictory. They could always go out to the sea before coming back to make their craftwork.
However, like Archie and Benny, she was also worried about the danger out at the sea.
After all, Estella was very important to Lucian, and Roxanne did not want to be held accountable.
So, Roxanne turned and looked at Lucian to seek his opinion.
Naturally, Lucian heard the children's conversation as well. He met Roxanne's eyes and walked up to them. Rubbing the children's heads, he said, "Since all of you have activities that you want to do, then we shall do all of them."
Both Archie and Benny looked at him in doubt. "But, will it be dangerous for Essie to go out to the sea?"
Lucian knew that the boys were scared because of what happened just now. "It won't be. All you need to do is sit down on the yacht. Furthermore, I will be there to protect all of you and so will the crew members."
The boys looked at him and did not know whether to believe him or not.
In truth, they also wanted to go out to the sea. After all, they had never done so in their lives.
They only decided to turn it down for the safety of Estella.
Since their daddy was all right with it, they agreed too. 
###Chapter?561
Once they had decided on their itinerary for that afternoon, Lucian got someone to prepare the yacht before taking Roxanne and the children out.
The moment they arrived at the beach, the crew members were ready.
"Mr. Farwell," greeted the crew before they went on to induct them "The yacht and the crew members are all ready to set off. This is our largest and best yacht. It also comes with two diving instructors. If you are interested, you can try your hand at diving. The water around this area is very safe."
Lucian nodded coolly in acknowledgment.
On the other hand, Roxanne felt a little puzzled.
The crew seemed to be very respectful toward Lucian.
In fact, the person doing the introduction recognized Lucian at first glance.
However, given the status of the Farwell family in Horington and the fact that it was not the first time Lucian stayed at that resort, Roxanne felt more at ease.
The lot of them then followed the crew and boarded the yacht.
Roxanne was worried that the children might not sit still. The very next moment, she saw Lucian buckling the seatbelts for them.
At that instant, the children were stuck to their seats and could not do anything else other than sitting there quietly.
Two of the crew members had their eyes on the three children at all times. They were prepared to protect them should anything untoward happen.
Roxanne was much more relaxed when she saw that Lucian's preparations had been very thorough.
The captain of the yacht chatted with them, "The weather is ideal for a trip out to the sea today."
Roxanne glanced at Lucian and saw no response from him, so she acknowledged politely.
Seeing that she responded, the crew became more enthusiastic and started to introduce the activities that were available.
Before they could arrive at the area for the dolphin sighting, the children's attention was completely captured by the crew's briefing. Excitement was written all over their small faces.
Onet in a while, Roxanne would respond as well.
"I heard from Mr. Farwell that all of you are out here for the dolphin sighting. To be honest, that is not the most exciting thing to do in this area. I will highly recommend diving since the water in this area is well protected, and the views underwater are beautiful. If you have the chance, you
should give it a try," the crew strongly recommended.
Roxanne started to get a little interested.
All the while, she had always wanted to travel and experience different things.
However, with Archie and Benny to care for and her heavy workload, Roxanne had not gotten the chance to do so.
Since the opportunity to enjoy the underwater world was made available, Roxanne would not want to miss it.
However, the three children would be under Lucian's care if she went diving.
However, Lucian was still injured.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne could not help but hesitate.
Lucian seemed to be able to read her mind. "If you want to give it a try, just go ahead."
It took Roxanne a few seconds before she realized that he was talking to her.
The children chimed in too, "We will behave ourselves. Mommy, please do whatever you want!"
Out of nowhere, Estella pulled out a waterproof camera and gave it to her solemnly. "Ms. Jarvis, do take some photos and show me."
Warmth spread throughoui Roxanne when she heard their encouragement, and she nodded at the children. Thank you, darlings. Then..." Roxanne glanced ai Lucian and continued, "I will leave the children to your care, Mr. Farwell. I want to try diving."
Lucian agreed indifferently. 
###Chapter?562
Soon, Roxanne changed into her diving suit and put on the gears as instructed by the diving instructor
Lucian's gaze darkened a little when he watched the diving instructor guiding Roxanne to leap into the water. For some reason, Lucian felt nervous. "Mommy!"
"Ms. Jarvis!"
The children, too, felt nervous watching the duo jump into the sea.
Ivou
Sea.
Hearing the children's voices, Roxanne smiled and raised her head. She gestured an "okay" and turned to the instructor, indicating she was ready. Shortly after, both of them held their breaths, and they dived into the sea.
From the yacht, all the others could see were bubbles rising from the spot where Roxanne and the instructor vanished.
The children exchanged glances with worry written all over their faces. In fact, they were feeling a little regretful about letting Roxanne give it a go.
"Mr. Farwell, will Mommy be in danger?" Benny could not help but look at Lucian.
Upon hearing Benny's words, Lucian suppressed his uneasiness and patted the former's head. "She won't. The instructors here are incredible. They'll definitely take good care of your mommy." Despite his words, Lucian's eyes were still fixed on the spot where Roxanne dived in.
Sensing their uneasiness, the staff on the yacht comforted, "Nothing will happen. We've had many tourists dive into the sea all these years, and I've never seen anyone getting into any accidents," The children nodded dubiously upon hearing the staff. With that, they continued waiting for Roxanne to return to the surface of the water.
At the same time, the diving instructor brought Roxanne further into the water.
At first, the instructor grabbed Roxanne's arm tightly all the way for fear of something happening to her,
To the instructor's surprise, he realized Roxanne did not seem like a newbie after diving for some distance, On top of that, she was all al ease.
Hence, the instructor gradually released her.
Slowly, the underwater scenery appeared before Roxanne. When she saw the scenery in front of her, her eyes lit up.
There was a vast array of colorful coral and fishes. The waters refracted the rays of sunlight and shone down on the treasures of the sea, giving them a mysterious color. Roxanne could not help but reach out her hand.
Soon, a tiny fish circled her finger intimately..
The instructor was stunned by the interaction, and he quickly took out his camera to take pictures of the scene.
In the pictures, Roxanne looked like a beautiful mermaid interacting peacefully with the beautiful creatures of the sea.
Meanwhile, the people on the yacht began to worry when Roxanne and the instructor had not returned after a long time. Benny shouted anxiously at the sea, "Mommy!"
Estella, too, gripped the railing nervously and glanced at Lucian. "Daddy, why isn't Ms. Jarvis back?"
When Lucian heard her question, his gaze darkened, and he comforted her calmly, "She'll be back soon. Don't worry." With that, he took out his phone and glanced at it.
Roxanne and the instructor had been underwater for almost ten minutes.
Logically, there was no way the instructor did not know that it had been too long for a newbie.
At that thought, Lucian frowned, and a suspicion flashed through his mind.
Did they get into an accident underwater?
As the thought came to him, the worry on his face grew more intense as he stared at the sea.
After an undetermined amount of ume, the other two staff began'to panic when they did not see Roxanne and the instructor returning
"I'm going down to take a look" Looking worried, one of the diving instructors picked up his diving gear
Just as he was about to dive into the water, there were sudden movements on the surface of the water
After some time, Roxanne and the instructor could be seen appearing with smiles on their faces. 
###Chapter 563
Chapter 563 The Woman In His Embrace
“Mommy!” “Ms. Jarvis!”
Roxanne emerged from the water, gasping slightly but with a wide smile on her face. The diving instructor surfaced next to her, grinning as well. They both waved at the anxious group on the yacht, signaling that everything was fine.
Lucian let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding. His heart, which had been pounding with worry, slowly returned to a normal rhythm. He watched as the children ran to the edge of the yacht, shouting in excitement and relief.
Roxanne climbed up the ladder, dripping wet but clearly exhilarated from the dive. As soon as she set foot on the deck, Archie, Benny, and Estella rushed to her, wrapping their small arms around her in a tight hug. She laughed, hugging them back with equal fervor.
“Mommy, are you okay?” Benny asked, his voice filled with concern.
Roxanne nodded, brushing back some wet strands of hair from her face. “I’m perfectly fine, Benny. It was so beautiful down there! I wish you could have seen it.”
Estella clung to her leg, looking up at her with wide eyes. “I was so scared, Ms. Jarvis. I thought something happened to you.”
Roxanne knelt down to her level, gently cupping her face. “I’m sorry I worried you, Essie. But everything was fine. The instructor took very good care of me.”
Lucian stepped forward, his expression still tense despite the relief of seeing Roxanne safe. “Are you sure you’re okay? That was longer than expected.”
Roxanne stood up, meeting his gaze. “I’m fine, Lucian. The instructor just wanted to show me some of the more beautiful parts of the reef. I lost track of time.”
The diving instructor nodded in agreement. “She’s a natural. Once she got comfortable, she didn’t need much assistance.”
Lucian’s eyes softened as he looked at Roxanne. He reached out, hesitating for a moment before placing a hand on her shoulder. “I’m glad you’re safe.”
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat at his touch, but she managed to smile. “Thank you, Lucian.”
The moment was interrupted by the children, who were eager to hear more about her underwater adventure. Roxanne obliged, describing the colorful corals and the playful fish, her eyes lighting up as she recounted the experience.
Lucian watched her, a mix of admiration and something deeper in his gaze. He realized just how much he had come to care for this woman, despite their complicated history.
As the day drew to a close, they all gathered for a meal on the yacht. The atmosphere was filled with laughter and stories, the earlier tension forgotten. Roxanne felt a warmth in her heart, grateful for this moment of peace and happiness.
Later, as the children fell asleep in their cabins, Roxanne stood at the edge of the yacht, gazing out at the sea. The moon cast a silvery glow over the water, and the gentle rocking of the boat was soothing.
Lucian joined her, standing silently by her side. After a while, he spoke, his voice soft. “Thank you for today. The kids had a wonderful time.”
Roxanne turned to him, her expression thoughtful. “I should be the one thanking you, Lucian. For everything.”
They stood there in comfortable silence, the distance between them seeming to shrink. In that moment, under the starlit sky, they both felt a sense of possibility—a hope that perhaps, despite everything, they could find a way to move forward together.
The night air was cool, but neither of them moved, content to share this quiet moment. The future was uncertain, but for now, they had this—the sea, the stars, and each other. And it was enough.
###Chapter 564
Chapter 564
Roxanne made herself comfortable in the seat, not daring to face the crowd's stare. She kept her eyes lowered and thanked Lucian, who did not respond. Instead, he stared at her silently before returning to the seat in front of them.
The diving instructor, who accompanied Roxanne into the water, climbed up the steps skilfully and returned the camera to her. When he was about to help her remove the swimming gear, he subconsciously glanced at Lucian, worried that the latter might get angry at him for getting to near to Roxanne.
Thankfully, Lucian showed no response this time.
Only then did the instructor carry on with his task.
“Mommy, why did you go down there for so long?” Benny asked worriedly, looking at Roxanne. Roxanne, who had already remo‘the diving gears with the help of the instructor, appeared pale. The boys could not help but worry at the sight of their mother's pale face.
With a smile on her face, Roxanne comforted, “The scenery down there was really beautiful, so | wanted to stay there a little longer to enjoy it. Sorry for making all of you worry.”
The boys looked doubtful. “But you look sick.”
The boys even guessed Roxanne had encountered some trouble when she was underwater but did not dare to tell them for fear of making them worry,
1 WC Roxanne sensed the children were worried. She shot the instructor a helpless glance, hoping he could help her out a little.
The instructor understood the meaning of her gaze, but he looked at Lucian when he spoke. “Mrs. Farwell is really talented in diving. Nothing happened when we were underwater. She just wanted to stay there for a little while longer. | only agreed after confirming her condition. She probably looks weak now because she has used up too much energy.”
Due to Lucian‘s attitude earlier, the instructor thought Roxanne was Lucian‘s rumored fiancée. Hence, the instructor addressed her as “Mrs. Farwell.”
As soon as he finished explaining, the children heaved a sigh of relief. After that, they noticed the way the instructor addressed Roxanne, and they turned to look at the two adults in unison.
Roxanne looked grimmer, and she frowned, wanting to explain herself.
Suddenly, Lucian‘s voice rang out before she could speak. “Got it. It's not a problem as long as she’s fine. You did well.” The instructor smiled, totally unaware of what he had done wrong.
Having heard Lucian‘s words, Roxanne frowned deeper, and she turned to face the former.
If Lucian had said those words last night, she probably would have said nothing in response.
However, after last night's incident, Roxanne could not help but feel insulted by Lucian tacitly accepting the form of address.
Lucian, however, met her gaze nonchalantly and breathed, “We're taking the children out to play today. Let's not be too calculative oyer such trivial matters. I'm sure you don't want the children to be unhappy, right?”
At first, Roxanne was stunned.
So, “Mrs. Farwell” is a small matter to him?
Even so, she had to agree that Lucian‘s concern was right.
If she were to expose the instri
‘s mistake, the rest of the trip might turn into an awkward one.
Telling the instructor the truth at that moment would only make him feel uneasy.
After mulling it over, Roxanne retracted her gaze, pretending to not have heard what the instructor said Seeing Roxanne complying reluctantly, Lucian raised a brow and smiled with satisfaction.
The children, who had been observing the duo, were confused when they saw Lucian‘s expression. They had a feeling that Lucian‘s explanation earlier was just to pacify Roxanne.
Daddy's so powerful. How would the staff dare to spoil our trip? 
###Chapter 565
Chapter 565
Chapter 565 After getting some rest, Roxanne finally felt better. She got up to change into some clear clothes. Meanwhile, the yacht had traveled quite a distance.
The staff in front of the yacht reminded, “Children, please pay attention! This is where the dolphins often appear. They're really friendly and love interacting with people, especially children. Hence, there’s no need to be afraid of them!”
Upon hearing that, the children nodded obediently, with anticipation written all over their faces. “Mommy!” Archie and Benny called out to Roxanne.
She whipped her head around in confusion.
“Can you please unbuckle us? W want to play with dolphins,” the boys asked cautiously. Estella, too, looked at her with anticipation.
Roxanne’s heart softened incredibly when she met the children’s gazes. However, she hesitated to give an answer when she thought of safety issues.
The boys glanced at each other and then at Lucian in front of them.
Benny promised sweetly, “We'll be good, and we promise to keep a safe distance. Can we be unbuckled now?” “Daddy...” Estella gave her father an imploring look.
The children had realized it long ago. Once they were on the sea, Lucian had the final say in everything
Roxanne, on the other hand, never expected the children to change their target so quickly. A strange feeling flooded her heart as she glanced at Lucian as well.
To her surprise, Lucian merely raised his brow slightly. There were no signs of concern on his face as he said, “I'll unbuckle all of you as long as you're not afraid.”
The children nodded vigorously. “We're not! We want to play with dolphins!”
As soon as they finished their sentence, Lucian got up wordlessly, approached them, and unbuckled the children‘s safety buckles.
The moment the children were granted their freedom, they rushed over to the deck. Lucian walked behind them slowly. Still feeling worried, Roxanne hesitated for a moment before getting to her feet and walking over.
The deck was rather narrow, but the two adults wanted to give the children enough space to stand there. Thus, both of them stood quite close to each other.
From the back, both of them looked like a couple. On top of that, the children’s laughter made them look like a peaceful family.
Roxanne wanted to take a step away when she realized the distance between her and Lucian was getting smaller. However, Lucian grabbed her wrist.
“What are you doing? Let go!” Roxanne whispered, worried she would frighten the children.
Lucian frowned and gazed sternly at her. “Don't move about. It's dangerous.”
Roxanne was taken aback by Lucian‘s expression.
Just as she was about to say something, she saw some movements on the surface of the water in the distance,
In the next second, the children cheered, “Dolphins! The dolphins are here!”
Hearing that, Roxanne and |
in glanced over.
Not far away, a pod of dolphins leaped out of the water and went back in with a splash as they swam toward them. The children waved at the dolphins excitedly. “Hello! We're here! Come play with us!”
Seeing how the children talking to the dolphins innocently amused Roxanne.
Meanwhile, it was as if the dolphins could understand the children’s words, they suddenly increased their speed and swam over to them.
The children inched forward carefully and looked downward to watch the creatures swimming in the sea. 
###Chapter 566
Chapter 566
The children stretched their hand to the dolphins.
Immediately, a dolphin swam over and gently touched their palms with its mouth.
“Wow!” the children exclaimed in surprise, looking at the dolphin with their eyes wide open.
A tender look filled Roxanne’s eyes as she watched the children interact with the dolphin. At the same time, she had forgotten all about the distance issues she had with Lucian. Lowering her gaze, she pulled out a camera from her bag and took pictures of the children.
A seagull flew past in the distance. Suddenly, one of the dolphins ed into the air and gave Estella a kiss on the cheek.
Estella was frozen to the spot for some time. When she finally returned to her senses, she touched her slightly wet face and widened her eyes in surprise...
“Ms. Jarvis! Daddy!” Estella ran back to Roxanne and Lucian excitedly, wanting to share her experience with them.
Roxanne had already taken a picture of the cute interaction earlier. Estella‘s excited expression made the former's smile widen. “| saw it. Looks like little animals really like you, huh?”
Estella smiled shyly and turned back to play with the dolphins.
Archie and Benny, too, witnessed the scene just now and were extremely envious of her. Thus, they did everything they could to let the dolphins kiss them.
Staring expectantly at the dolphins, Benny leaned out, causing almost half of his body to hang over the deck.
Alas, no dolphins approached him even after waiting for a long time. Rather, the dolphins seemed to be afraid of him and kept their distance from him.
Just as he was thinking of other ways to touch the dolphin, someone grabbed his shirt and pulled him back to the original position.
“It's dangerous.” Lucian gave Benny a stern gaze.
Seeing it was Lugian, Benny had no choice but to nod sheepishly and apologize, “Sorry. | won't do it again.” With that, he put on a pitiful look while looking at Roxanne.
Roxanne, too, was taken aback by Benny's actions.
After all, the children were smaller compared to the dolphins.
Roxanne feared they might fall into the water if they actually collided with the dolphin.
kann
Thankfully, Lucian reached out just in time and pulled Benny backward.
Though Benny‘s gaze had softened Roxanne’s heart, she still put on a strict expression. “Don't forget what you've promised me earlier.” .
Benny felt even more guilty.
He had already given Roxanne a shock of her life by going missing yesterday. And now, he had made her worry again.
At that thought, Benny pursed his lips, walked to Roxanne, and carefully tugged at the hem of her top. “Sorry, Mommy. | don't want to play anymore.”
Seeing his dejected looks, Roxanne sighed helplessly and patted his head. “I'm not blaming you. It's just that | worry for you st like how you children were worried for me when | was underwater for a long time. now you can swim, but I'm still worried that you might fall into the water.”
On top of that, the children were still very young. She could not help but worry about them falling into the sea after being touched by the dolphins.
She feared they might panic and forget how to swim when that happened.
After hearing Roxanne’s words, Benny nodded obediently. “Okay, Mommy.”
Roxanne smiled. “It's good that you understand. Go along and play. I'll watch you kids from here.” However, Benny merely stood there guiltily.
He did not move until Roxanne gave him a gentle push on the shoulder.
When Benny was out of earshot, Roxanne turned to Lucian and thanked him, “Thank you.”
Lucian merely nodded without saying a word. 
###Chapter 567
Chapter 567
Ultimately, they were children. Despite what happened earlier, Benny returned to his happy self after playing with the dolphins. Seeing it was almost time, the staff in front reminded, “Mr. Farwell, it's time to return.”
Lucian gave him a brief answer and turned to the children standing on the deck. “Come here. It's time to go back.”
However, the children still continued patting the dolphins‘ heads, reluctant to leave.
Seeing that, Lucian frowned. He had no idea how to get them to come back.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was amused to see Lucian‘s troubled looks. She stepped forward and said gently, “We're going back. Let's say goodbye to the dolphins.”
With that, she held the children’s wrist.
Only then did the children return to reality and wave at the dolphins reluctantly. “We're going back! Goodbye!”
As if understanding their words, the dolphins leaped into the air one by one.
When Archie and Benny were waving at the dolphins, they felt a wet and slippery feeling on their faces.
The children were taken aback for a moment, and they stared at the two dolphins that had just returned to the sea in surprise. They had been trying hard to get a kiss from the dolphins.
Never did they expect the dolphins to suddenly give them one when they were about to leave.
“It looks like the dolphins like both of you too. All right, say goodbye to them. We'll come back to visit them again next time,” said Roxanne with a smile.
The children nodded, waving enthusiastically. “Goodbye! We'll come back to see all of you again!” They kept looking back as they returned to their seats.
However, nothing appeared from the waters, as if the dolphins never existed in the first place. The children could not help but feel a little disappointed.
Suddenly, they saw some dolphins constantly leaping from the waters on both sides of the yacht as if they were sending them off.
Finally, smiles appeared on the children‘s faces,
“These dolphins will still follow us for some distance. You still have time to say your goodbyes to
them,” said the staff with a smile.
The children nodded happily and fixed their gazes on the dolphins swimming beside the yacht.
As the yacht traveled further across the sea, the number of dolphins reduced.
The children’s faces, too, were slowly shrouded with disappointment.
They had not transitioned out of their emotions by the time they arrived ashore.
Sensing the children’s emotions, Roxanne patted their heads and took out her camera to show them the pictures she took just now. “Don't be sad, okay? Look. The dolphins are still with you, aren't they?”
The children craned their sto glimpse at the picture. Seeing it was a picture of them playing with the dolphins, they fina.., smiled. At the same time, Lucian‘s expression relaxed when he saw the pictures on the camera.
“Mommy, we must go back to see them next time!” Benny gave Roxanne a serious look.
Laughing, Roxanne promised, “Okay. I'll definitely bring you back next time.”
The boys were not the only ones who liked it there. She, too, loved the view of the sea.
After going through the pictures for some time, Roxanne put away the camera and suggested to Lucian, “Let's go back first. The kids need to get changed.”
The children were drenched from playing with the dolphins. Moreover, the sun was setting, and the sea breeze was a little chilly. Roxanne was worried that the children might catch a cold.
Lucian nodded indifferently.
Hence, both of them brought the children back to the hotel. 
###Chapter 568
Chapter 568
Chapter 568 Al the hotel room, Roxanne and Lucian cleaned up the children, helped them to change, and brought them out again.
It was already evening. The breeze was slightly chilly, with a faint smell of the sea. It was a comfortable feeling as it blew on their faces.
Roxanne brought the children to the beach as she had promised them that morning.
It was extremely different compared to how crowded it was yesterday. There were very few people on the beach, and the whole place looked serene.
The waves crashed gently against the shore, creating a peaceful scenery.
Unable to hold herself b Roxanne removed her shoes and brought the children for a stroll on the beach barefooted, allowing their feel to feel the soft sand.
Suddenly. Estella shouted with surprise, “Ah!” Roxanne turned over to look at her, only to find Estella squatting down carefully and picking up a colorful conch from the sand. “Look, Ms. Jarvis!” Estella brought the conch to Roxanne, looking excited.
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled. “What a beautiful conch! You can keep this, Essie. You can use it for your arts and crafts next time.”
Estella, too, looked really happy with her finding. Carefully, she cleaned the conch and studied it curiously for a long time.
Though the Farwell family was rich, Estella never traveled far due to her autism. Hence, she had only seen things like that in books.
In fact, it was her first time touching a conch. She stroked it lovingly. So, this is a conch! It's so pretty!
The smile on Roxanne’s face deepened when she saw how much Estella liked the conch. Roxanne took the conch and placed it beside Estella’s ear.
Estella tilted her head and shot her a puzzled look.
“Listen. Legend says conches have the sound of the waves. Can you hear it?” Roxanne gazed at Estella with a smile. When Estella heard that, her eyes lit up, and she listened attentively.
After some time, she nodded vehemently. “Yes! | hear it!”
This time, it was Roxanne who was surprised.
Roxanne was only playing with Estella. Never did she expect the kid to give her a definite answer.
For a moment, Roxanne could not help but doubt herself.
Archie and Benny came over when Estella said she heard the sound of waves in the conch. “We want to listen to it, too!” Still feeling dubious, Roxanne placed the conch at the boys‘ ears.
After some time, Archie and Benny nodded vigorously, their eyes sparkling.
Their reactions filled Roxanne with greater suspicion. Unable to fight her curiosity, she placed the conch beside her ear and held her breath.
However, there was no sound. All she heard was the gentle breeze.
Frowning slightly, she then looked at the children, who made it look like a big deal.
Lucian walked up behind them. Seeing her expression, he asked in puzzlement, “What's up?”
After hesitating for a few seconds, Roxanne was about to dismiss the matter by saying she was fine, but Estella‘s voice rang out before Roxanne's.
“Daddy! A conch!” Estella grabbed Roxanne’s wrist and leaped with all her might, wanting to let Lucian listen to it. Lucian frowned. “A conch? What about it?”
Estella said seriously, “There‘s a sound in it!”
As soon as he heard that, Lucian turned to glance at Roxanne.
He figured Roxanne had said something to them.
“Daddy, listen!” Estella was persistent in making Lucian listen to it.
After all, Archie, Benny, and Roxanne had listened to it. Lucian was the only one left. 
###Chapter 569
Chapter 569
Extella’s persistence macie Roxanne ilash Lucian an awkward smile. She then stretched out her ann, wanting to hand him the conch.
To her surprise, Lucian grabbed hier wrist and brought the conch to his car. Roxanne’s hand was so close to his face that her palm could touch his face if she moved it a little.
Realizing that, Roxanne’s face stillened, and she clenched her teeth as she did everything she could to fix her wrist at certain angle.
Along moment passed before he let go of her hand.
*How was it? Did you hear anything?” Estella stared at him expectantly.
Lucian tast Roxanne an unfathomable gaze and raised a brow, answering, “Yep. | heard it.”
Estella squealed with excitement when her father confirmed it.
Roxanne noticed him glancing at her earlier, and she felt as if an electric current ran through her veins.
After taking a few seconds to recollect herself, she smiled at the children as if nothing had happened. “All right. Let’s go find some more, or else they'll be taken by the boys.”
Taking the conch from Roxanne, Estella nodded, held the former’s hand, and walked forward.
Meanwhile, after having heard the sound in the conch, Archie and Benny dashed off eagerly to find their own conch.
Roxanne took Estella’s hand while walking behind the boys, occasionally glancing at them to make sure that they were safe. Suddenly, the boys halted in their tracks and squatted, their cyes seemed to be fixed on something
Focling curious, Roxanne hurried over with Estella.
“Mommy, looki” The boys pointed at the tiny crab on the beach.
Acrab as big as a thumb came into her view, and it was timidly crawling into a milky white conch
As if shocked by the presence of humans, the crab covered its eyes with its pincers and continued Crawling into the conch. “How can we make it come out!” Benny eyed the conch with frustration
| had not been easy for them to find one. And now, there was a crab in it, which prevented them from taking the conch. Roxanne shook ler head at the boys. “This is a hermit crab. The conch is its home, Let’s not disturb it and look for another one.” When they card her say that, the boys stared at the conchi curiously for another long period of time. They even tapped in gently, saying with a sweet voice, “I ley, little herinit crab. Let's play together!”
Their actions shocked the hermit crab, causing its little body to quickly come out of the conch and flee from them.
Seeing the creature leave, the children looked at Roxanne guiltily.
They just wanted to play with it, but they never expected the hermit crab to be so frightened.
Roxanne smiled and consoled, “Let's go. Maybe it'll come back when we’re gone.”
Hearing that, the children nodded and walked forward. At the same time, they kept turning around to see if the hermit crab would return.
Alas, there was no sign of the hermit crab, even when they had lost sight of the conch. The children were upset for a while, but they were quickly distracted by something else.
As Roxanne walked with the children, she occasionally squatted to pick up a few seashells. She wanted to use them to make a necklace for Estella.
Meanwhile, Lucian followed behind them at a moderate distance. Arare, warm gaze poured out from his eyes as he watched them from behind. 
###Chapter 570
It was getting dark by the beach, yet the crowd was getting larger and larger. Roxanne’s anxiousness flared as she recalled the incident the night before.
Even though a dily had passed, she was still worried when she saw the large crowd. She hurricdly rounded up the kids and left the beach.
Coincidently, it was dinner time. Lucian took them straight to a nearby restaurant,
The kids’ pockets were full of sea shells. They emptied their pockets and set all the shells on the table before launching into a debate over who owned the best-looking shell.
Roxanne’s eyes softened and laced with amusement as she watched the kids hard selling the shells in their possession.
After a moment, a waiter came to their table with their food. Seeing that, the kids unwillingly kept all their shells.
Both kids and adults were starved after spending the entire afternoon at the beach, so they were silent as they dug into their meals.
After dinner, Roxanne and Lucian took the kids to a craft workshop.
The workshop had a variety of tools and materials to provide their customers with the opportunity to explore their creativity and skills.
Roxanne and the kids sat in a row as they started working on their pieces.
Meanwhile, Lucian sat on the side, waiting for them to finishi. He would occasionally help the kids with the polishing or sanding but left the rest to the kids.
Estella stared intently at the first shell she picked up with a frown as though she was waiting for an idea to pop up in her mind.
She wanted to gift the shell to Roxanne but didn’t know what she should make.
After contemplating it for a long while, Estella carefully tugged on Lucian’s sleeve and yanked him to her station.
Lucian cast the little girl a confused look.
“Daddy.” Estella shot him a pleading look. “I want to give this to Ms. Jarvis as a present, but I don’t know what to make.”
Lucian’s brow arched at the request. I never thought she would want to give Raranne a present, but doing handicrafis wasn‘t wy fort e.
Creases formed on bis forehead whien he couldn’t come up with an idea. “I’m sure she’ll like anything you make
His answer was no help to Estella.
She gave Luciana disappointing look and returned to her scat with her brows furrowed.
Roxanne went up to Estella looking all concerned when she saw Estclla scrunching her brows. “What’s wrong, Essic? Do you need help? I can help you.”
Estella stared at Roxanne for a few seconds before she rcached for her shell and showed it to Roxanne. “What should I do with this, Ms. Jarvis?” she asked, fcigning as though it wasn’t a present for her.
Roxanne looked at the shell in Estella’s hand and was troubled when she couldn’t come up with an immediate answer to lier question.
After mulling over it briefly, she suggested, “You can make it into a keychain. It’s simple. All you have to do is punch a hole at the end.”
Estella’s eyes brightened at the suggestion. She obediently nodded her head. “Thank you, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne smiled and returned to her station to finish her craft.
Lucian was surprised when he saw Roxanne had a shell on her desk too. He didn’t notice when she picked it up from the beach. He watched as she reached for two thin wires and carefully glued the shell onto them. Despite hier busy hands, she would occasionally slide her gaze to the side to check on Estella.
An overwhelming mix of emotions stirred within Lucian when he saw what she was making.
These two are oblivious to each other‘s identities, but they think alike.
He turned his gaze to Archic and Benny.
After studying them for a while, he had no clue what the boys were making. He watched as they swiped across the tablet the workshop provided for one moment, then carefully polished their shells the next.
Lucian observed them for a little longer but still had no idea what they were making, so he retracted his gaze from them.
###Chapter 571
Chapter 571
Roxanne finished her bracelet soon after. When she swung her gaze to the side, she saw Estella's head was still buried over her desk, so she silently sat at her station, waiting for Estella to finish.
"Ms. Jarvis!"
A while later, Estella's voice rang out beside her. She turned around to see a finished sea shell keychain dangling in front of her. Roxanne was stunned briefly. Thinking Estella wanted her to comment on her craft, Roxanne praised, "It's beautiful."
The shell Estella picked up was already pretty and calorful by itself. When Estella attached a blue chain to the shell, the final product lacked lovely.
It'll look great to hang on Essie's bag.
Delight filled Roxanne's eyes at the thought of Estella walking around carrying a bag with the sea shell keychain.
The next second, Estella's voice rang again. "This is for you!"
The smile on Roxanne's face stiffened for a while before casting a look of disbelief at the little girl.
I remembered how happy Estella was when she picked up the seashell. Yet, she's willing to part with something she loves so much as a present to me. So she was distressed earlier about what to give me.
A hint of guilt surged within Roxanne at the realization.
I don't know what's so good about me that makes her like me so much.
Estella thought Roxanne didn't like her present when Roxanne didn't respond. Her shoulders slumped, looking crestfallen. "You don't like it, Ms. Jarvis?"
But I did it exactly as Ms. Jarvis told me.
Estella's voice pulled Roxanne's thoughts back. More guilt surged within her when she caught the sad look on Estella's face.
"No. I... I love it. Thank you, Essle. Roxanne suppressed the guilt in her heart and reached for the keychain in Estella's grip with a smile.
Seeing Roxanne accepting her present, a smile returned to her face.
Roxanne carefully kept the keychain in her purse, then reached for the bracelet she made. When she held onto Estella's wrist, Estella was confused but still lifted her wrist nonetheless.
Soon after, she watched as Roxanne clasped an exquisite seashell bracelet over her wrist.
Estella's eyes sparkled seeing the accessory
Roxanne compared Estella's wrist with the length of the bracelet and let out a breath of relief when they fit. "I have a present for you too. Do you like it?" she asked with a smile.
Estella nodded her head with her gaze glued to the bracelet and applied the words she learned from Lucian. "I love everything Ms. Jarvis gives me!"
Roxanne laughed at her words.
She only learned how to speak recently, yet she already knew how to make me happy with sweet words.
Estella was earnest, though. She looked down at the bracelet on her wrist, unwilling to tear her gaze away.
Seeing how much Estella loved the bracelet, Roxanne felt guilty about having to give her cold shoulders in the future.
She turned her attention to the boys and noticed that they were still busy. They were working so hard that there was even a thin sheen of sweat on their foreheads.
Roxanne's curiosity piqued at what the boys were making that deserved their utmost attention.
"Archie, Benny, what are you guys making?" Roxanne asked after watching them for a while.
Maybe she was reading too much into things, but she saw the boys peek at Lucian after she asked them.
The boys didn't let Roxanne think further when they chorused, "It's a secret!"
###Chapter 572
Chapter 572
Puzzlement flashed across Roxanne’s eyes at the boys’ answer.
It was the first in all the years that they kept a secret from her.
Roxanne’s curiosity heightened at their final product.
She started losing track of the time when the boys finally finished their crafts.
Aglimpse at their finished craft and Roxanne was sure about her earlier assumption about the boys stealthily glancing at Lucian. Even Lucian felt their gazes and frowned with confusion.
Archie and Benny sneakily hid their crafts in their hands and ran around the workshop, searching for something. They stopped in front of a white shell with a fluorescent glow and were relieved when their craft could fit into it after opening it.
The shell was for sale, so the boys dug into their pockets for money. After paying for the shell, they cautiously walked over to Lucian.
Seeing the boys standing in front of him, the creases on Lucian’s forehead deepened. He wondered if the boys were planning to gift him their handicraft.
However, he dashed away that thought instantly when he recalled the boys’ attitude toward him. Right after he dismissed the idea, the boys shyly lifted the shell in their hands to him. “This is for you, Mr. Farwell.” Lucian and Roxanne were stunned at the scene.
Lucian was confused. Don't the boys always consider me their enemy? Did last night's incident change their mind? So their perception of me changed just because of that?
Lucian silently pondered the reason for the change in their attitude,
The boys’ arms were still outstretched with the shell in their hands.
They wanted to give Lucian a present, but their expression seemed nervous.
After a long winle, Roxanne reminded, “Mr. Farwell, please accept it, seeing that it’s the boys’ sweet thouden.” Roxante cast a complex gaze at ile boys.
She was beginning to suspect if the boys had found out about their identities.
Lucian finally snapped out of his thoughts and took the shell from the boy’s hand at Roxanne’s reminder
He opened the shell and saw a pair of exquisite-looking cull links made of tiny shells sitting in the middle
So they worked so hard carlier to make this pair of cul links for me?
Apang hit Lucian’s heart, and he asked, “Why would you give me a present?”
The boys exchanged a glance, and Benny dropped his head shyly while Archic answered, “This is our gratitude for your help in finding Benny yesterday and stopping him from doing something dangerous on the yacht today.”
Understanding dawned on Lucian, and a smile tugged at the corners of his lips. “I'll accept this gift, then. Thank you.” Archie and Benny exhaled a breath of relief when Lucian accepted their gift. Something indescribable rose within Roxanne at the boys’ answer.
She admitted that Lucian had helped them a lot in the past two days and the boys should be grateful to him, but their change in attitude was a complete hundred eighty.
Roxanne was worried that they would grow closer to Lucian, and he would soon find out about their identities. It would be hard for her to reject him if Lucian wanted to take them away from her.
Fear crept up her out at the thought, 
###Chapter 573
Chapter 573
“It's getting late.”
Roxanne kept the dread in check as she walked up to the boys. “Let's head back.”
She acted as though nothing was wrong when she reached for the boys’ hands and tugged them away from Lucian’s side. The boys didn’t notice the change in their mother’s mood and simply nodded their heads obcdicntly.
However, Lucian caught her retreating steps after she took the boys’ hands. His expression darkened at the sight.
Her intention is obvious. She's worried about the boys getting too close to me.So was she part of the reason for the boys‘ resentment toward me? Does she hate me so much?
Roxanne gave him a nod, then tugged the boys over to the counter to settle the bill. She hurriedly led them out of the workshop after, forgetting that Estella was still inside.
Estella sat at her station dazed, confused about what had happened.
| just exchanged my present with Ms. Jarvis a while ago, then she already took Archie and Benny away in a blink of an eye, leaving Daddy and me here.
Slowly, she turned to her father with an assessing gaze, wondering if he made Roxanne angry again. Lucian sensed her gaze and felt his head aching. “Essic, come on. We should be heading back 100.”
I'm used to getting the cold shoulders from Roxanne, Archie, and Benny, but now even my own daughter is taking their side and suspecting that | was the cause of Roranne’s change of mood.
Estella pouted as she dragged her feet over to Lucian’s side. Lucian reached for her hand but did not get her.
Dipping his gaze, he saw Estella grasping onto the hem of his shirt in a depressed mood. Her gaze lingered at the door where the trio left.
Lucian’s browsfurrowed at her look but still led her after them. They needed to pass through the beach to get back to their rooms. It was the busiest time on the beach.
Even though the crowd was smaller compared to the night before with the firework display, Roxanne and Lucian still kept a close watch on the children.
“Daddy!” Estella vanked on the hom of her father’s shirt roughly when Roxanne didn’t look over her shoulder at her even once.
Lucian dropped his gaze as he could not read what was on Roxanne’s mind,
Estella glared at him as she asked, “Did you make Ms. Jarvis mad again?” Lucian’s cyclid twitched at hier interrogation. Well, | was right. She‘s blaming me.
Lucian stayed silent for a few seconds to suppress his feeling before he asked, “Didn’t you see what happened earlier? Do you think | was the one who made her angry?”
Estella contemplated with a frown at her father’s rebuttal.
She slowly shook her head. “I can’t think of anything you did that would make her angry.”
All Daddy did was accept Archie’s and Benny's presents, then Ms. Jarvis took them away. That can't be Daddy’s fault. Lucian nodded and swung his dark gaze at the woman walking in front of him. “I can’t think of anything too.”
Everything was going stuimmingly, but afier | accepted the boys presents. Rorannes erpression changed, and she hurriedly took the boys away. She even left Essie there. Does she want the boys to keep their distance from me so badly? 
###Chapter 574
Chapter 574
Both Archic and Benny were holding hands with Roxanne as they walked. Roxanne had been silent the entire way, and the twins couldn’t help but worry for her.
They had no idea what happened, but they could tell that all of a sudden, their mother was unhappy “Mommy...” Benny cautiously called out to her. “Are we not taking Essic with us anymore?”
Roxanne snapped back to reality when she licard him. She then remembered that she had forgotten about Estella due to her fear.
However, it was not possible for her to go back to pick the young child up then. Roxanne hesitated for a while before caressing Benny’s head. “Mr. Farewell will bring Essic home.” Archic and Benny nodded at that. “Mommy. why are you sad? Weren't we having loads of fun just now they couldn’t help but ask.
Although they had been focusing on doing artwork, they were aware that Estella and their 11ther lud exchanged gifts with each other.
Roxanne should have been happy about it.
However, she seemed to be in a panic instead.
Archie frowned as he looked up at his mother. “Is it because we gave Mr. Farwell a gift?”
Alook of astonishment flashed in her eyes as she was taken aback by his words.
Archic gripped Roxanne’s hand tightly.
Now that he had found out about his family background, he naturally know what his mother was worried about.
“We gave Mr. Farwell gifts because he had helped us out a lot these two days,” Archic said with a serious expression. “If you don’t like it, we will avoid Mr. Farwell in the future, Mommy.”
Benny joined in as well. “We love you the most, Mommy. We won't like anyone you don’t!”
Although those words were what they said, they still felt saddened.
They had been happily spending time with Lucian during these few days. The latter had been taking good care of them as well. If it was possible, Archie and Benny wanted their parents to get back together.
However, Roxanne obviously did not think the same way. Therefore, the twins could only respect her wishes.
Roxanne was moved by their words, but she did not want them to know that she was afraid. She could not show that she was fearful.
Upon listening to her children, she pursed her lips and smilel. “Mommy loves you two the most too.”
Archic and Benny smiled sweetly at her.
Benny, however, could not help but look back
Just as he did, his cyes met Estella’s aggrieved gaze,
When their gazes met. Benny quickly mugged at Roxanne’s hand. “Mommy, Essie’s behind us! Should we wait for her.”
Roxanne instinctively turned back to look as well.
However, she ended up locking eyes with Lucian who had an linfathomable look. Her heart clenched, and she quickly looked away, not even sparing Estella a glance.
—There’s no need for that. Mr. Farwell is there with her,” she told Archic and Benny as she turned back around. Roxanne tried to suppress the panic inside her.
Because Benny noticed the sad look on Estella’s face, he wanted to say something further.
Moreover, Roxanne might start avoiding Estella again after returning from the trip.
He liad been hoping that Estella would be able to spend more time with Roxanne.
Regardless, when he noticed Roxanne’s expression, he could only keep quict.
Suddenly, Roxanne halted in her tracks and turned around to face the duo behind her.
Noticing her movements, Lucian and Estella stopped walking
“Please go on ahead and take the children back, Mr. Farwell. | want to stay here for a while,” Roxanne said with a distant look.
When she thought of how she had to stay under the same roof withi Lucian after returning to the hotel, her heart was filled with mixed feelings.
After mulling it over, Roxanne decided to remain on the beach to calm down.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 575
Chapter 575
Chapter 575 Lucian’s cycbrows furrowed as he glanced at the twins next to her. We're going to stay with Mommy!” Both of them held Roxanne’s hands tightly.
Roxanne had no other choice but to let her children stay with her. She then said to Lucian. “You can yo on ahead and take Estella home, Mr. Farwell. The kids and | will go back after a while.”
Lucian could notice Estella tugging the ends of his shirt strongly. It was clear that she did not want to leave as well.
However, Roxanne had already turned around to leave with Archic and Benny. “Ms. Jarvis...” Estella looked at Roxanne sadly.
Lucian’s gaze darkened. In the end, he still worried for the three of them, but he knew that Roxanne would not want him and Estella to tag along. Hence, he decided to take Estella toa ncarby restaurant to wait for them.
Roxanne, on the other hand, brought Archie and Benny over to a place that was not as crowded. She took off her shoes and sat down on the sand.
With the refreshing sea breeze blowing on her face, she soon started to calm down.
Archie and Benny remained by her side. As they could tell that Roxanne was not in a good mood, they did not dare to play around ind instead sat down quictly next to her.
It was after a long while that Roxanne had calmed down finally. She then stood up and rubbed the boys’ heads. “Let's go.”
Realizing that their mother looked much better, they both breathed a sigh of relief. They held onto Roxanne’s hand and made a move to stand up.
— Roxanne was about to pull them up when she suddenly felt a sharp pain underneath her foot. She made a sound of pain when something seemed to have scraped her foot.
Both Archie and Benny were shocked at her sudden reaction. They quickly stood up and patted the sand off their clothes before helping Roxanne to sit back down on the beach.
“What's wrong. Mommy?”
Roxanne tried her best to endure the pain as she looked down at the spot that she had been standing on.
All she saw was a shell silently laying on the sand. There were traces of her blood on the sharp edge of the shell.
Archie and Benny looked at where their mother was staring and instantly noticed the blood stained shell. “Mommy, you're hurt!” 1/2
Realizing that she had worried her children, Roxanne forced a smile. “It’s all right. Help me up.** She tried to comfort them: However, both Archic and Benny promptly declined, “You're buurt.llow are you going to stand
up?”
The twins did not know what to do
In the midst of their anxiousness, Lucian was die first person that popped into their minds.
Archie lightly tugged at his brother and whispered next to his car. “I’m going to find Daddy. Take care of Mommy
Benny nodded.
“Mommy. I’m going to get someone to help us!” Archic said to Roxanne before running away without looking back.
Roxanne worriedly tried to stop the young boy from leaving, but the latter did not even turn back as he walked away.
“Don’t worry. Mommy. Archie won’t get lost. We're very smart,” Benny comforted her.
Since Archie had already run too far off, Roxanne could only calm down and direct Benny on how to do some simple disinfection.
On the other hand. Lucian was staring in the direction of where Roxanne and the boys had left. An uncomfortable feeling rose in his heart.
Suddenly, Estella tugged at his shirt and exclaimed, “It’s Archic!” She pointed toward the crowd as she spoke. Lucian looked in the direction of her finger and noticed Archic running toward the hotel.
Seeing that, Lucian’s gaze darkened. He picked Estella up with one hand and strode over to the young boy, “Why are you alone? Where are Benny and your mother?”
Archie skidded to a stop. panting. He grabbed onto Lucian’s clothes and started explaining in a tense voice, “Mommy... Mommy's hurt! Hurry up and come with me, Mr. Farwell!”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 576
Hearing Archie’s words, Lucian’s face instantly darkened, “Where is she? Take us there!”
Archie instantly ran toward the beach.
With Estella in his arms, Lucian followed in long strides behind the boy.
Roxanne was still worried about Archic, who had run oll alonc. After a while, she gently said to Benny, “Help me up. Benny. Let’s go look for Archic.”
However, the latter shook his head without hesitation. “You’re hurt, Mommy. You can’t move. Archie will bring somcone over soon.”
Roxanne’s eyebrows furrowed slightly at Benny’s reaction. “I’m worried for Archie. Although I know that both of you are more than capable to take care of yourselves, I’ll still be worried,” she patiently tried to convince him.
Listening to his mother’s words, Benny seemed to hesitate.
He did not want Roxanne’s injury to worsen, but he also did not want her to worry for them.
Just as Benny was contemplating listening to his mother and helping her up, Archie’s voice could be heard from afar.
“Mommy! Mommy! I’ve brought someone!” he shouted as he breathed heavily.
Roxanne immediately heaved a sigh of relief when she heard Archie.
Thank goodness he did not get lost, and he actually brought someone over to help.
“I’m sorry for bothering you. My kids are worried because I’ve been lightly injured,” Roxanne quickly apologized politely even though she could not clearly see who had arrived.
– The words had barely left her mouth when she heard Estella’s voice. “Ms. Jarvis…” She sounded as though she was on the verge of crying.
Roxanne was instantly stunned as a ridiculous thought flashed across her mind.
But the very next second, Estella’s tiny figure appeared within her line of vision.
Roxanne subconsciously looked behind Estella.
Under the noonlight, all she could see was Lucian’s all figure walking over in big strides.
Her words got caught in her throat as she stared at the man walking over. She did not know how to react at that moment.
Her previous attempts on avoiding Lucian must have been noticed by him as well.
However, in just a sudden turn of events, she found hersell relying on him once again.
Mixed feelings rose within her heart.
Both Archic and Estella quickly ran over to her.
Estella looked at Roxanne with worry evident in der eyes, ller uze then landed on Roxanne’s foot. “Ms. Jarvis, is your leg hurt?” she asked in a soli voicc.
As she spoke, Estella crouchetown and carefully touched the skin surrounding the wound,
When she looked back at Roxanne, Estella’s cyes ad rcddened, and there were tears welling up in them.
Roxanne rushed to comfort the young girl. “I’m fine. I stepped on a shell and it cut my skin. I’ll just have to bandage the wound, and it will heal quickly in just two days. Don’t be afraid, Essic.”
Estella bit her lip while her face was filled with worry. She looked up at her father and said, “Daddy, Ms. Jarvis’ foot…”
Lucian had already walked over to them and had noticed the wound on Roxanne’s leg. He remained quiet all the while.
It was until Estella called out to him that he stopped staring at Roxanne’s injured foot. He looked over at the woman, who was still sitting on the sand.
Roxanne, too, subconsciously looked at the man next to her.
As their eyes met, Roxanne blinked and quickly averted her eyes. Instead, she smiled nonchalantly and said, “The wound isn’t too deep. I’m sorry for troubling you. The kids were too anxious and went to look for you. I’m actually all right on my own.”
As she spoke, she turned to look at the twins next to her. “Archic, Benny, help me up,” she said in a slightly serious tone.
Both Archic and Benny already noticed that their mother was trying to avoid Lucian, but they were more worried that hier injury might get worse.
L’pon hearing Roxanne’s instructions, they looked at each other hesitantly. Even after a short pause, the boys remained standing still.
###Chapter 577
Chapter 577
The atmosphere turned awkward.
Noticing that her children weren’t making a move, Roxanne fell into a dilemma. She thought that Lucian had already returned to the hotel with Estella.
Therefore, even though Archic rani off to find help, Roxanne had assumed that he would bring a stranger back
She did not expect for him to drag Lucian back here.
Roxanne was trying to act tough in front of them, but Archie and Benny weren’t allowing her to do that. In the end, they did not make a move to help her at all.
No one made a move for a while.
Roxanne gritted her teeth and placed a hand on the ground in order to push herself up.
Lucian seemed to have noticed what she was about to do for a look of displeasure flashed across his eyes. Roxanne’s movements froze.
In the next moment, Lucian made a move.
Under Roxanne’s gaze, he walked over to her and bent over to take hold of her ankle.
She instinctively tried to avoid his touch, but she was too slow. Lucian had seized hold of her ankle and raised it up.
Feeling his fingers brush across her wound, Roxanne reflexively tried to pull her leg back, and Lucian also let go of her ankle at the same time.
Just as she was about to breathe a sigh of relief, Lucian stood back up and walked over to her side. He seemed to have noticed something for his brows furrowed. In a fluid motion, he took off liis coat.
Roxanne frowned at the sight. “Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Farwell, but I’m not cold.”
However, Lucian ignored her protests and sternly placed his coat over her shoulders. “You're hurt, Ms. Jarvis. The children are already so worried, and if you catch a cold, Essic might start crying again.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne’s lips quivered, but she could not say anything to turn him down.
Lucian suddenly moved to shorten the distance between them.
Roxanne could clearly feel his large hand pressing onto her waist. He then swiftly carried her up.
She instinctively grabbed onto Lucian’s shirt in order to balance herself.
“| can walk just fine. You just need to support me,” Roxanne said adamantly after recovering from her initial shock. Then, she struggled to get down.
The children were all looking at them. She shouldn't be so intimate with Lucian.
However, Lucian refused to let that happen.
All Roxanne felt was his land tightening on lier waist. “You're a doctor, Ms. Jarvis. Aren’t you afraid that your wound would get infected if it comes into contact with dust and scawatcr?” llis low voice rang next to her cars.
Before Roxanne could even react, the children suurted to panic.
“Mommy, your feet shouldn’t touch the ground!”
“Ms. Jarvis...” Estella’s voice was full of concern.
Roxanne hesitated upon realizing that the kids were too worried about her to notice the intimate actions between her and Lucian. She then decided to keep quiet and obediently lay in Lucian’s amms.
Since Lucian had given her his coat, all he was wearing underneath was a thin shirt. In order to stabilize herself, Roxanne placed a hand on Lucian’s chest. She could clearly feel the warmth radiating from him.
Maybe it was just her imagination, but that heat seemed to have warmed her up as well. Even her face started to flare up. Lucian basically carried her across the beach. Roxanne, however, could feel everyone staring on her.
There were even some people gossiping about them. They were all discussing the couple who were publicly displaying their affection.
Noticing the commotion around her, Roxanne buried her head against Lucian’s chest, trying her absolute best to hide to avoid everyone’s gaze.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 578
Chapter 578
Lucian noticed how she was behaving, and his hands that were carrying her tightened.
The three children alltugged Lucian’s clothes as they followed after him. Their eyes were locked onto the woman in his ann. Lucian carried Roxanne all the way to a nearby clinic. Once they arrived, he carefully placed her down on the chair.
It was clear that the clinic’s doctor had dealt with such injuries before, for he was advising Roxanne as lic cleaned her wound, “It's comfortable to run on the beach without shoes, but it'll be hard to see what's hidden in the sand at night. Please be more carcful in the future.”
Roxanne agreed as lier face reddened slightly in embarrassment.
“It's not a serious injury, but you have to take good care of it. Be careful when you walk during these two days, and try not to apply pressure on it. Furthermore, the wound must not get wet,” the doctor reminded her after he was done.
Roxanne’s eyebrows were furrowed as she tried to endure the pain. Before she could even react to the doctor’s advice, Lucian, who had been by her side, answered on her behalf. “All right. Thank you, doctor.”
The doctor thought that they were married, and thus he sincerely advised Lucian. “Go home and take good care of your wife. It'll be hard for her to move around with a leg injury.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne instinctively tried to explain, “You've misunderstood. We're not-” “| will” Lucian interrupted in a low voice.
Seeing both of their reactions, the doctor chuckled kilowingly. “Are you fighting with each other? If you two weren’t married, why was there such a grand entrance? | was cleaning your wound, but this man seemed to be more anxious than you are.”
Roxanne frowned slightly as she looked up at the man next to her. A look of confusion flashed across her cyes. Lucian, on the other hand, nodded and made his way to settle the bill with the doctor. He then carne back to her. Noticing that he was bending over her, Roxannc’s body stitlened, and was about to push him away, “I can walk.” Just as she spoke, she had already been carried up into the air.
Roxanne made a soft sound of surprise as she grabbed onto his strong arm subconsciously.
The doctor stood by the side as he saw the scene unfold. A knowing smile appeared on his face.
Roxanne frowned, but she knew that she would not be able to break through Lucian’s. Therefore, she stopped struggling and awkwardly smiled at the doctor, allowing Lucian to carry lier out of
the clinic The three children carried Roxanne’s shoes as they quickly walked behind Lucian
Once they arrived at the hotel, Lucian had just placed Roxanne down on the couch when all three of them quickly surrounded her. “Mommy!”
Roxanne was still having mixed feelings about what happence until she saw the worried look on their faces. She forced a comforting smile at them. “I’m okay.li’s just a small injury. Didn’t you hear the doctor just now? Alll have to do is to rest for two days. It was my fault for being careless.
There’s no need to blame yourselves.”
The three children pouted as sadness was written all over their faces.
“Pack your things up. We’re going home,” Lucian’s voice rang out from the side.
“The three children instantly nodded obediently and ran upstairs to pack their bags.
Koxanne, however, had her eyebrows furrowed in disagreement. “Weren't we supposed to go to the hot springs?
The main ive of their trip here was to the hot springs.
Lucian frowned at her. “You’re already injured. How are you supposed to go to the hot springs:
“Even if | can’t go, the kids can. You should take thiem there. | can wait here. They shouldn't end the trip carly because I’m injured.” Roxanne looked at the stairs where the children had run off to,
Lucian rejected coldly, “We can always come back next time.”
With that, he left no room for Roxanne to and went upstairs to help the children to pack their belongings.
###Chapter 579
Chapter 579
Chapter 579 The group soon left the hotel in the middle of the night and headed back to the city.
It was different from how they arrived. On the way home, Archie sat in the front passenger seat in order to allow Roxanne to sit comfortably while Estella and Benny accompanied Roxanne in the back seat.
All three children kept staring at her injured foot, and Roxanne did not know whether to cry at that.
gh or
They finally arrived at the entrance of the mansion. With her hand on the car seat to support her, Roxanne carefully tried to get out of the car. Just as she reached the door, a pair of big hands reached out and were placed on her waist, carrying her up.
Roxanne was stunned for a few seconds. However, after realizing that the kids had already seen this happen many times after she got injured and probably wouldn't think much of it, there was no need for her to reject Lucian. Therefore, she allowed him to carry her into the mansion.
Just as they entered, Lysa walked over to meet them. When she saw that Roxanne was in Lucian‘s arms, her eyes were filled with surprise. “What's going on? Are you sick, Ms. Jarvis?”
The children rushed to explain, “Mommy hurt her foot.”
Upon hearing that, Lysa looked at Roxanne’s feet with worry evident in her eyes. She noticed that a shoe was dangling off one of the latter's feel and there was gauze wrapped around it.
Lysa‘s face was full of worry as she helped Lucian to place Roxanne down on the couch. “How did you injure yourself so badly?” she asked in concern.
Roxanne responded with a comforting smile. “I accidentally scraped my foot on a seashell. It's not a big deal. It'll heal after resting at home for two days.”
Regardless, the worried expression on Lysa‘s face did not fade. “It's fortunate that you were there with Ms. Jarvis, Mr. Farwell. Thank you for sending her back even though it's so late,” she thanked Lucian.
Lucian nodded and replied, “Please take good care of her these two days. Try not to let her walk, and keep her wound dry.” Lysa agreed at once.
Aweird feeling rose in Roxanne’s heart when she noticed that Lucian was acting like the head of the house. “It's getting late. You should take Essie home soon, Mr. Farwell. I'll thank you properly for everything you did today,” she piped up.
Her words triggered a grim expression on Lucian‘s face.
Even though they had been interacting a lot these two days, Roxanne was still cold to him.
He had already gone to such lengths for her, and yet she was still trying to push him as far away as possible. 1/2
Estella cast her gaze downward. She carefully tugged onto Roxanne’s shirt and said. “Ms. larvis. | want to stay with you,” she said with a pleading expression.
She was really worried about Roxanne‘s wound.
Roxanne’s heart softened at the sight, but she still stayed firm on her decision. “Be good, Essie. It's late. Go home with Daddy.” “But you're hurt...” Estella looked up at her with tears welling in her eyes. Roxanne’s heart ached terribly.
She knew that the young girl was incredibly worried for her, but she knew that she had to maintain a distance from both Lucian and Estella.
Before Roxanne could even reply, Estella sniffled. She was about to burst into tears soon.
“If you're worried about me, you can come and visit me another day, Essie.” After a few seconds of silence, Roxanne still caved in.
Estella looked at her with doubtful eyes. “Really? | can come?” she questioned with a sob. Asorrowful feeling filled Roxanne‘s heart as she patted Estella on her head. “Yes,” she said firmly.
Hearing Roxanne'‘s promise, Estella longingly nodded and went to hold Lucian‘s hand.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 580
Chapter 580
Lucian looked at the woman sitting on the couch. Although he was displeased with her words, he didn't say anything more. After bidding them a simple goodbye, he left with Estella.
As Roxanne was injured, she remained sitting on the couch.
It was until the door of the mansion was closed that Roxanne could finally heave a sigh of relief. She was still ina daze after what happened.
She recalled the events from these two days. It felt as if everything was a dream.
After six years apart, she found herself living under the same roof with Lucian again. She had even told him of her feelings from six years ago.
Moreover, Lucian‘s attitude toward her confused her sometimes.
It was as if... he liked her.
Snapping back to reality, Roxanne could not help but laugh at herself for having such thoughts. “Mommy.” Archie cautiously tugged on her clothes.
Roxanne returned to her senses and tiredly looked at her children.
Archie had a worried expression on his face when he noticed how pale his mother looked. “Are you tired? We'll help you to your room to rest.”
Roxanne nodded. “Actually, | am quite uired.”
As she had been stuck with Lucian for two days, she had constantly been in a tense state. After getting injured. Roxanne felt even more exhausted.
Now that Lucian had left, there was no need for her to put up a front anymore.
Lysa, who was standing by the side, walked up to Roxanne when she heard her. “I'll help you up the stairs,” she said as she reached out to support Roxanne.
Roxanne smiled gratefully at her as she pushed on the couch to get up.
After she had gotten wounded, Lucian had been carrying her everywhere.
It was only when she had to walk by herself that she realized how troublesome it was.
Even though Lysa was supporting her, it was hard for her to walk when she could not put any pressure on one of her feet.
After Roxanne slowly made her way to the stairs, she looked up at the many steps and laughed helplessly. “I'll just stay down here for the moment.”
Lysa then brought her to the guest room on the lower floor. Her heart ached for Roxannc. It was fortunate that she was there to take care of the latter.
| vsa had no idea how Roxanne took care of two kids all alone. She could not imagine how hard things must have been whenever Roxanne fell sick and still had to care for her two sons.
Archie and Benny trailed behind their mother and Lysa.
Roxanne sat down on the side of the bed and said to her twins in a soft voice, “It's late. You two should head to bed now.” However, the boys pursed their lips and shook their heads. “We want to be with you, Mommy!”
If Roxanne needed water in the middle of the night, they would be able to help her.
“There‘s no need for that. | can take care of myself’ Roxanne chuckled.
Lysa piped up, “I'll stay here tonight and take care of Ms. Jarvis. All you two need to do is to take good care of yourselves.” Archie and Benny hesitated for a long while before slowly nodding.
Lysa brought them upstairs to rest and came down after a while. She then helped Roxanne to wash up and brought over a mattress next to the bed.
After turning off the lights, Lysa suddenly asked, “What's going on between you and Mr. Farwell, Ms. Jarvis? He seems to care for you a lot.”
Roxanne was already pretty unsettled due to the events that had happened, so when she heard Lysa‘s question, the sleepiness in her instantly flew out the window. She forced a smile and replied, “We're only acquaintances. It was just a coincidence that Estella is friends with Archie and Benny.”
Although Lysa was still suspicious about the situation, she knew better than to continue questioning Roxanne. Silence soon filled the house.
Roxanne’‘s eyes were wide open as she looked at the ceiling above her. Multiple images flashed across her mind. It mostly consisted of times when people had misunderstood her relationship with Lucian these two days.
Even Lysa was suspicious of them.
It seems like | have to maintain a distance from him.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 581
Chapter 581
Meanwhile, Lucian and Estella were on the way home. As both father and daughter had things on their minds, there was silence in the car.
Estella was sitting in the back as she stared at her bracelet made from shells on her wrist. Her tiny face tensed up as she felt worried.
“Daddy, is Ms. Jarvis trying to avoid us again?” Estella could not help but ask after a long moment of hesitation.
Even though Roxanne had promised her that she could visit, Estella was still afraid that P would continue to avoid them in the future. nne
Estella‘s words were exactly what Lucian was thinking of. After a few moments of silence, he replied,“ don't know.” His heart was full of mixed feelings.
Upon hearing that, Estella pursed her lips in disappointment. “Am | not good enough?” she carefully asked. She remembered her father had told her that Roxanne would not avoid them if she behaved. And Roxanne seemed to really like her these two days. She even gave Estella a gift. Upon thinking of that, Estella became even more sorrowful as she held on tightly to the bracelet on her wrist. Lucian frowned as frustration grew in his heart. He really did not know what Roxanne was thinking. She was fine earlier and even exchanged gifts with Estella happily. However, she suddenly became distant and got up to leave. Lucian had no clue of the reason behind her change of emotions. The more he was rejected by Roxanne, the more he hated his actions from six years ago. Roxanne’s drunken words from that night were still replaying in his mind. Six years ago, she was utterly in love with him. But all he did in return was to let her leave. The atmosphere in the car was tense. No one said anything for the rest of the journey back to the Farwell residence. Estella was in a gloomy mood the entire time. She did not even wait for Lucian to carry her into * the house. The young girl had gotten out of the car and walked to the mansion alone. Staring at her tiny silhouette, Lucian frowned. It seemed that Estella‘s condition was worsening. Upon realizing that, Lucian‘s heart fell. Roxanne’s attitude to Estella had a huge impact on Estella‘s mental health. Lucian was not going to let Roxanne become distant from them because of Estella.
Lucian followed Estella into the house. Just as he entered, Estella was already sitting on the couch with her head hung low. Catalina comforted her with a worried look on her face, but Estella refused to speak.
When Catalina noticed Lucian walking, she looked at him and asked, “What's with Ms. Estella, Mr. Farwell?”
Just as she spoke, she realized that Lucian had a similar expression on his face.
Catalina frowned in confusion.
Lucian was about to say something when his phone rang.
Looking at the caller ID, he swallowed back his words and said, “Nothing. Please take her upstairs. I'll check in on her later.” Catalina acknowledged him and cast a troubled look in Estella‘s direction.
It was fortunate that the little girl was sensible. Although she was sad, she knew that her father was busy with work. Estella obediently walked up the stairs before Catalina could say anything more.
Watching the two leave, Lucian walked to his study in long strides and answered the call.
UV
nswer
“Mr. Farwell, we've managed to uncover something about Mrs. Farwell's accident,” Cayden‘s voice sounded through the phone.
Everything was strange with the car accident, and the perpetrator seemed to have prepared for it in advance. It had taken Cayden a lot of effort to find just a small clue.
Lucian‘s expression turned cold at Cayden‘s words. “What is it?” His voice seemed to have dropped a few octaves.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 582
Chapter 582
"There's something fishy about the accident. According to our investigation, the perpetrator is an unemployed thug. He is not acquainted with the Farwell residence nor the Pearson residence at all. He doesn't seem to have any reason to seek revenge on Ms. Jarvis and Ms. Pearson," Cayden said in a low voice.
Even though Lucian had already guessed it, his expression still darkened when he listened to the information. "Where is he right now?"
"That thug's guard is always up. He has been going from one entertainment outlet to another in Southern District. I think he is trying to avoid our men," Cayden explained.
*Since he's still in Harington, catch him as soon as possible, Lucian instructed with knitted brows.
His mother had always used the car accident as an excuse to force him to keep the engagement.
Lucian, however, did not want to be tied down by it anymore.
He was extremely eager to find out the truth.
On the other end of the call, Cayden quickly agreed, "I will send people to catch him in the shortest time possible."
Lucian nodded and soon hung up after giving Cayden a few more instructions.
His instincts told him that the car accident was not as simple as it seemed.
However, the truth would only be revealed after the perpetrator had been caught
After hanging up the phone, Lucian remained in the study for a while to contain his emotions. Then, he went up the stairs and knocked on Estella's door.
Catalina was still inside the room with Estella when she heard the knocking on the door. Knowing that it was Lucian, she quickly got up to open it. "Mr. Farwell."
Lucian glanced at his daughter and said to Catalina, "You may leave now."
The latter agreed and walked out of the room, closing the door as she left.
Lucian remained standing at the door for a few moments. When he realized that Estella did not react to his presence, he frowned and walked over to her.
"Are you mad because you're worried about Ms. Jarvis?" Lucian sat down next to Estella on her bed and poked her chubby cheeks, trying to get her attention.
However, Estella ended up huffing and turning away from him.
It's all Daddy's fault! Ms. Jarvis really likes me, and she's avoiding me because she doesn't like Daddy! Ms. Jarvis didn't even want me to take care of her now that she is hurt. I wonder how is she...
Upon thinking of that, Estella pursed her lips as her eyes reddened.
Lucian did not know how to deal with Estella, and he was afraid of saying something wrong. He did not want her condition to worsen. Estella had finally started communicating normally with them instead of writing on a piece of paper. He really did not want things to regress to how they were in the beginning.
After remaining silent for a long while, Lucian sighed heavily. "Are you blaming me?"
Estella answered with her silence.
Seeing that, a sense of helplessness rose in Lucian's heart.
Estella was definitely Roxanne's daughter. Even if they were not aware of their relationship, Estella had the same temper as Roxanne.
It was all right for Roxanne to be distant from him, but it was different when his daughter, whom he had raised since she was a baby, acted the same way toward him.
"Ms. Jarvis... is still hurt," Estella mumbled. She sounded like she was about to cry.
Lucian's helplessness soon turned into heartache at her words. He patiently tried to comfort her, "I know you're worried about Ms. Jarvis, but... there's still a misunderstanding between me and her. These can't be solved so easily. We'll need time."
Estella came back to her senses and stared at her father with a look of confusion in her eyes.
Lucian naturally would not explain too much to Estella, so he just said, "I will take care of this. Go to sleep, and I'll take you to visit Ms. Jarvis after two days."
Estella hesitated for a while before deciding to trust her father. She nodded obediently.
###Chapter 583
Chapter 583
As Roxanne was still injured, it was hard for her to move around. Therefore, she had been resting at home ever since she returned from the hotel. As for the research institute, she contacted Colby through the phone most of the time.
On this fine morning, however, Jack gave her a call. When she noticed the caller ID, Roxanne's eyes lit up. She could roughly guess the reason behind Jack‘s decision to call her.
After all, they had only talked about matters concerning the research institute ever since the medical consultation ended.
Before that, their partnership had officially begin as the Damaris family’s still in the planning stage. rch institute was
Jack's call may very well be to discuss the specific issues regarding the partnership.
Upon thinking of that, Roxanne totally ignored the wound on her foot and stumbled into the study.
“| hope I'm not bothering you, Ms. Jarvis,” Jack's voice rang out the moment the call was connected. There was a hint of happiness in his tone.
Roxanne smiled and answered, “Of course, not. Seeing that you called me so early in the morning, is there something important you'd like to discuss with me, Mr. Damaris?”
On the other end of the phone, Jack deliberately kept the suspense by replying, “What do you think, Ms. Jarvis?” Roxanne decided to jump straight into it and asked, “Is there any progress about the partnership?”
Jack smiled indifferently and continued to joke around with her, “Maybe | just want to chat with you, Ms. Jarvis.” “Then we can do just that.” Roxanne laughed.
After all, she had only met with Jack twice, and it was mostly for work-related matters.
Roxanne never considered herself a charming woman whom Jack would like.
Therefore, she knew that the latter was only joking.
As expected, Jack chuckled at her response. He then directed the conversation to more serious matters. “You're right, Ms. Jarvis. The research institute’s planning stage has been completed. We are now about to start with the research and development preparation.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne’s eyes were filled with anticipation. “Does that mean that we can start working together soon?”
Jack immediately agreed, “Yes. But before we can proceed, we will need to discuss the specific details. When will you be up for a meeting, Ms. Jarvis?”
Obviously, Roxanne would prioritize matters concerning the research institute. “I'm free anytime. It's up to you, Mr. Damaris,” she instantly replied.
She then added, “If possible, it would be best to have it as early as possible.
Jack quirked an eyebrow and chuckled. “That is exactly what I'm thinking. Let's meet this afternoon. I'll send you the location in a while.”
Roxanne promptly agreed to that.
The two continued to chat about matters regarding the partnership for a while longer. It was nearly noon when they finally ended the call.
Roxanne had just walked out of the study when she bumped into Lysa, whd been searching for her everywhere.
“Ms. Jarvis, you are still injured. How did you get in there alone? Why didn't you call for me?” Lysa chastised her as she helped Roxanne over to the table.
Roxanne had always treated Lysa as an elder. When she heard the latter, she only smiled and said, “My wound is much better now. Don't worry. Also, I'll have to go out in the afternoon.”
ne As she spoke, Roxanne siill felt a little guilty. Lysa looked worried. “What are you going out for? Didn't you tell them that your foot is injured? Why can't you do that at home?”
Roxanne knew that Lysa was just looking out for her, therefore she smiled and reassured her, “It's a very important business matter, so | have to attend to it. Don't worry, I'll take good care of myself.”
However, Lysa was still very worried about Roxanne. “I'll go with you.”
Roxanne promptly agreed.
###Chapter 584
After lunch, Roxanne freshened up and requested Lysa to accompany her to the meeting. When they arrived, they noticed Jack was already waiting for them by a table next to a window.
When he saw Roxanne had to walk with the support of another person, he went up to her. “Are you injured? Why didn’t you tell me in the morning?”
Roxanne responded with a faint smile. “It’s just a minor injury. I can still walk.”
Jack frowned after taking a glance at the leg that was hanging mid-air. He then helped her to her seat. Lysa sat outside and waited by the door.
After taking her seat, Roxanne noticed the stack of documents in front of her. Her tone instantly got serious. “I believe we have a lot of things to go through today, so let’s not waste time anymore and dive right in.”.
Jack nodded in agreement. He was a big fan of a career woman like Roxanne.
“We have long finalized the details of the collaboration between the two research institutes. We had to delay the process because of the Damaris family. So it’s time for us to discuss how we can compensate you for the delay. Please take a look at this.” ? 2024 N?v/el/Dram/a.Org.
Jack took out a document and placed it in front of her.
Roxanne nodded and read through the document.
To make it up to Roxanne, the Damaris family had made an adjustment to the profit-sharing arrangement for each project.
The adjustment might seem insignificant, but since all the projects under the Damaris family involved astronomical figures, the minor changes would still make a big difference to the research institute.
“So what do you think? Are you happy with the adjustment?” Jack asked.
Roxanne looked away from the document and gave him a formal reply.
“I’m fine with it.”
Roxanne would not have minded even if the Damaris family did not make that adjustment.
Having a chance to collaborate with them was already a dream come true for her.
Upon seeing the satisfied look on Roxanne’s face, Jack continued discussing the next course of action with her.
Both of them continued chatting and lost track of time.
Roxanne checked her watch and soon. realized it was time to pick the children up from kindergarten.
Lysa, who waited by the door, also started to feel anxious.
In the last few days, she was in charge of picking up Archie and Benny from kindergarten. Now that she was stuck with Roxanne, she could not fetch the boys.
However, if she went to pick up the boys, Roxanne would be alone here.
While Lysa was still in a dilemma, Roxanne’s voice emerged from behind. “It’s getting late, Lysa. Could you please fetch the kids? Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine here.”
At first, Lysa wanted to urge to leave with her, but upon seeing how well their meeting went, she hesitated. She also knew it was rude to interrupt a pleasant discussion with her business associate. In the end, she agreed to go and fetch the boys.
Roxanne returned to the table and continued her discussion with Jack. By the time they finished going through all the documents, it was already late.
Upon noticing how she limped when she was about to leave, Jack volunteered to send her home. “Let me drive you home.”
Roxanne was not sure how to react to his offer. Before she could turn him down, the man continued saying, “I believe we’re friends, right? I can’t just sit here and do nothing since my injured friend needs assistance.”
“Besides, even if you only view me as your business associate, I should still take care of you to ensure nothing goes wrong with our projects. Let’s assume I’m doing this for our collaboration. What do you think?”
After hearing everything he said, Roxanne had no reason to reject him. She had no choice but to accept his help. “Thank you, Mr. Damaris. Sorry to trouble you.”
###Chapter 585
Chapter 585
“By the way, how did you injure your leg?” Jack asked out of curiosity during the journey.
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat when she recalled how she got hurt, but she steadied herself and answered calmly, “I accidentally got cut by the sharp edge of a conch during an outing two days ago. It’s not a big deal.”
Jack was amused as he did not know the detail of the incident. “I’m surprised to learn that you got cut by a conch because you seem vigilant when you're on duty.”
Roxanne pressed her lips and smiled. “I didn’t think it would happen to me either.”
They had fun talking to each other throughout the journey. When they arrived at Roxanne’s residence, Jack helped Roxanne get down from the car.
They were all smiles while talking about fun stories in the medical line.
While Roxanne was still grinning from ear to ear, a cold voice emerged from a distance away. “It looks like Mr. Jarvis is in a good mood.”
Lucian stood in front of the mansion and looked at them with a deadpan expression. The smile on Roxanne’s face instantly vanished into thin air when she heard his voice.
Upon noticing the change in her expression, Jack, too, stopped smiling and gave the man a confused look. He looked at Lucian and raised his brows. “Do you know each other?”
Both Lucian and Jack came from two prominent families in Horington. Though the Damaris family had lived in seclusion for years, Jack could still recognize Lucian as they had met before.
Jack was aware of Roxanne’s relationship with the Queen family. He could somewhat understand how they got connected. After all, she was a renowned
doctor, and the Queens were in the pharmaceutical industry.
But he was surprised to learn that Roxanne was acquainted with Lucian.
Roxanne put her guard up and glanced at the man outside the mansion. She regained her composure and answered Jack's question, “Mr. Farwell was around when | treated Old Mr. Queen.”
In other words, they only got acquainted when she was treating Alfred. Jack nodded to express his understanding.
At that time, Lucian was already standing in front of them. When he heard how Roxanne explained their relationship, he glanced at Jack before his expression turned grim.
Lucian remembered Jonathan told him Roxanne would have to keep in touch with Jack because of their collaboration.
But upon noticing how close they were, Lucian could not help but feel frustrated.
Lucian knew what was on Roxanne’s mind, but he would not let her get her way. “Your leg is injured. Why did you still leave the house? Where is Lysa? Why didn’t she accompany you?”
It was as if Lucian intentionally ignored Jack when he expressed his concern.
Jack got even more confused when he heard Lucian’s question.
Even though Roxanne claimed they were merely acquaintances, Lucian seemed to know about Roxanne’s injured leg and things that happened in her house. Jack began to believe they were more than acquaintances.
Roxanne knew Lucian did that on purpose. She could not help but knit her brows and maintain a distance from the man. “Thank you for your concern, Mr. Farwell. My leg is fine.”
Lucian was irritated by how Roxanne tried to keep a distance from him. He looked at Jack and said, “| heard about the collaboration between Ms. Jarvis and the Damaris family. The collaboration must have gone well so far, | believe?”
Jack knew nothing about their relationship. He nodded and replied, “Ms. Jarvis is a capable person, and my grandfather has a good impression of her.”
He thought Lucian was trying to exchange pleasantries with him. But it turned out the latter just wanted him to leave. “I’m glad the collaboration went well, but | hope you two can keep a distance from each other. Thanks for sending her home, Mr. Damaris. I'll take it from here. You can leave now.”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 586
Chapter 586
Even though both of them were of a similar status, Lucian still used that tone to speak to Jack, which made the latter feel quite displeased.
However, because Jack was standing in front of another person’s house, he had to maintain his composure. With slightly furrowed eyebrows, he turned to Roxanne, wondering what was her opinion on the matter.
Roxanne also felt Lucian was acting out of line. However, she was aware that if things continued down that path, Lucian would only cross the line even further.
Sensing Jack’s line of sight, she said apologetically, “Thank you for sending me back, Mr. Damaris. Sadly, it’s probably not a good idea to invite you inside today. I’ll be sure to thank you properly next time.”
The moment she finished speaking, Lucian’s eyebrows slightly furrowed. He promptly stretched his hand to hold her other arm.
Jack respected her decision and simply nodded with a smile. “It was nothing. Since you're injured, | think it'll be for the best if we talk about the collaboration on the phone.”
Roxanne agreed gratefully. Before he left, Jack’s gaze swept past Lucian. “If you need anything, Ms. Jarvis, just call me.” She pursed her lips and smiled. “All right. Have a safe trip home, Mr. Damaris.”
Seeing how casual the two were acting around each other made Lucian furrow his eyebrows even more intensely. His grip on her arm also became tighter because of that. Roxanne frowned at him due to the pain.
When she saw his expression, a strange feeling appeared in her heart. Jack’s car slowly disappeared from their sights.
Roxanne looked away from the car and shifted to the side by two steps with great effort. Then, she stared at Lucian rather alertly. “What's the matter, Mr. Farwell?”
Upon detecting her avoidance, his eyebrows furrowed even more intensely. “I came here to deliver your medicine to you, Ms. Jarvis. | didn’t expect you to recover so quickly. You haven’t been injured that long, yet you can already move freely.”
His stare shifted to the direction Jack left and continued in a mocking tone, “Or is it because Mr. Damaris is special? So much so that you want to meet him despite your injury?”
Roxanne could sense the hostility in his voice and felt even odder. “Mr. Damaris and | are merely business partners. We met today because we wanted to discuss our collaboration. Please do not make wild guesses, Mr. Farwell!”
Lucian’s lips twitched. “It'd better be.”
Seeing the mockery on his face caused her to feel a slight pain in her heart. Her expression darkened as she said, “Thank you for your thoughifulness, Mr. Farwell. However, | have all sorts of medicine here. So, if there’s nothing else, please leave.” Roxanne turned around and staggered back into the mansion without giving Lucian another chance to speak.
He grabbed her arm after she took two steps away from him. His cold voice rang next to her ear. “I'll send you back in.”
“No need. It’s only a few steps. | can handle it just fine,” she rejected without hesitation. As soon as she finished, she felt the hand on her arm exerting even more force. It was a clear indication of his displeasure.
“Why can’t | do it when Jack can?” He gazed at her back deeply. “Didn’t you say you two are only business partners?”
Her body froze slightly as she glanced back at him in disbelief. She thought he was just mocking her, as usual. However, his expression didn’t appear fake to her.
He truly believed that there was something between her and Jack. Roxanne’s expression froze when she saw that. In the end, she complied. “Thanks for the help, then, Mr. Farwell.”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 587
Chapter 587
Only then did Lucian’s expression brighten up as he helped Roxanne enter the mansion.
Lysa and the children hadn’t returned yet, so the two were the only ones in the mansion. Roxanne couldn’t help but feel awkward. Just as she wanted to ask him to leave, he spoke again.
“Let me take a look at your injury.” Just as he finished speaking, he slowly crouched down in front of her.
As Roxanne watched him do that, she realized his intentions and rejected him with furrowed eyebrows. “No need. My injury is fine. | know that.”
She tried to pull her leg back. However, due to her injury, her movements were restricted. Additionally, there wasn’t anywhere else she could hide on the couch.
Lucian grabbed her ankle right as her leg retracted.
“Don’t move. Your injury is located at your foot, so if you aren’t careful, the wound will open up. Still, you ignored the doctor's advice and walked around freely.” His eyebrows remained furrowed while he glanced at her. “Even if you do not like me, there’s no need to push your body like this.”
Guilt rushed into Roxanne’s heart when her eyes met with his. When she returned to her senses, her shoes had already been taken off, and her gauze-covered foot was revealed.
He carefully lifted her leg and examined it with a frown. The clean, white gauze had been stained with a small amount of her blood.
His expression promptly darkened when he saw that. Oh, this woman. Not only did she meet another man with her injury, but she also caused it to tear apart!
As his train of thought ended there, the temperature in the air around him was getting cold.
Roxanne couldn't see how her foot was doing, but she did notice Lucian’s expression was getting pretty dark. Her heart clenched as she asked, “What’s wrong?”
He glanced at her with irritation. “Didn't you say you’re a doctor and you're very aware of your injury? In that case, why didn’t you realize your wound was torn?”
Shock flashed across her eyes. | wonder if it’s because the bandage was too tight that | didn’t realize my wound was opening up. | bet he thought | was acting tough again, now that he has seen my injury after | told him | knew what she was doing.
Lucian’s eyebrows furrowed slightly when he saw her expression. “You didn’t know?” Roxanne shifted her gaze away with a complicated look. “I... didn’t feel anything.” Silence filled the air.
Moments later, she suddenly felt his hand moving again. Her leg retracted subconsciously in response to his actions, but he gripped her ankle even tighter.
“Don’t move. I'm applying medicine on the wound.”
As he finished speaking, he glanced at her authoritatively. There was a tinge of rage on his expression. When she met his eyes, she pursed her lips and stopped struggling.
It was difficult to tell how long the wound had opened. The gauze was stuck to it as the blood had dried up.
Despite Lucian’s attempt to be careful, Roxanne couldn’t endure the pain and let out a muffled groan.
Upon hearing that, he glanced at her with furrowed eyebrows. “Now you know it’s painful? You're a doctor. Don’t you realize you need to rest for your injury to recover?”
Her eyes were lowered as she pursed her lips in silence.
He shot a glance at her as he suppressed the rage in his heart. The movement of his hands became gentler as he disinfected her wound and applied medicine to it.
Aside from the pain she experienced during the disinfection process, she didn’t feel any discomfort. It was then she realized he had intentionally moved gently, and that made her feel a bout of mixed emotions.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 588
Chapter 588
On the other side, Aubree was finally able to leave the hospital after staying there for nearly a month. Lucian only kept her company in the hospital for a few days under his mother’s request. After that, he never showed up again.
She contacted him a few times, asking him to visit her. However, he would always use his work as an excuse to reject her.
Additionally, two days ago, some of her friends, who had children studying in the same kindergarten, visited her. They told her that Lucian and Roxanne were acting in the Sleeping Beauty play. Not only that, they showed her photos of the play.
Inside the photos, Lucian was seen wearing a princely outfit as he stared longingly at Roxanne, who was lying on a wooden bed. Aubree’s friends continued to swipe the screen, showing her photos upon photos of Roxanne and Lucian.
Eventually, he was seen sitting by the side of the bed, leaning his body toward Roxanne in order to kiss her.
When Aubree saw the kiss, she shoved the phone away, unwilling to look at it any further. It seems like that b*tch forgot about the lesson | taught her earlier after | stayed in the hospital for a while! How dare she get so close to Lucian! Not only that, Lucian actually acted in the play with her! If it were in the past, it would never happen! After all, before that b*tch appeared, Lucian and Essie never attended any group activities! Ever since that b*tch returned from overseas, everything changed! Not only did Lucian bring Essie to plant trees, he even played around with them! If things continue down this path, it is possible for her to get back together with that b*tch!
When she thought of that, Aubree’s rage almost burned away all her rationality. “Just you wait for me, Roxanne!” Inside the empty ward, she gritted her teeth as a dark expression appeared on her face.
In the next second, Sonya entered the room and saw the younger woman’s frown. She asked perplexedly, “What’s wrong, Aubree?”
Sonya had been taking care of Aubree in the hospital due to the remorse and affection she felt toward Aubree. Even when the Pearson couple wanted to meet Aubree on the day of her discharge, Sonya prevented it from happening.
Upon hearing Sonya’s voice, guilt flashed across Aubree’s eyes. The latter quickly calmed down and smiled at the former casually. “It’s nothing. I’m just feeling a little reluctant to leave the hospital because it'll probably mean we won't be able to meet each other every day.”
Sonya’s heart felt warm when she heard that. She patted the younger woman’s shoulder. “If you want to meet me, you can always come to my place. You’re welcome to visit me anytime you want, but don’t forget to take care of yourself.”
Aubree nodded absentmindedly.
“Come on, let's go. The paperwork is done, so you should head back home as soon as you can. Don’t make your parents worry,” Sonya reminded.
Aubree nodded and followed the older woman out of the ward. When they entered the car, the younger woman suddenly spoke up. “Do you know what Lucian has been busying about lately, Mrs. Farwell?”
Sonya’s eyebrows furrowed the moment her son’s name was brought up. She replied apologetically, “He’s either busy with his company’s matters or Essie.”
“Then... Was he busy for the past two days?” Aubree asked carefully.
“That I’m not sure. You can always call him and ask him about it. He shouldn’t be busy with work right now. You have just been discharged from the hospital, so he should at least show up to meet with you.”
You may as well not have said that if you're putting it that way. Aubree lowered her eyes as annoyance flashed across them. When she raised her head again, she acted politely and obediently. “Okay. I'll give him a call later.”
###Chapter 589
Chapter 589
Sonya sent Aubree all the way into the Pearson residence. She spoke to Gina for a short while before leaving. Gina and Aubree watched Sonya leave before returning to the mansion.
“Is your arm still hurting?” Gina stared at her daughter’s injured arm panickily. She rarely visited her daughter because she wanted her daughter’s relationship with Sonya to improve. However, that didn’t mean she wasn’t worried.
Aubree shook her head. Annoyance could be seen on her face. “I’m feeling fine. I’m heading upstairs now.”
Without speaking another word, she ascended the stairs. Gina’s eyebrows furrowed as she stared at her daughter’s back.
Moments later, she heard the sound of a door slamming coming from upstairs. It confused her because she didn’t know why her daughter was in a foul mood right after being discharged from the hospital.
As for Aubree, after locking herself in the room, she thought about what she should do before calling Lucian on the phone. She could only wait for Lucian to visit her when she was staying at the hospital. However, she had been discharged from the hospital. Even if he didn’t want to visit her, she could just go and see him.
All in all, she just didn’t want to give Lucian any more opportunities to meet with Roxanne. She stared at her phone with a frown as she tried her best to adjust her emotions.
It would be bad for her if he could hear the frustration in her voice, after all. However, no one picked up the phone even after she waited for a long time. Concurrently, Lucian had just finished applying medicine to Roxanne’s wound. After he bandaged it, his phone rang.
He pulled out his phone to check who it was with furrowed eyebrows. The moment he saw the name on the screen, he subconsciously looked at the woman in front of him and met her eyes.
Roxanne’s eyebrows tightened a little as she swept her gaze past the phone’s screen and saw the name. It was as though the word “Aubree” was reminding her that she was getting too close to Lucian.
When she realized that, she pinched her palm, pretended to be calm, and pulled herself backward. She wanted to put as much distance as possible between herself and him. Her eyes lowered as she pretended that she didn’t exist.
In the next second, the vibrating sound stopped.
Her eyebrows remained furrowed as she subconsciously glanced at the phone. It was then she saw Lucian had hung up the call and stuffed it back into his pocket.
He stared into Roxanne’s eyes, which caused her to be stunned for a second.
“I've applied medicine to your wound and help bandaged your injury. Don’t you think | deserve some thanks for doing that, Ms. Jarvis?” His eyebrow was raised nonchalantly.
Hesitation flashed across her eyes. She wanted to ask him why he didn’t pick up Aubree’s call.
However, she quickly realized she didn’t have the right to ask about their matters.
When her train of thoughts arrived there, calmness returned to her eyes. Her voice sounded distant again. “Thank you, but it’s getting late. If there’s nothing else, you
should go home early, Mr. Farwell. Since my leg is still injured, | won't be sending you out.”
She wanted to cut her ties with Lucian as soon as possible before Sonya and Aubree came up with another scheme to set her up.
A frown appeared on his face. When | was applying medicine to her wound, she cooperated with me. | thought she had finally seen my good side. Apparently, | was wrong. | can’t believe she changed her stance so quickly! In one second, she was feeling grateful, but in the next, she tried to chase me away!
Since she wasn’t getting an answer, she turned to him with furrowed eyebrows and saw his angry eyes..
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 590
Chapter 590
“| should ask you to stay for a meal, but Lysa hasn’t returned yet, and my leg is still injured, so forget about it.” Roxanne stubbornly continued to chase Lucian away. “I think you’re pretty busy. Since you have other things to attend to, | don’t think you should waste your time here.”
When she concluded her sentence, she could almost feel the rage spewing out of his eyes swallowing her. Her heart clenched as she wondered what he would do next.
Lucian stared at her for a long time before he snorted. “You saw that?”
Both of them knew what she saw.
Roxanne’s expression dimmed. Silence filled the air for a brief moment before she spoke. “It must be something important if Ms. Pearson is looking for you at this time of the day. You should. meet her as soon as possible.”
“If | go to meet her, what about you?” Lucian asked in a deep voice.
Astrange feeling appeared in her heart. Aubree is his fiancée, and he has loved her for many years. How can | ever be compared to her? It feels as though he saying it to mock me.
When her thoughts ended there, she regained her composure and replied plainly, “My injury is all good now. Besides, I’m currently in my own house. | can just sit here and wait for Lysa to return. There’s no need for you to worry. Mr. Farwell.”
Despite the clear intentions she was expressing with her statements, Lucian still refused to leave.
Roxanne frowned as she tried to make herself sound calm. “Besides, | don’t think it’s appropriate for you to stay with me here at my house, while your fiancée waits for you to return.”
That prompted him to furrow his eyebrows. The rage in his eyes subsided. He raised his eyebrow and asked, “Are you... jealous, Ms. Jarvis?”
That stumped her because she didn’t expect he would say such a thing. Jealous? Is he listening to what he has just said? What kind of relationship does he think we have? Or does he still remember what | said when | was drunk...
When she returned to her senses, Roxanne stared at Lucian with a complicated feeling. “Are you mocking me, Mr. Farwell?” His frown intensified. He didn’t understand why she suddenly said that.
Both of them stared at each other for a long while. The image of her being drunk that night surfaced in his mind. She is misunderstanding me again.
An odd feeling passed through his heart when the events of that night unfolded in his mind. He didn’t want to delve into that topic any further.
“In any case, I’m not leaving. Essie was clamoring to meet you, so I’ve asked Cayden to pick her up. I’m going to wait for her here.” Lucian looked away, stood up, and then sat on an armchair.
Soon after, he whipped out his phone and started dealing with his work. The words “do not disturb” were practically etched on his face as he focused on his business.
He was afraid that if they continued with the topic, Roxanne would bring up the matter from six years ago.
That was when she loved him the most, and it was also the period he didn’t want to recall at all.
Roxanne wanted to say something, but when she heard Estella was coming over and saw how he was acting, she kept her mouth shut while dealing with the complicated feeling inside.
Both of them remained quiet while thinking about different matters. Suddenly, serenity filled the atmosphere of the living room.
On the other side, Aubree’s scowl was getting pretty intense as she stared at the disconnected call and wondered what had happened. In the past, even when Lucian rejects me, he'll at least pick up my call.
Why did he hang up the call today? Is he currently with that b*tch?
When that possibility popped up in her mind, her expression became wretched.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 591
Chapter 591
It was hard to tell how long Roxanne and Lucian stayed in the living room before her phone rang. It was from Lysa. Roxanne answered the call.
“Have you returned, Ms. Jarvis? If not, we can go and pick you up.” Lysa’s voice entered her ears the moment the call connected. Roxanne replied plainly. “I’m already.
back home. You should bring the children straight back here.” It was then Lysa sounded rather troubled. “Also, Mr. Farwell’s assistant is saying that he wants to go home with us...”
When she went to pick up Archie and Benny, Estella was still there. The boys insisted they would only leave after she left, so Lysa had no choice but to wait with them.
At the end, when Cayden arrived, he said he wanted to come home with Lysa. She couldn't make the decision. so she called Roxanne. Roxanne glanced at Lucian subconsciously when she heard that.
He was acting as though he didn’t hear anything. His eyes remained fixed on his phone without any expression.
Seeing that, she hesitated for a few seconds before replying, “I understand. Let him come back with you all.” A sigh of relief escaped Lysa’s mouth
when she obtained permission from her employer. She agreed and hung up the phone. Thinking about how she had to face her children later, Roxanne took in a deep breath in order to calm down.
After a while, the gate was opened from the outside. The children’s laughter entered her ears. It was apparent the children were happy they were able to come back together.
Roxanne was about to pick them up out of habit.
Lucian had been keeping his eye on her. so the moment he detected her intentions, he put his phone away and stopped her. “Don’t move. Your wound has just been bandaged.”
She halted as she watched him head to the entrance. “Daddy!” Estella was overjoyed when she saw her father was there and hugged his leg excitedly.
He patted her head and grabbed the children’s bags from Lysa’s hand. Then, he watched them change their shoes before taking them inside to wash their hands.
During the process, the boys were a little confused. They remembered their mother didn’t. like their father coming over, yet there he was. Additionally, their mother didn’t seem to want their father to leave.
“Ms. Jarvis!” Estella ran straight to Roxanne after she finished washing her hands.
There were a lot of complicated feelings swirling in Roxanne’s heart at that moment, yet she still forced herself to smile and hug her daughter.
Estella stared at Roxanne’s injured leg panickily. “Is your leg feeling better?”
Roxanne smiled at the girl comfortingly. “Yes, it is. Thank you for caring about me, Essie.”
That didn’t put the girl’s worry at ease. She got off the couch and carefully touched the fresh bandage on her leg. Roxanne just smiled and let the girl do whatever she wanted.
As for the boys, they were sitting at the side quietly. Occasionally, they would glance at their father with caution.
Suddenly, the children saw the blood stained gauze on the ground. It would appear neither Lucian nor Roxanne had the time to throw the gauze away before the children returned.
Then, they turned to the new gauze on their mother’s injury. Their eyebrows furrowed as they stared at Roxanne. “Did your wound open up, Mommy?”
Roxanne’s heart tightened when she heard that. She subconsciously glanced at Estella.
The girl’s face crumpled. She stared at her with a worried pout.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 592
Chapter 592
Roxanne felt her heart ached when she saw that. With a pat on Estella’s head, she said, “I went out today and accidentally tore my wound open. I’m fine now.”
Estella’s eyes were already turning red. “Does it hurt?” The woman’s heart softened. “Not at all. | don’t feel a thing.” Then, she glanced at Lucian and changed the subject to be about him. “Besides, your daddy was very careful when he bandaged my wound. You can ask him whether my injury is severe or not.”
Estella’s attention was swiftly shifted to her father as she sought his answer. Lucian couldn't help but raise his eyebrow when Roxanne mentioned him. Still, he nodded at the child. “She'll recover quickly if she gets the rest she needs.”
Everything he said, the girl believed what he said without any question. She sniffed and nodded obediently.
Roxanne initially wanted to ask Lucian to take Estella home after letting Estella know she was fine. However, seeing Estella like that made it hard for her to chase the girl away.
Due to Roxanne’s injury, the boys didn’t play around as they did before. Instead, they just sat next to her quietly. After a while, Lysa finished preparing their meal and called for them. “The meal is ready! Come and eat!”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne subconsciously glanced at Lucian She was about to say he shouldn't stay for the meal, but then she heard the boys say, “Mommy, can Essie eat with us?”
The boys saw how happy the girl was on the way back, and so they hoped she would get to spend more time with their mother. Roxanne’s eyebrows furrowed slightly when she heard that.
She appeared troubled because she had just seen Aubree calling Lucian. If | let Lucian and Essie stay here for a meal, it'll look like I'm doing it on purpose, especially after what he said...
Her intention was to reject her boys’ request, but Estella grabbed her sleeve. It caused her heart to waver as her gaze shifted to the girl.
Estella stared at her pitifully. The red in her eyes hadn’t completely subsided yet. which made her look aggrieved. As Roxanne stared into the girl’s eyes, she hesitated, and in the end, she couldn't. reject her.
Seeing how she wasn’t getting an answer, Estella turned to her father with red cheeks for help. “Daddy...”
Lucian glanced at Roxanne and lowered. his eyes to look at his daughter. “Ms. Jarvis has already agreed. You should. thank
her.
Doubt was still present in Estella’s heart. so she wanted to hear the confirmation right out of Roxanne’s mouth.
However, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to say it. She simply patted the child’s head in silent agreement. Then, with her focus shifted to her sons, she said, “take her to the dining room.”
The boys understood that it meant their mother agreed to their request. They nodded obediently and guided Estella. “Come with us, Essie!”
It was only then that Estella believed what she wanted was happening. Still, she glanced at Roxanne’s leg with worry and insisted on staying by her side to help her walk.
Sensing the girl's intentions, Roxanne smiled warmly. She wanted to ask Lysa for help when Lucian’s tall figure appeared by her side.
“Essie, you should go with Archie and Benny first. I'll take Ms. Jarvis to the dining room.” Lucian’s voice rang out. Naturally, Estella believed her father, so she followed the boys into the dining room, leaving only the adults in the living room.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 593
Chapter 593
Hesitation filled Roxanne’s eyes as she stared at Lucian. His eyebrows furrowed as he stretched his hand toward her. “I'll help you walk.
She glanced at the children in the dining room, who were all staring at the two of them with wide eyes. When she recalled the phone call he had gotten earlier, she rejected his help. “You should keep the children’s company first, Mr. Farwell. 1 can ask Lysa for help.”
Join Telegram Group For Fast update and Novel Query Displeasure flashed across Lucian’s eyes when he heard that. His tone grew colder. “Do you think it’s inconvenient for me to hold you, Ms. Jarvis? I’m thinking the same thing, so I'll just carry you there.”
He immediately leaned down toward her. It was beyond her expectation that he would threaten her that way, so she quickly stretched her hand out. “Thank you for your help then, Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian stopped his movements for a few seconds, which made her anxious. After a while, he stood up again and grabbed the arm she stretched out..
Borrowing his strength, she stood up from the couch. In the next second, he pulled her into his embrace.
Roxanne froze upon noticing how intimate they were getting. She wanted to push him away, but she couldn’t muster the strength to do so. Additionally, he was holding her pretty tightly, which didn’t give her any space to struggle.
She was escorted to the dining table with his help as the children looked on. Roxanne smiled at the children. “See? I’m doing fine.”
The children naturally saw her crippled leg as she walked. It only made their hearts ache when they heard that. However, it was obvious Roxanne didn’t want them to worry. Thus, the children didn’t ask any further questions and silently put some food on her plate.
She thanked them with a smile.
“Ms. Jarvis” Estella suddenly spoke. Roxanne turned to the girl, confused. “Can you rest properly and get better soon?” The look in the girl’s stare was serious.
When she heard Roxanne’s wound open because of all the walking, she wanted Roxanne to rest and get better soon.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne was stunned for a few seconds. Then she nodded at the child, unsure if she should laugh or cry. “I know. Don’t worry, Essie. I'll listen to your advice.”
Estella nodded seriously like a small adult.
Following that, the boys’ attention shifted to Lucian as they spoke. “Thank you for applying Mommy’s medicine for her, Mr.. Farewell.”
They proceeded to put food on Lucian’s plate. He didn’t expect they would thank him. With his eyebrow raised, he smiled at them indifferently. “You two need to take good care of your mother and try not to let her walk.”
The children nodded.
They all had an enjoyable time with the meal.
After dinner was over, Lucian didn’t force Roxanne any further and quickly left with Estella. “Mommy.” It wasn’t until the two of them left that the boys approached her and looked at her carefully. Roxanne met their eyes with confusion. “What's wrong?”
“Can Essie and Mr. Farwell visit our place again?” Their voice was small.
They might not like the fact that their father abandoned their mother, but after two days of interaction, they began to feel it was better to have him around.
After all, he always knew how to take care of their mother. When she heard them asking that abruptly, a strange feeling surfaced in her heart. “Do you boys... like Mr. Farwell?”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 594
Chapter 594
Archie and Benny exchanged a glance. They were suddenly afraid to answer their mother’s question. It wasn’t Lucian that they liked. They just liked having a father around to take care of their mother. However, they could see that their mother still didn’t like their father.
When they thought of that, they hesitated.
Asense of worry began to surface in Roxanne’s heart. She could see the change in their attitude toward Lucian.
If things continued down that trajectory, and they found themselves liking Lucian and wanting to interact with him more, she wouldn't be able to find a reason to say no.
After all, they should grow up by Lucian’s side. It was her decision to take away their right to live with their father.
Upon returning to her senses, she abruptly stared at the boys apologetically. “I... | don’t know. However, if you two want that, | won't say no.”
In other words, she wouldn’t invite Lucian voluntarily, and she wouldn’t be happy if he visited, but she would still allow it as a way to make up for her children.
The boys were smart, so they instantly knew what she meant-she still didn’t like their father visiting. “We just feel pitiful for Essie.” Benny and Archie were quietly cutting their ties with Lucian.
Roxanne let out a sigh of relief when she heard that. However, it also caused her to feel apologetic when Estella’s name was mentioned. “I pity her too, but...”
Her mind became blank, and she didn’t know what to say.
Thankfully, the boys didn’t question her further and simply changed the topic. “There is no need to feel sad, Mommy! We'll take good care of Essie. You just need to take care of yourself, Mommy!”
It sounded as though Roxanne was the child in the scenario. Warmth filled her heart as she patted the boys‘ heads with a smile. “Thank you, Darlings.”
They kept her company for a bit longer before heading upstairs obediently.
Lysa helped Roxanne enter her room. After Roxanne cleaned herself, she lay down on the bed but couldn’t sleep. She had no idea what Lucian was thinking. He had already gotten together with Aubree, just like how THE
he wanted it. And | made it clear that I'm not going to cling to him as | did six years ago. But now, it feels as though our position has switched. He'll always show up in front of me. Technically, there’s no longer any relationship between us. As | have said before, we should be nothing but strangers to each other. And yet, the things he did keep making me feel as if he wanted to maintain a close relationship with me and the children.
It was then she realized something and halted her train of thought. At the same time, she felt she was being silly. No one knew why / left six years ago better than | did. It was because | realized what position Aubree held in Lucian’s heart. | knew no matter how hard | tried, he would never look at me. After six years, Aubree is still by Lucian’s side. It's clear both of them still love each other. | don’t understand why Lucian harbors that kind of thought toward me when he’s still in love with Aubree.
When her thoughts ended there, she bit her lip self-deprecatingly. In the end, I’m just deluding myself. The only reason Lucian is taking care of me is because of Essie.
She silently tried to convince herself not to overthink things. As long as | keep my distance from Lucian, problems won't arise anymore.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 595
Chapter 595
Lucian had arrived at the Farwell residence with Estella. Since it was getting late, he sent her to her bed to sleep. “Daddy,” she said just as he stood and was about to leave.
Lucian halted his movements, turned around, and sat next to Estella‘s bed again. “What's wrong?”
It was obvious she was already sleepy, but she still suppressed her drowsiness and looked at her father. “Does Ms. Jarvis like us?”
After all, when she went to visit Roxanne with her father, not only did Roxanne not chase them away, but she also didn't intentionally give him the cold shoulders.
Lucian‘s eyes darkened when he heard that question. He began to recall how distant Roxanne treated him before the children arrived.
“When will we meet Ms. Jarvis again?” Excitement filled Estella‘s voice.
He remained silent for a second before patting his daughter's head. “I've been busy with my work lately. Once | am freer, I'll take you to meet her.”
It was pretty clear Roxanne was still avoiding him, but the misunderstanding had taken root in his daughter's mind, so he didn't want her to be disappointed again.
The girl really thought Roxanne had accepted her and her father. Thus, she nodded obediently upon hearing that. Lucian forced a smile. “You should rest early. I'll be heading out now.”
“Okay!” the girl agreed.
It wasn't until she was deep in her sleep that he left the room.
Just thinking about the question she posed earlier made his head hurt.
During that period, he used almost every trick in the book in order to close the gap between him and Roxanne but to no avail. The only thing he could celebrate was that he managed to keep her in the country.
He could tell by their interaction during the night that she was still avoiding him.
It was as though Roxanne’s questioning that night still rang in his ear.
Of course, Lucian asked himself that question before.
He wondered why he didn’t appreciate her from six years ago when she was all in love with him.
It's too late to regret it now. His firigers pinched between his eyebrows with annoyance. What can | do
to improve our relationship?
It was a long while before he stepped away from Estella’s bedroom entrance. Instead of returning to the room, he went downstairs.
“Where are you going so late at night, Mr. Farwell?” Catalina was doing some chores downstairs. Confusion rose in her mind when she saw him descending the stairs.
Lucian replied, “Take care of Essie.”
She agreed and watched her employer exit the living room with an awful expression.
The scene confused her as she watched him leave. The /ast time | saw him like this was when Mrs. Farwell left. What’s going on with him this time?
Upon exiting the mansion, Lucian went into his car and called Jonathan.
Jonathan had already taken a bath and was getting ready to go to bed when suddenly, he received his friend’s call. Thus, he crawled up from his bed and answered, “What's the matter? Why are you calling me so late at night, Lucian?”
“Come and drink with me.” Lucian’s reply was short and simple.
Aconflict brewed in Jonathan’s mind when he heard that. “I’m going to sleep soon. How about another day?” However, it was as though Lucian didn’t hear him at all. “I'll wait for you at our usual spot.”
Then, the call ended.
The moment Jonathan heard that, he got off the bed unwillingly. Oh no...
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 596
Chapter 596
Chapter 596 Half an hour later, Jonathan arrived at the clubhouse wearing only pajamas with a long trench coat over it.
Fortunately, he was a regular at the clubhouse, so he was recognized as soon as he arrived. Otherwise, he would definitely be refused entry wearing this outfit.
When he arrived at the private room that Lucian booked, Jonathan spotted the latter already seated inside. There were only a few plates of simple appetizers on the table, and the remaining space was filled with bottles of liquor.
One of the bottles was almost empty.
“What's the matter?” Jonathan’s heart sank as he sat down gingerly beside Lucian.
Lucian seemed to have only just noticed Jonathan and turned his head to look at the latter, his eyes dark. “I did as you told me to.”
When Jonathan heard that, he frowned because he was unsure of what that meant.
He did as | told him to? What did | tell him? What disaster has happened to put him in this state? As Jonathan pondered, he poured himself a glass of liquor and drank alongside Lucian.
After he downed the glass, a speculation came to his mind.
“It's Dr. Jarvis, isn’t it?” Still holding the glass, Jonathan looked at his companion hesitantly.
Other than Roxanne, there was no one he could think of who could bring Lucian out of the house at this time of the night to drink. The moment he said that, he felt as if the room temperature dropped a few degrees.
Silently, Jonathan wrapped his trench coat tighter around himself, and he believed he already had the answer. Still, he waited for Lucian to speak up.
It seemed like an eternity before he heard Lucian speak up. “What have | done wrong? | did make a mistake six years ago, but after she came back, | have not done anything wrong. Why does she distance herself from me now?”
Jonathan was disturbed by his questions. “Are you and Dr. Jarvis having problems again? Didn’t you both go on a vacation together just a couple of days ago?”
Frowning, Lucian placed the glass back on the table, which produced a sound.
Jonathan's heart skipped a beat as he wondered what had gone wrong between them. How did Lucian end up broken like this? After a moment, Lucian’s voice rang out as cold as ice. “It would have been better if there was no vacation!”
Lucian was the one who had planned the vacation; he had even swapped the winner of the first
prize at the last minute.
In retrospect, the effort should not have been spent.
If the turning point of their relationship had remained as it was at the end of the stage play, perhaps Roxanne would not be rejecting him as she was currently doing so.
Even until now, he had not figured out what went wrong during their vacation.
Jonathan listened in bewilderment. “What do you mean? Weren't you happy during the vacation? Didn't you listen to my advice to let her have her way?”
By right, to warm up the relationship, the vacation was the opportunity to patch things up, and nothing could go wrong.
As Lucian frowned and recalled the experiences during the vacation, he felt even more upset.
He did more than just let her have her way. In fact, he had all but done everything and anything as she wished.
Even Archie and Benny's attitude toward him had improved.
Sometime during the vacation, he had felt that things were improving between them, but unexpectedly, just before it ended, there was a sudden change in her temperament.
At this point, Lucian‘s expression turned cold as ice. Watching Lucian‘s face, Jonathan could more or less guess what was on his mind, and he became increasingly bewildered.
“How could that be? If you had done as | said, Dr. Jarvis‘ attitude toward you should change for the better!”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 597
Chapter 597
Chapter 597 Since Roxanne’s return up until now, they had been interacting more than Jonathan knew.
As far as Jonathan was aware of, Lucian had been helping Roxanne almost all the time. Even the opportunity to cooperate with the Damaris family was Lucian’s doing in disguise.
No matter how deep the misunderstanding between the two of them was six years ago, after all that Lucian did, at least Roxanne should be grateful, even if she did not plan to reconcile.
Moreover, Lucian had created so many opportunities for them to spend considerably quality time together.
As far as he knew, Roxanne was not a heartless person, so what was the reason she was unmoved?
Lucian frowned deeply, his expression as dark as thunder.
Jonathan's misgivings were the same questions that he, too, had concerning Roxanne.
Previously, when he thought Roxanne had abandoned Estella, for a time, he had the impression that she was a cruel person. Now, though the misunderstanding was resolved, Roxanne still alienated herself from him.
Once again, the question of whether Roxanne was really cruel occurred to Lucian.
“If Dr. Jarvis was really unmoved, how did you spend the vacation? Did each of you just go separate ways?” Jonathan could not help but feel curious.
Lucian shook his head. “I really can’t fathom what goes on in that head of hers. Before the vacation ended, | honestly felt that she was being friendly with me.”
Jonathan nodded, as he could understand what the other man meant. “Does that mean your relationship had its ups and downs, but there were also moments of tenderness?”
At that, Lucian nodded indifferently. Jonathan could feel an incoming headache. Their relationship seems really incomprehensible.
He thought Roxanne was always cold toward Lucian. It was truly unexpected that there were moments of closeness between the two of them.
If so, how did they drift apart after periods of closeness? Jonathan looked at Lucian in confusion. He wanted to give up trying to understand what was going on. If Lucian himself cannot understand what is going on, how am | supposed to comprehend their relationship? Then again...
“Lucian, you and Dr. Jarvis... What do you want her to be?” Naturally, Jonathan did not want to see Lucian go on suffering. After much thought, he decided that he must help the latter out.
Hearing that, Lucian frowned without giving an immediate reply.
“Do you want to reconcile with her?” Jonathan questioned again. “Perhaps you want to marry her again?” After all, Roxanne was Estella’s biological mother, and the little girl was fond of the woman.
Even Jonathan himself was of the opinion that Roxanne was the right woman for Lucian.
Lucian turned to look at him without admitting nor denying what he had suggested.
Presumably, silence was acquiescence.
Seeing Lucian’s response, Jonathan made the decision to persuade him. “Well then, | think you can directly discuss your thoughts with Dr. Jarvis. After all, according to what you said, her attitude toward you is sometimes warm. Perhaps, just as you don’t understand her, she’s guessing what is on your mind.”
Jonathan looked at Lucian’s expression as he spoke. “If this goes on, and your relationship goes up and down, then after a long time, it might not turn out how you want it to. You will more likely end up as enemies. That is not what you want to happen, is it?”
Lucian frowned a little, looking tired. “Then what do you think? How should | explain it to her?”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 598
Chapter 598
Chapter 598 During that period of time, Lucian had spent a lot of effort trying to improve his relationship with Roxanne.
Moreover, as Estella had been asking him for updates on their status, he had no choice but to keep thinking of different ways to make things better.
However, although he had done everything he could, he did not seem to be making any progress.
Lucian was starting to feel tired.;
Even though Jonathan wasn't sure if his method would work, he did not want Lucian and Roxanne to continue being in a stalemate. As such, he gritted his teeth and suggested, “Why don't you just pursue her? It's better than the two of you guessing each other's thoughts. Isn‘t that exhausting? | think it's better for you to tell her your feelings directly.”
Lucian looked at his friend with his brows furrowed and gestured for him to continue. Although he did not want to admit it, wnat Jonathan mentioned was indeed the crux of the problem.
Neither Lucian nor Roxanne knew what each other was thinking. Besides, Roxanne was also not willing to trust the man‘s intentions.
“Since you've already done so much for her, you don't have anything to lose by telling her your feelings outright.”
Noticing that Lucian was listening to him attentively, Jonathan started speaking more enthusiastically. “If it's possible, | think you should just ask her directly if she wants to return to your side. You should also give her a proper apology.”
As Lucian had never pursued anyone before, he could not think of a way to execute it, although he understood what Jonathan was saying.
There was no way he would appear in front of Roxanne abruptly and tell her all those things out of nowhere.
Given the woman's character, she would definitely find him ridiculous and might even distance herself from him even more. At that thought, Lucian asked patiently, “What exactly should | do?”
Jonathan did not expect the man to ask such a dumb question.
In fact, he had never imagined that one day, he would be teaching his friend how to chase a woman.
In the first place, given Lucian‘s status, it was already mind-boggling that he had to pursue a woman actively.
Jonathan could hardly believe that his friend, who looked so perfect that he seemed ethereal, was
currently asking him how to pursue someone so seriously.
Sensing Jonathan's thoughts, Lucian frowned and kicked the man’s calf.
Jonathan snapped out of his thoughts at once and smiled nonchalantly before coming out with more suggestions. “Why don’t you buy her flowers? According to my experience, there isn’t any woman who wouldn’t be happy to receive flowers. You should also attach a card with the flowers and write her a sweet note. I'm sure that would work!”
The man felt a pang of guilt after saying that.
Truthfully, given his status and family background, in addition to his good looks, Jonathan did not have any actual experience pursuing women as well.
However, he had seen people doing that in dramas. Moreover, Frieda had also been receiving flowers from her various admirers, and she always seemed delighted to receive them.
Hence, Jonathan was rather confident that it was a good idea.
As Lucian was completely clueless about how to chase a woman, he intended to simply follow Jonathan's advice.
When he heard Jonathan suggesting getting flowers, Lucian pondered over it for a while with a crease between his brows before nodding in agreement. “I'll try that.”
Jonathan raised his wineglass and proposed a toast to his friend. “All the best! | hope you and Dr. Jarvis would successfully get back together. This is also to congratulate Essie for reuniting with Dr. Jarvis in advance!”
Lucian clinked glasses with Jonathan.
Although the two friends had met up to drink, they ended up not drinking much. Besides, Jonathan was so tired that he could not stop yawning in the private room.
As Lucian’s problems were resolved, he did not force Jonathan to stay with him. As such, the two of them called it a night early and went home separately.
After Lucian returned to the mansion, he took out his phone and rang Cayden.
Cayden had just gone to bed when he received his boss‘ call. He got up at once and answered, “Mr. Farwell, is there anything you need?”
After a few moments of silence, Lucian finally spoke. “Find out the best florists in town and send
me their contact details.”
###Chapter 599
Chapter 599
Cayden was suddenly wide awake upon hearing what his boss said.
Are my ears playing tricks on me? Did Mr. Farwell just ask me to search for florists? Is he really intending to
do THAT?
Cayden had forgotten to reply to Lucian, as he was still in a state of shock.
As all Lucian heard was silence on the other end of the line, he frowned and asked, “Can you hear me?”
Snapping back to his senses at once, Cayden answered, “Yes, Mr. Farwell. Please give me a while. I'll find out right away!” Lucian merely hummed a reply before ending the call.
His original intention was to get Cayden to purchase the flowers on his behalf. However, he decided to do it personally in the end, taking into consideration the significance of the act.
A few minutes later, Lucian received a text from his assistant with the websites and contact details of two florists. Clicking open the links, Lucian browsed through the information of both shops before deciding
on one.
The next morning, Lucian headed to the florist after sending Estella to kindergarten slightly earlier than usual. “Hi, are you looking for flowers?” the shop assistant asked when she noticed the man standing outside the store. Lucian nodded slightly. The crease between his brows deepened as he looked at the offerings in the florist.
It was his first time buying flowers for someone, and he had no idea what to get.
Instantly, the shop assistant noticed the man’s confusion and stepped forward to assist him. “Different flowers have different meanings. Are you buying flowers for your girlfriend?”
Girlfriend? Lucian’s expression darkened when he heard that word. After a short pause, he nodded briefly. Seeing his response, the shop assistant could not help but feel envious.
| wonder who the lucky woman who has such a handsome boyfriend is. He’s also such a sweet man to be choosing flowers for her personally.
“If it's for
your girlfriend, | would recommend red roses! We have a few ready-made bouquets inside the shop. Please feel free to come in and take a look,” the shop assistant suggested enthusiastically, putting aside her envy.
Hearing that, the man nodded and followed the woman into the shop. The moment he stepped inside, he was greeted with the fragrance of fresh flowers.
The shop assistant picked up a bouquet of flowers that was on display and showed it to Lucian. “This is the most popular bouquet in our shop among couples. You might want to consider getting it.”
Looking at the bouquet for a while, he decided to go with the shop assistant’s suggestion, as he had completely no idea what women liked. The shop assistant was enthusiastic when she recommended it to him, anyway.
After a brief moment of contemplation, he nodded and instructed, “I'll get this one then.”
“Do you want to attach a card to it? If so, would you like to have any message written on the card?” the shop assistant asked. That was when Lucian recalled his conversation with Jonathan the day before. Jonathan had also told him that he should write a message together with the flowers.
As for what he should write on the card....
Lucian furrowed his brows and pondered over it for a moment before asking in a deep voice, “Can you pass me the card? | want to write the message myself.”
The shop assistant agreed immediately and passed him a card and a pen.
With a crease between his brows, Lucian ruminated for a while before he picked up the pen and started writing. After he was done, he folded the card and passed it back to the shop assistant.
“Is there anything else | can help you with?” the woman asked.
Shaking his head, Lucian left after providing the delivery address.
He had followed Jonathan’s suggestion and wrote his heartfelt feelings on the card, and he wondered how Roxanne would react when she read his message.
Unable to contain her curiosity, the shop assistant took a peek at the card after Lucian left the florist. She was baffled when she saw the man’s angular handwriting on the card.
It was the first time she had seen someone leaving such a vague note with a bouquet of roses. 
###Chapter 600
Chapter 600
Later that morning, when Lysa returned home after sending the two boys to kindergarten, she spotted a man outside the door with a bouquet of roses in his hand who was just about to press the doorbell, rendering her feeling slightly perplexed.
She had met quite a few of Roxanne‘s male friends before, but none of them had delivered flowers to her personally. “Hi, may | know who you are?” Lysa asked, approaching the man with a puzzled look on her face. That man was sent by the florist to deliver the flowers to Roxanne.
He had reached a while back and tried pressing the doorbell a few times, but no one answered. Just when he was intending to leave and return later in the afternoon, he saw Lysa.
When he met the housekeeper's scrutinizing gaze, he explained, “Hi, I'm the deliveryman from the florist. A gentleman had bought flowers from our store this morning and told us to deliver to this address.”
Upon hearing that, Lysa nodded slightly and took over the bouquet from the man. “Oh, thank you. I'll pass it to the recipient.” The woman entered the mansion after sending the deliveryman off.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was walking toward the door with great difficulty when she saw Lysa entering the house carrying a bouquet of flowers. “What's this?” she asked, feeling rather stunned.
She had difficulty falling asleep the night before, as her mind was in a mess. As such, she was not able to wake up early that morning. If she had not heard the doorbell ringing, she might not even have woken up now.
However, the doorbell stopped ringing after she had finally reached the door. Judging by the situation, the woman guessed that it was a deliveryman from the florist, and Lysa had bumped into him outside.
“Ms. Jarvis, why did you come out? Your wound has previously split open, and you need to rest in order for it to heal!” Lysa put the flowers down and rushed toward Roxanne, helping the latter to sit down on the couch.
Roxanne fixed her gaze on the red roses, and a crease appeared between her brows, She did not understand what was going on.
She had no idea who would buy her flowers—red roses at that.
“| met the deliveryman outside our house just now. He told me that the sender was a gentleman. Hhe had sent it to the right address, it should be for you,” Lysa explained upon noticing Roxanne’s perplexed expression.
Even so, Roxanne was still confused. When Lysa saw the look on the woman’s face, she started feeling lost as well. It seems even Ms. Jarvis herself doesn’t know who the sender is...
The two women stared at the bouquet for a long while before Lysa suddenly noticed something. “There’s a card in there! Do you want to take a look?”
Roxanne nodded. Both of them were quite certain that they would be able to find some clues about the sender's identity on the card.
Standing up, Lysa retrieved the card before passing it to Roxanne, who opened the card with doubts.
Taking a glance at the card, Roxanne immediately knew who the sender was after seeing the handwriting on the card.
Besides, Lucian had also signed off with his name at the bottom of the card.
His message comprised just one sentence: Let’s be honest with each other.
Roxanne felt her heart tighten when she read those words. For a moment, she thought that it was what Lucian wanted to tell her. “Mr. Farwell?” Lysa asked in surprise upon seeing the signature on the card.
She had her suspicions about Roxanne and Lucian’s relationship for a long time but did not expect them to have already progressed to such a stage.
Now that | think about it, though, the two of them do seem rather compatible.
A few seconds later, Roxanne returned to her senses and forced a smile while saying, “They might have delivered it to the wrong address. Let me call and check.”
Despite what the other woman said, Lysa could not help but feel doubtful, as she did not think that Lucian was someone who would carelessly send roses to the wrong address. 
###Chapter 601
Chapter 601
Chapter 601 Roxanne took out her phone to give Lucian a call.
Meanwhile, during a routine morning at Farwell Group, Lucian was seated at the head of the conference table, listening to his subordinate’s report.
Other than that, no one else was making a sound inside the conference room. All of a sudden, a phone’s vibration could be heard.
Everyone, in unison, looked in the direction of the sound, wondering who was brazen enough not to set their phone on silent mode in Lucian’s presence.
Very quickly, the crowd narrowed down the source of the sound to Lucian’s own phone. At that moment, everyone fell silent while waiting for him to deal with it. Under normal circumstances, Lucian would end the call and have them continue.
However, this time, after looking at the caller ID with a frown, he pondered a few seconds before instructing with a grim tone, “That’s all for today’s meeting.”
No sooner had he spoken than he got up with his phone and exited the conference room.
Once he closed the door behind him, everyone exchanged puzzled glances, as this was the first time Lucian ended a meeting just to take a call.
From the looks of it, it seemed like an important one. Hence, everyone wondered if it was related to work.
At the same time, Lucian, with a solemn expression, strode back into his office. Despite answering the call with a frown, he didn’t say a word.
“Mr. Farwell,” Roxanne remarked with a complicated expression while staring at the big bouquet of roses on the floor. Jolted back to his senses, Lucian actually felt nervous. “What is it?” By now, she has likely received the flowers and is probably calling about them.
“Nothing really. It’s just that | have received a bouquet of roses with your name written on the card. | just wanted to check if you have sent them to the wrong place?”
Roxanne’s tone sounded as if there was nothing out of the ordinary.
Her words caused Lucian’s eyes to darken. Just when he was about to retort, Jonathan’s advice rang out in his mind, calming him down. “No, | really meant to send them to you.”
He had barely spoken when silence descended upon the call.
Amidst the pause, Roxanne felt an inexplicable sense of panic, unsure of what Lucian‘s gesture meant When he didn't hear a response from her, the anxious Lucian inquired, “Did you see the card that came with it?”
Upon regaining her senses, Roxanne threw the question back at him instead of answering. “Mr. Farwell, | want to know why you sent mic the roses? I'm sure you know better than | do what the flowers symbolize.”
Lucian‘s brows gradually furrowed at her words.
This is the first time | have given anyone roses. /sn‘l it enough to show my sincerity? Is she really ignorant about it, or does she doubt my feelings for her?
Faced with his silence, Roxanne suppressed her emotions by clasping her palms. Finally, she continued in a casual tone, “Since you're aware of what they mean, please don't send them to me indiscriminately. Doing so will only put me in a diflicult spot.”
Meanwhile. Lysa, who had no way of hearing Lucian‘s answer, could guess what his response was from Roxanne‘s words.
Unable to help herself, she knitted her brows to show her disapproval of how the two youngsters were dealing with their relationship.
It's obvious from Mr. Farwell’s answer that he didn't send the flowers by mistake. If even someone old like me knows what the flowers mean, there’s no reason for the two of them not to. Since Ms. Jarvis is aware, why does she insist on doubting Mr. Farwell’s intentions? 
###Chapter 602
Chapter 602
Chapter 602 Back in the office, Roxanne’s response ignited Lucian’s anger.
Nonetheless, he quickly suppressed it when he recalled what his ive was. Instead, his tone sounded a little colder. “Of course | know what it means. | also assume that you, Ms. Jarvis, would understand my intentions too.”
With a slight wrinkle of her brows, Roxanne, already feeling tired, could sense that Lucian was acting strangely today. “No, | don’t. Whatever it is, Mr. Farwell, just say it to me directly.”
Amidst his frustrated expression and burning rage, Lucian asserted, “I hope that you'll return to my side!”
His words came as such a sudden shock that Roxanne felt as if she was hit by a sledgehammer.
If it had happened six years ago, she would have been overjoyed to hear those words.
However, now, a sense of mockery was all she felt upon regaining her senses.
What does he mean? On one hand, he’s engaged to Aubree. On the other, he’s sending me roses. What do Aubree and | really mean to him?
T After a long silence, the anger within Lucian finally dissipated. He, cognizant of his own words, furrowed his brows in remorse.
Holding back his emotions, Lucian continued as if nothing had happened, “Furthermore, Essie needs a mother. Since she just adores you, and | remember that you, too, are very fond of her-”
Unexpectedly, Roxanne cut him off before he could finish, “Who do you take me for, Mr. Farwell? Do you think that just because Essie likes me, that automatically qualifies me to be her mother? By that logic, Essie’s birth mother is more suitable than me for that role. Therefore, it’s better for you to send Essie back to her!”
Frowning in response, Lucian attempted to clarify himself, but the call ended before he could say a word.
In the end, his eyes brimmed with anger and regret as he stared at the blank screen of his phone.
I'm truly at my wits‘ end on how to get through to her. After | went this far and declared
this far and declared my intentions clearly, she still ends up misunderstanding me! What in the world did | do wrong?
After ending the call, Roxanne turned around to look at Lysa. “Lysa, please take the flowers back to the florist and get them to personally hand them over to Lucian.”
Lysa felt hesitant upon hearing Roxanne’s words. “Ms. Jarvis, don’t you think it's inappropriate?” Lucian’s sincerity was obvious even to an outsider like her.
Throughout this entire time, she had seen for herself how attentive Lucian was to Roxanne.
Every time the latter fell sick, he would always be by her side to care for her. Consequently, there was no reason to doubt Lucian’s feelings for her at all. By doing this... Even if she doesn’t accept him, is it really necessary to go so far as to crush his heart?
Narrowing her eyes, Roxanne retorted matter—of-factly, “Why is it inappropriate? | should have never received them in the first place.”
No sooner had she spoken than Roxanne explained to Lysa, “Don’t misunderstand. Our relationship isn’t what you think it is. One day, when we have time, I'll tell you all about it.”
Roxanne’s words filled Lysa with even greater curiosity. It looks like there’s more to them than meets the eye. In that case, it’s not my place as an ignorant outsider to judge.
With that thought in mind, the conflicted Lysa agreed, “I'll return as soon as possible. You should stay put and not move a muscle. Or else, the wound might rip open.”
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled. 
###Chapter 603
Chapter 603
When Lysa brought the flowers back to the florist, the latter instantly recognized the bo Even the card that came with it was left untouched.
“Hi, um...”
Lysa broke into an apologetic smile. “Please send these flowers back to Farwell Group. Make sure you hand it over to Mr. Farwell personally.”
The words caused the florist to widen her eyes in shock.
No wonder the customer from the morning looked so familiar. Not only was he handsome but also seemed rich. Even then, | had not expected him to be the CEO of Farwell Group.
What was even more inconceivable was that the flowers he sent ended up being rejected.
Consequently, the florist couldn't help but suspect there was something wrong with her flowers. Hence, she inquired, “May | know if there‘s anything unsatisfactory with our flowers?”
Lysa shook her head with a smile. “No, they're fine. We're just returning them for personal reasons.” Just as she finished, Lysa, with no intention to further explain, put the flowers down and left. Looking at the rejected flowers, the confused florist began to grow curious about its intended recipient.
Not only is Mr. Farwell showering her with attention, but she also has the audacity to reject his advances, What makes this woman so special?
After ruminating about the matter, the florist ordered her deliveryman to pass on Lysa‘s message.
On that particular afternoon, Cayden was about to head out for lunch when the receptionist called out to him, “Mr. Lawson, there‘s a man here to deliver roses, and he insists on sending them to Mr. Farwell personally.”
Despite being in her role for a long time, the receptionist couldn‘t make a decision, as it was the first time she encountered such a scenario.
Slightly surprised by her words, Cayden quickly recalled Lucian asking for the contact of a florist the night before. But why have the flowers been sent here? And why does he need to receive them personally? “Please put them aside first. I’ll bring them up to Mr. Farwell in a while,” Cayden replied upon regaining his senses.
Even though the receptionist acknowledged Cayden’‘s instructions, the deliveryman protested, “But our customer insists that | deliver it to Mr. Farwell personally.”
“Don't worry. I'm his assistant,” Cayden explained. “I'll definitely hand them over to him.” The deliveryman hesitated briefly before leaving the flowers with the receptionist. When Cayden came back from lunch in the afternoon, he knocked on Lucian’s door with the flowers in hand.
Having heard Lucian’s acknowledgment from inside, he entered the office and asked tactfully, “Mr. Farwell, these came in the afternoon with instructions that you receive them in person.”
Lucian, engrossed in his work, only looked up when he heard Cayden’s words.
At the sight of the bouquet of roses in the latter’s arms, Lucian’s expression drastically changed. That woman! Not only has she rejected my flowers, but she also sent them back to me!
“Mr. Farwell?” Cayden froze when he felt the sudden tension in the air.
Upon gathering his wits, Lucian responded coldly, “Leave the flowers, and off you go.”
Grunting in acknowledgment, Cayden put the flowers down before leaving the office.
Just as he was closing the door, his curiosity got him thinking.
| wonder who it was that sent the flowers, to the extent of triggering such rage from Mr. Farwell. At that moment, Roxanne’s image flashed across Cayden’s mind.
Come to think of it, she’s the only one who is capable of eliciting such a reaction from him. Also, Mr. Farwell would send roses to no one else but her. | wonder what are both of them fighting about now. Whatever it is, subordinates like us will have to suffer for getting the short end of the stick. 
###Chapter 604
Chapter 604
Chapter 604 When it was time to get off work in the evening, Cayden breathed a sigh of relief for having survived until then. Just as he had expected, Lucian was in a grouchy mood for the rest of the afternoon after receiving the bouquet of flowers.
Having served Lucian for a long time, Cayden knew how to navigate his way around and avoid getting on Lucian‘s nerves. Nonetheless, it didn‘t stop Lucian from scowling at him.
Unfortunately, the same couldn't be said of the senior management who went into his office to make their reports. All of them ended up receiving a piece of his mind.
By the time they came out, their faces had lost all color.
Just when Cayden expected to stay back for work, he was surprised when Lucian didn't need him to. “Please help me pick Essie up,” Lucian instructed before he left.
Only when he saw Lucian enter the elevator did Cayden regain his senses and grunted in acknowledgment. Why isn't he picking her up since he’s leaving work early?
After pondering for a moment, Cayden snuck a peek inside Lucian‘s office and saw that the bouquet of flowers he had brought inside earlier was left untouched.
| guess the reason why Mr. Farwell isn't picking Ms. Estella up has something to do with the flowers. After leaving the office, Lucian drove straight to Queen Group.
Since Jonathan was the one who came up with the idea, Lucian naturally wanted to clarify the problem he was facing with the former.
At Queen Group, Jonathan had just finished for the day and was preparing to drive home.
Therefore, he was surprised to see a familiar Jeep Cherokee parked outside his company the moment he stepped out. If I'm not wrong, that's one of Lucian’s rides. What is he doing here at this hour?
Curious, Jonathan approached the car and knocked on the window.
As the window gradually wound down, it revealed Lucian‘s gloomy expression.
Jonathan‘s heart sank when he saw his friend‘s face. “Lucian, what are—”
With furrowed brows, Lucian remarked, “Get in. Let's go get a drink.”
Jonathan was baffled by the invitation.
In two short days, Lucian invited me out to drink twice, which has never happened before. Unless, of course, he’s having problems with Roxanne again.
As the realization dawned upon him, Jonathan joined Lucian in the car without another word.
The moment he settled down, their car sped off, its inertia almost causing him to sprain his back.
“What happened today? Didn't | already give you an idea? How did you end up quarreling again?” Jonathan asked while putting on his seatbelt.
The mere mention of the matter infuriated Lucian, who replied in a frosty voice, “I followed your instructions, and it was useless.” Hearing that, Jonathan scrunched his brows. “It shouldn't be that way...”
Frieda never fails to smile every time she receives roses. Even if Roxanne doesn't accept him, I'm sure she would at least be warmed by his gesture. Unless... she’s somehow different from other women?
“When you sent her the flowers, did you write your confession on a card and tag it along?” Jonathan inquired while racking his brains.
Lucian‘s expression was just as grim. “I did. In fact, | even wrote the card myself.” Knitting his brows slightly, Jonathan lamented, “The more the reason for it not to fail!” Based on his understanding, the cards that accompanied generic bouquets were usually written by the florist.
Now that Lucian had written one personally, Roxanne, even if her heart was made of stone, should definitely be moved. Is there something wrong with what Lucian wrote?
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 605
Chapter 605
Holding that thought, Jonathan couldn't resist asking, “What did you write?”
However, Lucian had no intention of going into that detail, for Roxanne didn't even mention the card.
In fact, when he asked her about it, she simply ignored his question, causing him to wonder if she had even seen it.
But if she hadn't read it, how would she have known that | was the one who sent her the flowers?
Lucian continued to ruminate on the matter.
Since she chose to call me, she must have read the card but wasn't willing to talk about it. In that case, can there be something wrong with the card's contents?
Meanwhile, Jonathan, after waiting a long while for a response, pestered him, “What did you write? If you don't tell me, how would | know where the problem is?”
Only then did Lucian relent.
Upon hearing what it was, Jonathan couldn't resist massaging his forehead. “What do you mean by ‘let's be honest with each other? Aren't you forcing Ms. Jarvis to speculate? Wouldn't it have been better to pen down your feelings directly?”
If you want Roxanne to admit her feelings for you, you have to do it first!
Throwing him a glance, Lucian added, “She gave me a call after receiving the flowers, and | followed your instructions.” At that, the hope Jonathan had for his friend was reignited. “What did you do? Did you confess?”
Thinking back to his call with her, Lucian nodded without elaborating.
Seeing that, Jonathan was intrigued. “What did you say?”
Lucian replied, “I asked her if she was willing to return to my side.”
“And?” Jonathan pressed on.
After a momentary silence descended upon the car, Lucian’s voice rang out. “She didn't say anything.”
Didnt say anything...
Having contemplated upon it for a few seconds, Jonathan reassured him with a smile, “Not saying anything is better than being downright reject—”
Before he could finish, Lucian continued, “I then told her that Essie needed a mother and since she was fond of Essie...
In that instant, Jonathan was stumped.
He had not expected Lucian to speak so candidly when all he suggested was for the latter to confess his feelings. Furthermore, he was well aware that Lucian had often used Estella as a pretext to get Roxanne to soften her stance. Little did Jonathan expect Lucian to still involve her in such a delicate circumstance.
|s he pursuing Roxanne, or is Estella the one doing it?
“What the hell did | do wrong?” Lucian questioned solemnly. “Or is your method useless to begin with?”
Lucian‘s accusation caused Jonathan to shake his head in resignation. “Lucian, that's not how you court a girl or even confess to her.”
Looking clueless, Lucian was filled with frustration.
“By bringing Estella up unnecessarily, one could be forgiven to think that you're using the girl to threaten Dr. Jarvis,” Jonathan
explained.
Lucian‘s frown deepened. “In that case, what should | do?”
“In order to court a girl, you have to soften your attitude,” Jonathan advised. “Also, remember that you're the one pursuing her; it has nothing to do with Estella. By saying what you said, Dr. Jarvis might think that you're giving her the flowers because you want a mother for Estella. Without knowing what your true feelings are, theres no way she would agree to be with you.”
As he listened earnestly, Lucian felt the exasperation within him gradually build up. He had never courted anyone before, and he didn't think courting someone would be such a complicated endeavor.
Even confessing his feelings seemed to be an art.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 606
Chapter 606
“Do you understand what | have said?” Jonathan asked, just in case. Lucian pinched between his brows.
Despite all he had heard, he was still as confounded as before.
Given what had happened, he couldn't tolerate making another mistake.
Therefore, despite how embarrassing it was, he inquired further, “Tell me in simpler terms what | should say for her to understand me.”
Jonathan was speechless.
Didnt | make it clear enough?
“| love you.”
Jonathan‘s face couldn't be any more serious as he stared at his friend.
No sooner had the words left his mouth than a deathly silence ensued.
Given how earnest Jonathan‘s expression was, even Lucian was stunned for a few seconds.
When Jonathan saw from Lucian‘s expression that he had gotten his point across, he eased the seriousness on his face and continued his coaching. “Do you now know what to say now?”
Lucian, having regained his senses, nodded. “| know that you have never courted a woman in your life, so it's understandable that you might have some difficulty with it.”
Jonathan continued in a solemn tone, “Nonetheless, pursuing a lady is similar to closing a business deal. There's no need to beat around the bush. Just let the opposing party know what your intentions are so that they can understand you properly. Or else, being shady will never win you any deals.”
Just as he spoke, Jonathan patted Lucian on the shoulder. “If you like her, you should then admit it instead of using Essie as an excuse. If you make it into a habit, Dr. Jarvis, based on her character, will grow to be wary of the little girl. When that happens, neither of you will be able to get close to her anymore. And you know what, you would deserve it. But what about Essie? She‘s the innocent one in all this!”
The instant Lucian heard the last sentence, he wrinkled his brows as the temperature around him dropped.
Feeling a chill down his spine, Jonathan, realizing the gravity of his words, tried to laugh it off. “I'm just quoting an example. I'm sure you know what | mean.”
Lucian remained silent.
Truth be told, Jonathan‘s words had hit the nail on the head.
In fact, Roxanne was already avoiding Estella on his account, while Estella was angry at him for the same reason.
Even then, Lucian didn't learn from his mistakes because Roxanne would keep her distance unless he used Estella as an excuse.
After all, he had absolutely run out of ideas.
As Jonathan sipped his wine subconsciously, he snuck a careful glance at Lucian.
Upon seeing the sullen expression on his friends face, Jonathan assumed he had said something wrong and began to regret it. However, Lucian‘s voice suddenly rang out, carrying a hint of suppressed anger.
“What else can | do when she keeps avoiding me?”
When Jonathan felt that Lucian‘s anger had passed, he heaved a sigh of relief and continued, “You just have to be patient. After all, you did hurt her six years ago, so it's not a surprise that she’s avoiding you. If you really want to change her mind, you should drop that high and mighty attitude of yours in front of her. Instead, lower yourself and try to gain her sympathy.”
As Lucian turned his head to give Jonathan a glance, anger seemed to flash across his eyes, as if he was questioning Jonathan‘s audacity to have him play the victim card.
Reading Lucian‘s mind, Jonathan explained, “After being a doctor for so many years, Dr. Jarvis is definitely someone sympathetic. Besides, given how intimidating you are, I'm sure you'll be able to melt her heart by playing victiin.”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 607
Chapter 607
After Jonathan spent the entire night analyzing the situation for Lucian, the latter finally agreed with a frown.
On the way back home, Lucian continued to playback Jonathan‘s words in his mind.
It's not like | don't want to lower myself in front of her. It's just that she gets on my nerves so much that I just can't control myself.
Now that he thought about it, Lucian was again filled with remorse.
It looks like | have no choice but to get a grip on my temper. After all, I'm the reason why our relationship became this way. By the time he returned to the Farwell residence, it was almost ten in the evening.
Usually, Estella would already be asleep at that hour.
However, when he opened the mansion door, he could hear the sound of her room door opening at the same time. Raising his head, he saw her standing on her heels and staring down at him with her lips pursed.
When he caught her gaze, Lucian‘s brows furrowed quizzically. Casting his thoughts about Roxanne aside, he changed out of his shoes before walking upstairs to her.
“Why aren't you sleeping yet?”
Estella looked up at her father with sparkling eyes that were brimming with innocence. “When are we going to see Ms. Jarvis again?”
When school was over earlier, it was Lysa who picked the brothers up. Having heard of Roxanne’s injury, Pippa asked Lysa about it out of concern.
When Estella, who had planned to visit Roxanne in two days, overheard their conversation and learned of the latter's injury, she wanted to go to Roxanne'’s side at once.
Initially, she planned to get Lucian to take her when he picked her up from school but didn‘t expect to not see him at all. Thus, she waited up for him so that she could tell him her plan.
Upon hearing her request, Lucian fell deep into thought before a gentle glint flashed
in his eyes. “I'll take you there once I'm done with work.”
With her lips pursed, Estella gave him a reluctant look. “But Ms. Jarvis‘ injury would have healed by then.”
Thinking about Roxanne‘s wound, Lucian felt his heart sink as a grim expression descended upon his face.
Given how enraged she was during the day, | wonder if it had affected her recovery.
“Daddy...” Estella gave his sleeve a wary tug.
Lucian reached out his hand to tousle her hair. “Essie, do you trust me?” She fell into a brief silence before giving him a slow nod. Seeing her response, Lucian sighed in relief discreetly.
“Ms. Jarvis needs to rest for a few days. Also, she'll be tired from taking care of the brothers. Therefore, we'll just be interrupting her rest if we visit her now. If you
really want her to recover as soon as possible, then listen to me. Once I'm done with: my work, we'll visit her together.” Despite nodding half—heartedly, Estella‘s longing for Roxanne caused a pitiful look to appear on her face.
Stroking her puffy cheeks, Lucian leaned down to hold her hand. “If you're really worried, you can also ask the boys about her condition.”
Just to reassure her further, Lucian made a remark that he himself didn't believe in. “Now that Ms. Jarvis is no longer avoiding us, I'll take you to see her whenever you want once | have finished my work.”
Finally convinced, Estella nodded obediently.
As Lucian watched her fall asleep, his expression gradually darkened.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 608
Chapter 608
Chapter 608 Standing by her bedroom, Lucian wore a solemn expression on his face.
Regardless of how his relationship with Roxanne was now, he had already made a promise to Estella. As a result, time was of the essence for him to win Roxanne back.
The next morning, Lucian sent Estella to kindergarten early and ran into Lysa by coincidence.
“Essie!” the boys greeted her from afar.
Replying to them with a hum, the beaming Estella shook off her father's hand and walked over to join them. Lucian didn't stop her. Instead, he simply reminded, “Slow down.” Estella nodded in compliance.
Meanwhile, when the brothers noticed Lucian‘s presence after hearing his voice, they raised their heads and gave him a hesitant look.
Locking gazes with them, Lucian broke into an indiscernible frown as his eyes reflected his complex emotions. All this while, the boys resented him just as much as their mother did. Therefore, he wondered if they had noticed Roxanne being infuriated by him the day before.
After all, given how difficult it was to get the boys to change their attitude toward him, Lucian didn‘t want to risk having it go back to the way it was.
Just as he was lost in his thoughts, the brothers‘ squeaky voices rang out. “Good morning, Mr. Farwell.”
As Lucian looked in the direction of the voices, he saw Archie and Benny bowing politely at him. By the time they straightened themselves, their eyes had strayed somewhere else.
At that moment, Lucian was puzzled by their attitude toward him. When the children were avoiding him previously, it was as though he didn't exist. However, today, the boys greeted him of their own volition.
Logically speaking, their attitude toward him had improved, but their reaction upon greeting him caused Lucian to doubt his own supposition.
Taking their mother's feelings into account, the boys restrained their desire to see their father and chatted with Estella instead. On the other end, a strange look was painted all over Lysa‘s face.
The moment she saw Lucian, she was reminded of the roses from the day before and didn't know how to react.
Fortunately, the boys greeted him first, giving her enough time to gather her wits. “Mr. Farwell...” she finally uttered.
Even then, the tone Lysa greeted Lucian with still sounded awkward.
Knitting his brows, he gave her a puzzled look.
He wondered if it was just his imagination but felt as if Lysa still had something to say.
Lysa, who felt her heart skip a beat when she made eye contact, smiled at him as if , nothing had happened. “What a coincidence to see you drop Essie off at school today.”
Nodding slightly, Lucian could see from her eyes that she seemed to be scrutinizing him.
With her mind filled with images of the roses and her speculation about his relationship with Roxanne, Lysa couldn't hide her uneasiness from his gaze, regardless of how hard she tried.
When her strange expression didn't escape Lucian‘s notice, he asked with a raised brow, “Do you have something to say?” Wiping the sweat off her hand on her pants, Lysa forced a smile. “No, not at all.”
Even though she had met Lucian plenty of times, this was thie first time she felt the intimidating pressure from his gaze. Filled with guilt, Lysa was worried that the incident about the roses would slip her tongue.
After giving it some thought, she figured Lucian probably wouldn't want an outsider like her to know about this.
Even though Lysa tried her best to maintain her front, Lucian could still guess what was going through her mind, but he didn't comment. Instead, he simply said, “Please take good care of Ms. Jarvis.”
Lysa acknowledged at once.
Next Chapter Coming Soon... 
###Chapter 609
Chapter 609
After watching the children enter the kindergarten, Lucian drove to the florist from before.
“Mr. Farwell...”
The florist couldn't help but greet him upon learning his identity from the previous day‘s events.
Lucian nodded with a frown, guessing that the florist knew who he was when the flowers were returned.
In response to his acknowledgment, the florist grew visibly nervous. “Is there anything else you need? What do you think of the flowers yesterday?”
No sooner had the words rolled off her tongue than she remembered that the flowers were returned.
D
Quickly realizing her faux pas, the anxious florist zipped her lips and wondered if Lucian had come to hold them accountable. At the mention of the flowers, Lucian threw the florist a grim look.
Lowering her head fearfully, she didn't dare utter another word.
“From today onward, send the freshest flowers you have to that address every day. As to what kind of flowers, you have the liberty to decide,” Lucian barked out his instructions.
Since he had already been recognized, there was no need for him to hide his influence. Having heard his words, the florist felt a sense of relief that quickly turned into delight.
Even though the flowers were returned, Mr. Farwell didn't blame us for it. Instead, he has ordered more flowers from us! Does this mean that he’s happy with the flowers from our shop?
Holding that thought, the elated florist quickly nodded. “All right! We will make sure to send her the best flowers every day!” After nodding in acknowledgment, Lucian scanned the QR code to pay.
“Um, Mr. Farwell...” When a sudden thought dawned upon the florist, she raised her gaze to look at Lucian with a fearful expression. “What should we do if the flowers are returned again?”
She had barely finished when a sudden chill filled the air.
Lucian‘s expression subsequently darkened, as he had almost forgotten about the possibility of Roxanne turning the flowers down again.
If she continues to be stubborn... “Just do as she says,” Lucian responded after giving it some thought. Upon acknowledging the instructions, the florist lamented to herself.
| wonder who this lady is to have Mr. Farwell shower so much attention on her. It's one thing for him to send flowers daily but another to not mind having them rejected.
“In that case,” the florist tactfully said, “do you want to add a card inside? If you do, do you want to write them yourself, or do you want us to do it for you?”
If Lucian writes them personally, wouldn't | be able to see this divine-looking man every day?
Lucian‘s brows knitted slightly. “No, | don't.”
Roxanne didn'‘t notice the card the last time. Besides, | have no idea what to write, and after what happened yesterday, I'm sure she'll know the flowers are from me.
With her hopes dashed, the florist nodded in disappointment. “All right.”
Checking the time, Lucian didn‘t stay a second longer and quickly left.
Back at the company, Cayden was already waiting for Lucian outside the latter's office.
Upon seeing Lucian stepping out of the elevator, he welcomed his boss and reported the day’‘s itinerary. Both of them talked as they strode into Lucian’s office.
The moment they stepped in, the flaming red roses left on the couch yesterday came into Cayden‘s view. From then on, Cayden‘s attention began to drift.
“What are you thinking about?” Lucian questioned with a frown after noticing the distracted look on Cayden’‘s face.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 610
Chapter 610
Given a fright, Cayden was briefly stunned before he made a random excuse. “I was thinking if we should do something about the flowers because they'll quickly dry out if we leave them be.”
Giving the flowers a frustrated look, Lucian replied a few seconds later, “Do as you will.”
Breathing a sigh of relief, Cayden concurred, “In that case, I'll put them in a vase later.”
Lucian gave him a tacit nod before motioning him to continue with the reports.
This time, Cayden got a grip on himself and managed to concentrate.
Once he was done reporting, Cayden gave Lucian a wary look and asked, “Shall | go get a vase now, Mr. Farwell?”
However, Lucian didn't reply as he was already engrossed in work.
Having worked for Lucian for many years, Cayden was naturally aware that silence meant the former giving his implicit approval. As a result, Cayden went off to fill a vase with water before silently treading back into the office and putting the roses in it.
While doing so, he caught a glimpse of the card that was placed among the flowers.
The sight of it filled Cayden with a sense of sorrow.
The way he saw it, Lucian was serious about Roxanne, as he had never seen the former do something like that before.
Unfortunately, the first flowers that Lucian had sent in his life ended up being rejected, causing Cayden to wonder what was. going through Roxanne’s mind.
Before he could recover from the shock of it all, the company received another bouquet of flowers that Lucian had to personally receive.
Coincidentally, Cayden had returned from lunch just like the day before.
At that moment, everyone in the lobby gawked at him, while the receptionist gave him a helpless look.
Evidently, they were waiting for him to deal with the sensitive matter.
Upon recalling the scowl on Lucian‘s face when he brought the flowers in the day
before, Cayden felt a sudden chill down his spine.
Turning his thoughts to the one who returned the flowers, Cayden was just overwhelmed with frustration.
Regardless of whether he accepted the flowers or not, Lucian would definitely end up being angry.
“Mr. Lawson...” the receptionist pleaded.
Left without a choice, Cayden walked up to her in resignation. “Give them to me.”
Ashort while later, Cayden strode into the elevator with a sense of dread.
The moment Cayden walked away, the entire lobby burst into an uproar.
“Are the flowers meant for Mr. Farwell? Who was it that sent the flowers? | can't believe Mr. Lawson actually accepted them!” “Is there even a need to ask? The only one who qualifies for such treatment is Ms. Pearson. After all, she's Mr. Farwell's fiancée!”
“Given how aloof Ms. Pearson always looks, | didn‘t expect her to be someone passionate enough to send Mr. Farwell flowers every day.”
Oblivious to the fact that the flowers were returned and under the impression someone had sent them to Lucian, everyone began to gossip about the sender,
In the meantime, Cayden was standing in Lucian’s office with the flowers in his hands, feeling on edge. “Mr. Farwell, this is...” The instant the words rolled off his tongue, Cayden could feel the sudden tension in the air.
Evidently, Lucian had guessed what he was going to say next.
The change in mood caused Cayden to wonder if he should even continue.
Much to his relief, Lucian’s voice rang out in the end. “Just deal with it as you see fit.”
With that, Cayden grunted in immediate acknowledgment before heading off to find another vase.
As Lucian stared at the new bouquet in his office, his gaze darkened.
Even though he was aware that Roxanne might reject the flowers, he didn‘t expect it to be done so quickly.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 611
Chapter 611
Lysa came back after returning the flowers. She hesitated about saying something to Roxanne, who was studying some information on her laptop on the couch.
Roxanne turned around when she heard some noises near the doorway. Seeing Lysa, she asked, “Have you returned the flowers?”
The housekeeper nodded slightly and replied, “I've asked someone from the florist's to send it back.”
Satisfied, Roxanne wordlessly returned her attention to her work.
Though Colby had been in charge of all matters pertaining to the research institute, he still needed Roxanne to discuss a potential collaboration with the Damaris family.
Roxanne treated the matter seriously as well. In fact, during her recovery at home, she had spent most of her attention on the research institute project.
Thankfully, Jack knew about her injury and did not hasten her progress. Instead, he allowed her to work at a comfortable pace.
His consideration filled Roxanne with some measure of guilt. She was determined to develop an in-depth understanding of the project so she could pick things up more quickly once she returned to work.
As she studied the project information in rapt attention, Lysa‘s voice suddenly rang out. “Ms. Jarvis, don't you think you're being a little... cold-hearted?”
Sending back flowers was undoubtedly a show of humiliation toward any gift-giver, let alone someone as revered as Lucian.
Additionally, Lucian‘s final reminder that morning moved Lysa, who was becoming more convinced that Lucian‘s feelings toward Roxanne were sincere.
+ Her housekeeper's question brought a frown to Roxanne’s face. Tearing her gaze
from the laptop screen, she responded coolly, “Nothing will ever happen between us, so returning his flowers is the only natural thing to do.”
Upon noticing Lysa’s intent to refute her, Roxanne mustered a smile and added, “Don't worry yourself over this. I‘ll never accept anything from him, and that's final.”
After that, Roxanne turned to face her laptop screen, her fingers flying across the keyboard in a flurry. It was an undeniable sign that she no longer wished to discuss the topic of Lucian’s affection.
Watching Roxanne bury her attention in work, Lysa swallowed the advice on the tip
of her tongue. She turned and entered the kitchen in resignation, sighing to herself.
After Lysa‘s departure, Roxanne’s typing speed slowed.
She found she could no longer focus wholeheartedly on her work after the housekeeper's words.
Ever since she saw Lucian upon returning to the country for the first time, Roxanne had sensed that his attitude toward her was completely different from six years ago.
As for why his attitude had taken such a huge turn, Roxanne dared not allow herself to imagine why.
Alas, Lucian‘s actions over the past two days forced her to examine his motives in deeper detail.
After all, despite Lucian‘s bold proclamations about how much he loved Aubree six years ago, Roxanne had never seen him give Aubree even a single flower.
Sending flowers had always been inconsistent with Lucian‘s character, yet he had gone out of character and given her flowers instead of Aubree.
Moreover, after returning his flowers the day before, Roxanne was surprised to receive another bouquet the next day. Perhaps what surprised her more was her reaction when she saw the second bouquet of flowers.
There were no cards or further evidence in the bouquet pointing to Lucian as the sender, yet one look was all it took for Roxanne to think of him.
Acting on instinct, she had Lysa send the flowers back to Lucian. Roxanne hoped Lucian would finally understand her wishes and stay away.
At that moment, she only wished to launch a successful collaboration with the Damaris family and achieve some strides in the field of traditional medicine.
In her eyes, Lucian‘s actions were merely a recipe for trouble.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 612
Chapter 612
Over the next few days, when Lysa fetched Archie and Benny home from school, they would always run into the same employee from the flower shop.
Despite Roxanne’s repeated instructions to send the flowers back, Lysa stubbornly carried each bouquet into the house to show Roxanne.
Lysa believed the flowers represented Lucian‘s feelings, and even if Roxanne had no plans to accept them, she needed to see proof of his sincerity with her own eyes.
Several failed deliveries later, the employee from the flower shop simply waited longer outside Roxanne‘s house to receive the returned flowers, saving Lysa a trip to the florist's.
When the weekend rolled along, Roxanne thought Lucian would finally stop sending her flowers, so she was surprised to hear someone ringing her doorbell early in the morning
Lysa had taken the weekend off, leaving just Roxanne and her two boys at home. Thus, no one went to open the door at first.
Roxanne opened her eyes groggily, conflicting emotions churning in her chest as she listened to the persistent ringing of the doorbell.
The flower shop‘s employee always showed up at this time to deliver Lucian’s flowers.
Roxanne thought about leaving the door unanswered, believing it would clearly convey her feelings about the flowers to the employee.
However, she suddenly heard the pitter—patter of footsteps in the living room. The doorbell stopped ringing abruptly, followed by the muffled sounds of her children‘s voices. * “Hello. How can | help you?”
Archie and Benny had been awake for a while, but they obediently stayed in their room so they would not disturb their mother's slumber.
When the doorbell rang, they worried it would wake Roxanne up, so they hurried downstairs to answer the door. They did not even check who their visitor was before opening the door.
The boys were at a loss for words when they spotted a massive bouquet of roses filling the doorway.
Archie and Benny might be young, but even they knew what a gift of roses meant.
Someone gave Mommy roses!
The boys exchanged curious glances. Are we getting a new daddy soon?
As the same thought crossed their mind, the boys simultaneously turned to the door.
They were about to ask who had sent the flowers when Roxanne’s voice rang out behind them. “Please send the flowers back.” The boys jumped in surprise at their mother's voice.
Mommy’‘s sending the flowers back without even looking at them?
Roxanne dared not look at her sons‘ expressions as she walked to the mansion‘s door and smiled politely at the flower shop's employee. “Thank you, and sorry for the trouble.”
The employee stared at Roxanne in awe. He was finally seeing the mysterious recipient of his week-long flower delivery.
The woman before him wore a simple but elegant nightgown. Her long hair was artfully disheveled, while her features were so striking that even without makeup, it
was impossible to tear one’s eyes away from her face.
One look and the employee immediately understood why Lucian sent his unwilling recipient flowers with such dogged determination.
Just then, Benny asked innocently, “Sir, may | know who sent these flowers?”
The employee snapped out of his trance and looked at the two boys before him. He was about to reply to Benny‘s question when Roxanne interjected, “If there‘s nothing else, I'm bringing the children in. Sorry.”
With that, Roxanne closed the door on the employee. She did not want her children to learn of Lucian‘s flower deliveries. “Mommy?” Archie and Benny stared at their mother in confusion after she abruptly closed the door.
Roxanne acted as though nothing was amiss as she ruffled the boys‘ hair and said, “T don’t know who gave me the flowers either, but | don't plan on keeping them.”
The boys exchanged a suspicious glance. They knew their mother too well, and she did not react as though this was her first anonymous flower delivery. In fact, she even seemed scared to see the flowers.
What is Mommy so scared about?
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 613
Chapter 613
Roxanne sensed Archie and Benny's suspicion. Concealing her unease, she calmly led the children to the couch.
After Roxanne rested at home for a week, her leg injury had made a decent recovery, and she could already walk unassisted.
Nonetheless, Lysa and the children fussed over her condition and insisted she rest for a couple more days at home.
As the three of them settled on the couch, the children's attention remained on the rejected flowers, and they asked, "Mommy, why didn't you accept the flowers?"
Roxanne did not expect her children's question and struggled to come up with a reply.
Noticing her strange behavior, Archie asked, "The delivery man didn't answer our question. What if he sent the flowers to the wrong house?"
The words had barely left his mouth when Archie hopped off the couch, shooting his mother a final glance before declaring, "I'll go check with the delivery man. What if he really sent the flowers to the wrong house?"
With that said, he actually began walking toward the door.
Frowning, Roxanne ordered, "Come back here, Archie."
Her son pretended not to hear her as he walked resolutely to the door.
Roxanne's reaction confirmed their suspicions that this was not the first time she had received the flowers.
If we're going to have a new daddy, we need to know who he is!
Her sons' obstinance caused Roxanne's heart to sink, and she desperately tried to think of a diversion.
A moment later, Roxanne winced in pain and bent down to cradle her injured leg. "Benny, help Mommy see if my wound reopened."
Her words startled the boys.
Benny clambered off the couch, carefully inspecting his mother's wound, while Archie stopped his march toward the door and hurried back to the couch.
The boys scrutinized Roxanne's injury for a long time, and she took advantage of the time to think of a plan.
Finally, the boys raised their heads and said, "The wound didn't reopen. Does it still hurt, Mommy?"
Smiling reassuringly at them, Roxanne replied, "It doesn't hurt anymore. Maybe I accidentally touched it. Thank you, my darlings."
Her little stunt successfully diverted the boys' attention from the flower deliveries.
Still smiling, Roxanne explained gently to her sons, "I was just worried that the man at the door was a bad guy. You are still children, and I'm injured, so I can't protect you if anything happens. The safest thing to do is to quickly close the door. If someone really sent those flowers to me, I'm sure he or she will call me and tell me about it later."
Archle and Benny glanced at each other, finding her explanation reasonable enough. Roxanne added, "Also, the two of you shouldn't be opening the door to strangers next time. You gave me a shock. Do you understand?" It was a praiseworthy acting performance on her part.
The boys nodded, still looking slightly uncertain, though they replied, "Yes, Mommy. We'll be more careful in the future. Sorry for scaring you."
Their replies relieved Roxanne, who felt as though she had dodged a bullet. "It's fine. All that matters is that you are safe."
She nagged her children a little more as a neat conclusion to her act before heading off to freshen up.
Worried that her children would discover Lucian's identity as the mysterious gift-giver, Roxanne had jumped out of bed without even running her fingers through her messy bedhead.
She was grateful that she had stopped them from learning the truth in time.
Had she arrived a second later, the boys would have learned all about Lucian's involvement, and Roxanne dared not imagine their reaction to the news.
###Chapter 614
Chapter 614
Chapter 614 After breakfast, Roxanne played with Archie and Benny for a while before heading to her study.
While she was playing with her kids, Roxanne worried incessantly over another flower delivery the next day. She feared no amount of excuses would satisfy her children then.
Eventually, Roxanne decided she was left with no choice but to call Lucian.
Meanwhile, Lucian was working overtime at Farwell Group offices.
His office was swimming in bouquets after the past week. It clashed with his office’s interior design. With the addition of each new, rejected bouquet, the atmosphere in the office cooled further.
When Cayden came in apologetically with yet another bouquet, Lucian noticed that it had been removed from its original wrapping and arranged in a vase instead.
“Mr. Farwell, she sent the flowers back. Again.” Cayden spoke softly, his entire body taut with tension as he sensed the dour atmosphere.
Lucian glanced coldly at Cayden, his gaze darkening at a frightening pace.
Cayden quietly placed the flowers in a corner and left the office. He moved as quietly as he could, fearing the wrath of his boss if he made even the slightest noise.
Soon enough, Lucian was left alone in the office. Staring at the sea of flowers in his office, he slowly approached them.
Over the past week, he had followed Jonathan’s advice to the book, sending bouquet after bouquet despite Roxanne’s repeated rejection.
Alas, Roxanne had not been moved by his actions as Jonathan had promised. What went wrong?
Sometime later, Lucian retracted his gaze frustratedly and strode toward his desk. He grabbed his phone, planning to interrogate Jonathan about the wisdom of his plan.
Suddenly, his phone screen lit up with an incoming call as his hands closed over the device.
As he stared at the caller ID, Lucian frowned, clearly confused.
Roxanne? Why is she calling me now?
Since the first day of his uninvited flower deliveries, she had not called him again to express her stance.
Wait... What if she suddenly changed her mind?
As that thought crossed his mind, Lucian grew nervous, and he answered the call with tightly knitted brows.
“Mr. Farwell,” Roxanne greeted him coolly once the line connected.
Her cold demeanor was evident to Lucian, whose heart sank. “Good day, Ms. Jarvis. How can | help you?” he asked. On the other end of the phone, Roxanne pursed her lips in annoyance at his innocent act.
She replied, “Well, Mr. Farwell, what’s the meaning of your persistent flower deliveries? I've made my rejection very clear. Why waste your efforts, Mr. Farwell?”
Her question brought a severe frown to Lucian’s face, but he quickly schooled his expression into a mask of calmness before responding, “Just as you are free to reject my deliveries, | am free to continue expressing my affections toward you, Ms. Jarvis.”
In other words, he would not stop sending her flowers.
Roxanne clenched her fists in exasperation as she gritted out, “I may not have a say over it, but | implore you to consider the propriety of your timing. | don’t believe you want the children to learn about this, do you, Mr. Farwell?”
At last, Lucian fell into silence.
He had been doing this behind Estella’s back.
The girl had always thought that Roxanne had accepted them, and he did not wish to disappoint her.
If Archie and Benny knew that Roxanne had been rejecting Lucian’s flowers, they would surely find a way to tell Estella about it. Roxanne took his silence as agreement, and she added, “Mr. Farwell, please stop sending these things to my house!”
She then hung up without giving him a chance to reply. 
###Chapter 615
Chapter 615
Lucian’s gaze darkened as he stared at his phone.
An indeterminate amount of time passed before he located the flower shop’s number and called them.
“Don't send any flowers tomorrow. Starting next week, please send them to VR Research Institute instead.”
The flower shop staff agreed immediately.
Meanwhile, though Roxanne had clearly expressed her rejection, she continued to worry that Lucian would ignore her pleas. The next day, Roxanne awoke bright and early and waited in the living room.
Her children seemed to echo her thoughts as they came downstairs early to wait with her.
The three of them waited with bated breath, especially Roxanne, who was fraught with nerves.
Thankfully for her, no one came to ring her doorbell even after a long while.
Roxanne was immensely relieved as she watched the suspicions clearing from her sons‘ faces. She naively assumed that Lucian had finally given up.
The next day, after resting at home for almost half a month, Roxanne was dying to return to work.
Her wound had healed nicely, and she could walk quite comfortably.
Roxanne convinced Lysa and the boys to allow her to return to the research institute.
She arrived at about ten in the morning, having spent much time trying to persuade Lysa.
Roxanne did not know why, but she thought the workers at the research institute were all staring at her with strange expressions. As she approached the doorway, Colby happened to exit her office.
“Dr. Jarvis,” Colby greeted, a conflicted emotion flitting across his expression. More confused than ever, Roxanne asked, “Did anything happen this morning?”
1. CU. Why is everyone staring at me like that? And why did Colby come out of my office?
Instead, Colby stared at her with a concerned expression and asked, “Why did you suddenly show up to work? Has your leg healed completely?”
Roxanne replied simply, “Almost.”
After that, she questioned, “So what happened here? Why does it feel as though everyone's staring at me with such a strange expression?”
Forced into a corner, Colby pretended to be calm and smiled at Roxanne. “Someone sent a bouquet of roses over this morning for you. | thought you weren't coming today, so | put it in your office for you.”
Colby had run into an employee from the flower shop when he arrived at the research institute that morning.
The employee immediately asked Colby if he knew Roxanne, and Colby froze for a good minute when he saw the bouquet of roses.
Eventually, he received the flowers on Roxanne’s behalf.
His heart churned with an indescribable emotion as he walked into the research institute. Naturally, gossip about the anonymous flower delivery spread like wildfire among the workers at the research institute. The chatter only ceased when Roxanne herself showed up.
After the woman heard Colby’s explanation, her expression froze, and she almost ran to her office, only to see a bouquet of red roses lying on her desk.
From behind her, Colby explained, “I didn’t manage to ask who sent the flowers. Perhaps you already know who sent them.”
Roxanne clenched her fists so hard that her nails dug into her palm. She forced herself to calm down before shooting Colby a strained smile. “I know, but could | trouble you for a favor? If anyone asks about this, just tell them it's a wrong delivery.”
She did not want the delivery to affect her reputation at work.
Colby was surprised and perplexed by her request.
Is she accepting the bouquet sender's feelings or not?
Meanwhile, Roxanne nodded nonchalantly at him before taking a seat at her desk.
As Colby immediately sensed her unwillingness to discuss the issue, he suppressed his curiosity. Instead, he nodded and agreed to her request. 
###Chapter 616
Chapter 616
When Colby wanted to continue updating her about the progress of projects at the research institute, Roxanne stopped him. “I have to take care of some matters now. You can leave first if there’s nothing important.”
Colby could not quite see the expression on her face as she was facing downward. Knitting his brows, he glanced at the roses beside her. It was obvious that the roses had affected Roxanne’s emotions.
In the past, as someone who took her work seriously, Roxanne would have checked on the progress of the projects with him whenever she was away from the research institute, but she seemed a little different today.
Hence, Colby was overwhelmed by conflicting emotions. Since he only had limited interaction with Roxanne, he did not know who gave her the flowers. Most importantly, he had no idea how Roxanne felt about the person.
Roxanne lifted her eyes, noticing Colby was still standing in her office. Giving him a puzzled look, she asked, “What's wrong? Is there anything else you want to tell me?”
Colby returned to his senses as he lowered his eyes and replied, “Nothing. I’m going out now. Feel free to call me if you need help.”
Nodding, Roxanne watched him leave the office.
As the door gradually closed, Roxanne was left alone in the office.
She looked away and tried to suppress her anger, hoping to focus on her work.
Yet, the bouquet was so distracting that she could not stop herself from staring at it.
Feeling annoyed, Roxanne put aside her work and walked to the bouquet, but she did not know what to do with it. She thought Lucian would have listened to her after the call she made last weekend.
| didn't erpect him to deliver the flowers here! Given his character, he'll still do it in the future. His action will cause further misunderstanding among my staff if they see this!
Roxanne’s heart started to hurt when she thought of the consequences. After a short hesitation, she fished out her phone and decided to give Lucian a call.
Meanwhile, Lucian was listening to updates from his subordinates in Farwell Group’s conference room with a deadpan expression.
Deep in his heart, he was a little frustrated with himself. | wonder how she reacted to the bouquet since | ordered someone to send it to the research institute without her permission.
All the subordinates put their guard up during their presentation as they could sense a chilling aura from Lucian. All of a sudden, a phone on the table started vibrating, interrupting the meeting.
“Let's take a break.” Before anyone could react, Lucian picked up his phone and left the conference room.
Everyone in the room exchanged glances upon seeing the CEO’s reaction.
It was the second time Lucian answered a call during the meeting throughout this period.
They wondered if the call was from which influential figure.
At once, all of them started discussing among themselves.
Lucian had no idea what they did behind his back as he went straight back to his office to answer Roxanne’s call.
“What are you trying to do, Mr. Farwell? Did | not make myself clear? Why did you send a bouquet to my workplace?” Roxanne’s voice emerged from the other end of the phone.
Lucian frowned when he heard what she said. Roxanne sounded frustrated; she was not touched by what he did at all.
Before Lucian could respond to her, Roxanne continued, “Do you know how grave of a misunderstanding your action can cause, especially among my staff?”
Adeep line formed between Lucian’s brows. “Isn’t that your wish? | only sent the bouquet to the research institute because you didn’t want the children to know about it.” 
###Chapter 617
Chapter 617
Before Roxanne could say anything, the man continued, “Besides, you did send the flowers back to my office, didn’t you? Do you want to know how my staff talked behind my back?”
Lucian said it matter—of-factly.
His reply rendered Roxanne speechless for a moment. After a short pause, she gritted her teeth and retorted, “That’s because your action has caused inconvenience to me, Mr. Farwell!”
Lucian let out a baffling laugh. “Your action has caused me inconvenience too, Ms. Jarvis.” “Lucian Farwell!” Roxanne called out his name with a raised voice. “You knew what | meant!”
Lucian’s expression turned grim as he responded in a solemn voice, “You knew my intention as well. Why wouldn't you give me a chance?”
Their conversation kept hitting a deadlock.
Roxanne pressed her lips, remaining silent for a while. After regaining her composure, she said calmly, “Let's meet and talk it out.”
She had to think of a way to end this quickly as she did not want to play this with him anymore. game
Upon hearing that, Lucian arched his brows, surprised that she would want to meet up with him. But it seems she just wants to turn me down in front of me.
The man pursed his lips as he agreed, “Sure. You decide the time and place, then.”
Roxanne acknowledged at once.
After ending the call, Lucian returned to the conference room. However, this time, he looked less intimidating. Those who talked behind his back immediately zipped their mouth, looking all businesslike once again. “Let's continue,” Lucian ordered.
With that, someone stood up and continued with the meeting.
During the meeting, Lucian’s phone started blinking again.
Arching his brows, he glanced at the screen, noticing the text from Roxanne. She told him to meet her at a café near the research institute during lunch break.
The people in the meeting noticed the tension on Lucian’s face had eased after he looked at the phone screen. In fact, he seemed to be in a good mood by the time the meeting ended. It was already noon when he left the conference room and returned to his office.
Glancing at the time on his watch, Lucian felt concerned about the meeting with Roxanne, as he had not thought of what to say later.
Their meetings in the past had ended on a sour note, and Lucian knew things would not get better this time because Roxanne was determined to reject him.
Of course, Lucian would not let things go her way.
Feeling vexed at the thought of the intense exchange that might happen later, he decided to give Jonathan a call. It did not take long for Jonathan to answer his call. “Yes, Lucian. How can | help you?”
Lucian replied in a deep voice, “I'll be meeting her later.”
Hearing that, Jonathan froze for a moment, but he soon realized who Lucian was talking about.
“So... | suppose you've made good progress?” Jonathan asked in surprise.
Lucian said frankly, “She’s planning to reject me.”
His reply left Jonathan speechless. Did Lucian do anything wrong? Why does Dr. Jarvis keep on rejecting him? Had the person involved in this been someone else, Jonathan would have advised him to give up.
However, since the center of the drama revolved around Lucian and Estella’s biological mother, Jonathan had no choice but to come up with ideas to help Lucian
out.
Yet, Jonathan had run out of ideas since Lucian said Roxanne was determined to turn him down. 
###Chapter 618
Chapter 618
It was almost noon, but Jonathan had not been able to come up with a solution. He could only advise Lucian, “Whatever you say or do, remember to tone down your attitude. Don’t confront her head-on.”
Lucian frowned but acknowledged at once. After ending the call, Lucian went downstairs and drove to Roxanne’s research institute. In the meantime, Roxanne got up, ready to depart to the café when most of her staff had left the building.
Before stepping out of the research institute, she stopped in her track as something popped up in her mind. She then returned to her office to retrieve the roses. | might as well give him back the flowers since I’m meeting him.
She was relieved that no one saw her walking with a bouquet of roses.
When Roxanne was about to walk to the car park after leaving the research institute, she saw a Bentley at the entrance of the building.
Noticing her from a distance, the man immediately got out of the car and walked toward her.
Roxanne’s expression stiffened when she saw the man coming in her direction. Didn't | tell him to meet me at the café? What on earth is he doing here? It’s as if he’s still unhappy with the damage done when he sent the bouquet over this morning!
“It’s noon now, so | feel we should have a proper meal instead. That’s why | came here to fetch you,” Lucian explained as if he knew what she was thinking.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne snapped back to reality. With a frown, she responded, “No thanks. Let’s just grab a quick coffee.” She wanted to avoid having lunch with Lucian because she did not want to spend more time with him.
However, Lucian acted as if her words fell on deaf ears as he continued, “What would you like to eat? I'll reserve a table now.” Roxanne gave him a puzzled look.
She was unsure if her mind was playing tricks on her, but somehow, she felt Lucian looked slightly different from how he used to carry himself.
“That won't be necessary. | don’t feel like eating. I’m asking you out so we can clear things up once and for all.” Roxanne reiterated her motive icily before giving him back the bouquet. “Your flowers. Please take it back.”
Lucian, who was busy scrolling through his phone, froze instantly. He lifted his eyes and looked over. A hard glint flashed across his eyes.
When he noticed her carrying the bouquet from a distance earlier, he had already expected her to return the flowers to him. However, he intentionally diverted her attention so that she would forget about the flowers.
Should that happen, he would be in a foul mood.
Yet, the woman was not going to give up easily. Inching closer, she placed the bouquet in front of him. “Here.”
After a stand-off, Lucian finally reached out his hand to retrieve the flowers with a deadpan expression. “I’m sad that you refused to accept the bouquet. To make it up to me, please have lunch with me.”
Roxanne studied his expression but did not see a hint of sadness on his face.
“I'm sorry,
Le
When she was about to reject his offer, Lucian interrupted, “I didn’t have breakfast this morning. My stomach is growling now.” He started frowning while playing the sympathy card. “You want me to drink coffee with you on an empty stomach, Ms. Jarvis?” As his words fell, Lucian gazed into the woman’s eyes.
He came out with the idea on the spot.
According to Jonathan, resorting to tactics that could tug at her heartstrings might work.
In the past, Lucian would have looked down on such a dirty trick, but the woman’s attitude left him with no choice other than to resort to this tactic.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne hesitated for a moment. Swallowing her words, she sized the man up while knitting her brows. 
###Chapter 619
Chapter 619
Given Lucian‘s background and stature, he never had the need to put up a front with anybody.
Still, he had learned how to control his emotions and facial expressions, having been in the corporate world for so long. Roxanne thought he was really feeling unwell when she saw him frowning.
Lucian raised his brows slightly and casually placed one of his hands on his stomach.
Roxanne continued sizing him up for a long while. / stayed with him sir years ago, and | never knew he had gastritis. That being said, | don't think he's just acting. Is he acting weird because he’s experiencing discomfort in his stomach? Otherwise, why would he suddenly change the venue and decide to have a meal instead? Yes, that might be it.
Roxanne dispelled her suspicions and agreed to the suggestion through gritted teeth. “I've failed to consider your situation, Mr. Farwell. Since you're not feeling well, you should decide what to eat.”
Lucian relaxed the hand he had on his stomach and flashed a subtle grin.
“I've already made a reservation at a restaurant. Hop in.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne couldn't help but frown and question her own initial judgment. Lucian didn't give her much time to respond. He spun around and opened the car door for her. He was holding that bouquet of roses and waiting for her at the car door.
Roxanne froze when she saw that. Subconsciously, she turned to check her surroundings.
Lucian was standing straight next to his luxurious car and holding a bouquet of roses. A scene like that could easily lead to misunderstandings.
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief when she saw no one nearby. She then shifted her gaze back to Lucian and smiled. “You can lead the way, Mr. Farwell. I'll drive myself.”
With an arched brow, Lucian uttered, “Ms. Jarvis, if you don't hop in, someone from the research institute is going to see us when they come back. Don't blame me if they misunderstand us.”
In other words, he would keep standing there until Roxanne got into his car.
Roxanne pursed her lips in response. He's blackmailing me, yet | have no choice but to hop in. If someone really sees this, how am | supposed to explain myself?
To her surprise, Lucian shoved the bouquet back into her hands the moment she got into the car. Roxanne stiffened and glanced at Lucian. What is he up to?
“Please hold on to it, Ms. Jarvis. | don't want the bouquet to stain the seats,” Lucian said casually, then walked over to the driver's side and got into the car.
Roxanne held the bouquet in her arms throughout the journey to the restaurant. She was overwhelmed by mixed feelings. Lucian didn‘t know what to say either, so there was dead silence in the car.
Almost half an hour later, the car slowly came to a halt outside a restaurant.
Lucian opened the door and got out of the car. Only then did Roxanne snap out of her daze.
She was about to reach out to open the door when it opened from the outside. Lucian had a calm expression on when he opened the door for her as if that was the most natural thing to do.
That unequivocally took Roxanne by surprise. Why is he acting so strange today? At that moment, she did not know if she should get out of the car.
0
car
There were servers waiting at the entrance. They were waiting for Roxanne to get out of the car so that they could lead them into the restaurant.
Seeing that there were people waiting, Roxanne endured the awkwardness and alighted from the car. 
###Chapter 620
Chapter 620
After getting out of the car, Roxanne wanted to return the bouquet to Lucian, but the man had already turned and walked into the restaurant.
Seeing that, Roxanne had no choice but to hold on to the bouquet.
Just like that, they walked into the restaurant one after another.
Quickly, the server led them to the table Lucian had reserved.
For some reason, Roxanne felt weird about the situation.
Alot of the patrons were sneaking glances at them because of their looks and temperament.
Aware of the crowd's attention, Roxanne scanned the surroundings in puzzlement.
Seconds later, she finally realized what was so weird about the situation. We look like a couple, and we look out of place!
She was irked when she heard the server saying, “This is the most popular couple set meal in our restaurant. Would you like to try it out?”
Lucian didn't correct the server. Instead, he agreed to have the set meal and went on to order some side dishes.
Upon hearing the conversation between Lucian and the server, Roxanne suddenly came to her senses. With a frown, she looked at Lucian before turning toward the server and explained, “There seems to be a misunderstanding. I'm not his—”
Before she could finish her sentence, the server looked at her enviously and said, “Miss, those flowers are beautiful. You're so blessed!”
Roxanne was stunned. When she wanted to continue explaining the situation, the server had already walked away.
The other diners were still looking at her.
Roxanne felt rather uncomfortable with the crowd's inquisitive gazes.
She couldn't help but ask, “Why did you pick this restaurant?”
Lucian gave a small smile and answered, “I was craving the dishes here.”
Roxanne frowned when she heard that. She wanted to question him further, but the server was already serving the dishes. Left without a choice, Roxanne fell silent. A troubled looked appeared in her eyes when she saw the set meal for couples. Lucian, who was seated across from her, saw the look in her eyes.
His expression turned gloomy when he saw how troubled she looked. Hence, he kept mum and started eating
Roxanne was concerned about his gastritis, so she didn‘t say a word when she saw how focused he was when he ate. Awhile later, she saw that Lucian was almost done with his food, so she said, “Mr. Farwell, it's getting late. | think we should get right into business.”
Lucian paused and knitted his brows. “What do you want to say?”
4
“Please stop sending me flowers. | don't like them, and | don't think it's appropriate.” Roxanne lowered her gaze to hide her emotions.
Lucian stared at her and asked, “Then what do you like if you don't like flowers?”
Roxanne was stunned. She quickly regained her composure and cast him a confused glance. Lucian is a smart person, so | bet he knows what | meant. Why did he ask me that anyway? What exactly is he up to?
Roxanne didn't dare to think too much about it. She clenched her fists to keep her cool. “That's not your concern, Mr. Farwell. We're not that close. Please mind your actions and don't put me in a tough spot.”
Lucian‘s gaze darkened when he heard how determined she was when she rejected him.
Roxanne pursed her lips and looked at him, hoping to get the answers she wanted. 
###Chapter 621
Chapter 621
After a while, Lucian asked in a deep voice, “I'm not married, and neither are you. How am | putting you in a tough spot, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne could barely keep her emotion in check when she heard that. She furrowed her brows and said, “If | remember correctly, it was you, Mr. Farwell, who reminded me often to keep the kids in mind.”
Lucian seemed unfazed. “I was just reminding you to stay away from those weird men.”
Roxanne could not wrap her head around the man’s behavior. “Who do you think you are to me, Mr. Farwell? What makes you think you can interfere with my private life?”
Lucian scrunched up his face. In the next second, he uttered bluntly, “I'm telling you as someone who's trying to court you. Is that enough?” Roxanne was taken aback. She thought her ears were playing tricks on him. “What did you say?”
Lucian knitted his brows. Since he had already revealed so much, he didn't mind telling her more. “You heard me right, Ms. Jarvis. | like you, and | want to pursue you.”
Roxanne was still confused when she heard him repeating himself. After keeping silent for almost a minute, she shook her head in amusement.
She had heard him clearly, but she found Lucian‘s words ironic. “Mr. Farwell, don‘t you remember what happened six years ago? Don't you think it's a bit too late for that?”
Lucian, with a darkened gaze, recalled what had happened when they were at the resort. His heart sank when he remembered how Roxanne looked when she was drunk. “I remember, and | regret it, okay?”
Roxanne stared at him for a few seconds. She was getting moved by how serious he looked. However, she quickly recomposed herself and asked in a cold tone, “What about Ms. Pearson? Is the marriage contract of six years between both of you just a lie, Mr. Farwell?”
Regardless of six years ago or the present, Aubree was still a barrier between the both of them.
Lucian‘s expression turned solemn when he was reminded of Aubree. “I don't care if you believe me or not, but | never wanted to marry her. There are still some private matters | need to settle with her. Just give me some time and | promise I'll give you an explanation you'll be satisfied with.”
Roxanne’‘s mind went blank when she heard that. Sir years ago, Lucian was so keen on being with her. Now, she sounds like a problem to him.
Roxanne didn't know if he was telling the truth, but either way, she felt like a joke when she recalled what she had gone through six years ago.
At that moment, events from six years ago flashed across her mind like a slideshow.
She found the situation more and more ironic.
After a long while, she asked calmly, “Are you doing this because Essie doesn't like Ms. Pearson?”
Lucian frowned and looked at her confusion
“| know you love Essie deeply, Mr. Farwell. But | didn't expect you to make such an enormous sacrifice just so that Essie could have a mother she likes. I'm surprised you would offer someone the status of being your wife.” Roxanne raised her head and looked at him calmly. “You don't have to beat around the bush and say anything that violates your will, Mr. Farwell. You've already made yourself clear last time on the phone. You only choose me because Essie likes me.”
Although it sounded as though she was trying to tell Lucian oil, Roxanne was actually trying to convince herself to stay away from him.
Lucian‘s gaze turned even more solemn as he stared at her. 
###Chapter 622
Chapter 622
“Yes, | like Essie a lot, but that doesn't mean I'm willing to marry you.” Without giving Lucian a chance to answer her, she added, “What happened six years ago is still fresh in my mind. | don't wish to make the same mistakes. You shouldn't trouble yourself anymore, Mr. Farwell.”
Roxanne sounded anxious as she spoke. She could sense Lucian‘s intense gaze on her. Fortunately for her, she managed to say whatever she wanted to say.
Lucian stared at her for a long time, and he thought of explaining himself. However, he changed his mind when he heard Roxanne’s last sentence. / did her wrong six years ago, and I've hurt her. | can't blame her for not trusting me. No matter what | say, | doubt she'll listen to me now. In fact, she might even think I‘m making excuses for myself.
At that thought, Lucian said, “I was wrong for using Essie as an excuse. Regarding my feelings for you, | think you'll see my sincerity in due time.”
Roxanne had never seen this side of Lucian, so she didn‘t know how to react at that moment.
Meanwhile, Lucian had already gestured for the server to bring him the bill.
When they left the restaurant, Roxanne was still in a daze.
“Miss, your flowers!” the server called out just as they reached the entrance and ran toward her with the bouquet. Roxanne snapped out of her daze and remembered that she had gone in with the bouquet in her arms.
When she turned around, she saw the server panting lightly. With the bouquet in her arms, the server looked at Roxanne enviously and said, “Don't forget about your flowers, Miss.”
Roxanne shifted her gaze toward the bouquet.
By then, the server had already reached out to pass her the bouquet.
Seeing that, Roxanne had no choice but to accept the flowers and thank the server.
The server beamed. “No worries. You guys look like a match made in heaven. | hope the both of you will stay together forever!” With that, the server waved her goodbye and rushed back into the restaurant.
Roxanne held the flowers and watched as the server left. Her mind had gone blank, and she had even forgotten to explain herself.
Standing not far away, Lucian had been paying attention to the interaction between the ladies. When he saw Roxanne‘s expression after the server left, his lips curled into a subtle smile, and his expression wasn’t as grim as before.
Roxanne stood unmoving for a while before she eventually turned around and walked toward him.
After they got into the car, Lucian revved up the engine and drove to the research institute.
None of them uttered a single word throughout the journey.
When they arrived at the entrance of the research institute, there was no one outside, as it was working hours. Roxanne got out of the car and wanted to leave the bouquet on the passenger seat.
As she was about to do that, Lucian said in a cold tone, “If you don't like the flowers, you can dump them.” Roxanne frowned at the man in the car.
With a straight face, Lucian added, “As | said before, | don‘t want the car to smell weird. Besides, it's bad enough you've sent the flowers back to my office, Ms. Jarvis. If you reject them in my face, it'll be too hurtful. If the flowers bother you so much, just dump them, Ms. Jarvis.”
Having said that, he leaned over to close the door without giving Roxanne time to react and drove away.
Roxanne stood frozen to the spot with the bouquet in her arms. Thinking about what Lucian had said to her, she glanced at the flowers, and a torn look descended upon her face. 
###Chapter 623
Chapter 623
Chapter 623 After mulling over it, Roxanne ended up bringing the bouquet back to her office. She didn't do that because she accepted Lucian‘s gestures; she just didn’t want the fresh flowers to go to waste.
That was why she had decided to send the flowers back to him prior to that. / wonder what Lucian did with the flowers | sent back to him. Did he throw them away as he told me to?
When she was lost in her thoughts, someone suddenly knocked on her door.
Roxanne came back to her senses and told the person to enter.
Seconds later, someone pushed the door open and walked in.
At the sight of the visitor, she asked in puzzlement, “What brings you here, Mr. Damaris?”
Jack smiled and answered, “I was in the area, and | heard you're here, so | decided to come and see how you are doing.” “Thank you for your concern, Mr. Damaris. I'm much better now.”
Jack nodded and entered the office. As he walked in, he sized up the surroundings.
Upon seeing that, Roxanne grew anxious, and she subconsciously glanced at the bouquet she had left on the couch. She had wanted to put them in a vase, but she had been distracted and left them on the couch.
She didn't expect Jack to show up unannounced.
Although she knew Jack wouldn't know who the flowers were from, she still felt embarrassed.
“Oh? What do you have here?” Jack’‘s gaze fell on the flowers, and he looked at Roxanne.
Roxanne was a bundle of nerves, but she tried her best to appear calm. “I received them this morning. | don‘t know who sent it. The deliveryman has most probably gotten the wrong address.”
Jack raised his brows slightly and sized her up when he heard that. What a lame excuse! Roxanne steeled herself and met his gaze, smiling faintly.
Jack chuckled when he saw how she looked. Instead of dwelling on the matter, he said, “They seem to be freshly picked. What a thoughtful sender!”
Roxanne forced a smile and changed the topic. “I suppose you're not just here to check on my injuries, Mr. Damaris. Is there something else you'd like to talk to me about?”
Jack sat opposite her and nodded. “You're right. There is.”
As an heir to a prominent family, Jack behaved exactly like one. Even when he was sitting down his back was straight, and he exuded an ascetic aura.
Seeing that Jack was willing the change the topic, Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief. She put on a serious expression and gestured for him to continue talking.
“Apart from your research institute, the Damaris family has also picked a few renowned doctors to take part in our collaboration. Would you like to meet them?”
Roxanne was more than happy because she could meet more prominent figures in the medical industry. “It would be my honor,” she answered unhesitatingly.
Jack smiled in response. “Good. I'll let you know once we've decided on the time and place.” Roxanne nodded. Jack then stood up to excuse himself after talking to her regarding the collaboration.
The reason he was there that day was to invite Roxanne. Since he had already done that, there was no other reason for him to stay.
As he left the office, he couldn't help but glance at the flowers again. / wonder who sent her those flowers.
Roxanne’s reaction moments before had definitely piqued his curiosity. 
###Chapter 624
Chapter 624
After Jack left, Roxanne got up to look for a vase for the roses. When she saw the roses, the emotions she had worked so hard to suppress came flooding back again.
With a slight frown, she went back to her desk with her mind in a mess. She then forced herself to focus on the information shown on the computer screen.
However, she couldn’t retain much information even after staring at the screen for a long time. When it was time to get off work, Roxanne went home right away as she didn’t need to work overtime.
At the office, she couldn’t keep her mind off the roses on her desk. The more she looked at them, the more messed up her mind was.
Upon arriving home and seeing that Lysa, Archie, and Benny weren't home yet, Roxanne decided to make dinner to clear her mind.
The moment she was done making dinner, the door to the mansion opened. Roxanne put the dishes on the dining table and looked at the door with a smile. “Darlings!”
Happiness shone in Archie’s and Benny’s eyes when they saw that she was home.. “Mommy!” Lysa was surprised as well. “Why are your home so early today, Ms. Jarvis?”
In the past, whenever Roxanne went to work, she would only reach home after the others. That day, however, not only did Roxannel get home earlier than them, but she had even made dinner.
Roxanne smiled nonchalantly and said, “I was free today, so | came back first.. Dinner is ready! Wash your hands and dig in while everything's still hot!”
“Okay!” Archie and Benny ran to the bathroom to wash their hands. After that, they ran back to the dining table and took their seats.
While eating, Archie and Benny thought about Roxanne’s injury. “Mommy, how’s your injury?” Roxanne smiled gently and answered, “I don’t feel pain anymore. Once the scab is gone, I'll be good as new.”
Archie and Benny nodded in relief. A few seconds later, the boys asked, “Mommy, since you got off work so early, why didn’t you go and fetch us?”
Roxanne was taken aback. Her mind was filled with what Lucian had told her at noon. Hence, she didn’t even think about fetching them.
Besides, she had been trying to avoid Lucian and Estella. However, she couldn't possibly tell the boys that.
After keeping mum for a few seconds, she came up with an excuse and said, “I haven't been to work in a long while, so | was rather drained after working for the whole day. That’s why | didn’t fetch you guys. You guys don’t blame me, right?”
Archie and Benny immediately shook their heads. “It’s all right, Mommy. You should come home and rest if you're tired.”
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief and smiled at them. Awhile later, the boys cast her a cautious glance and asked, “Mommy, could you send us tomorrow morning, then?”
It had been a long while since Roxanne had picked up or dropped off the boys. Hence, they were slightly saddened when. they saw everyone else getting picked up and dropped off by their parents.
Roxanne had thought that it was because of Estella that they asked that question. After seeing their expressions, however, she knew it was something else. “Could you guys tell me why?”
Archie and Benny exchanged glances and uttered softly, “The other kids have their daddy and mommy to them up...”
The boys looked at Roxanne aggrievedly. Roxanne’s heart broke, and she felt a lump in her throat. | didn’t expect them to be so sensitive!
She composed herself and answered, “Okay. I'll send you guys tomorrow.”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 625
Chapter 625
Meanwhile, Lucian had wanted to go and fetch Estella after he got off work. However, Jonathan had called him and asked him out for a meal.
Lucian had wanted to turn him down, but Jonathan had been talking to him about Roxanne for the past couple of days. He might talk to me about her again tonight.
Join Telegram Group For Fast update and Novel Query With that in mind, Lucian said yes to him. After Lucian hung up the phone, he told Cayden to fetch Estella, while he went to meet Jonathan.
When he arrived, Jonathan was already waiting for him. Jonathan waved at him when he saw Lucian walking in..
Lucian saw him and walked toward him. The moment Lucian sat down, Jonathan asked, “How was it? You didn’t fight with Dr. Jarvis at noon, did you?”
Upon hearing that, Lucian couldn't help but recall how Roxanne had rejected him at noon that day, and his expression turned solemn.
Jonathan noticed the look on his face, so he asked, “Did it not go well?”
If Roxanne doesn’t fancy me at all, she wouldn't have reacted that way when she heard what the server said, would she? Lucian frowned. “The process wasn’t pleasant, but I’m not too sure about the ending.”
Indeed, Lucian actually thought there. was still hope for him when he saw her reaction. Jonathan was astonished. It seems that he’s satisfied with how it ended. What exactly happened at noon?
“Why do you say so?” Jonathan asked. Lucian glanced at him and gave him a summary of what had happened.
Jonathan was even more surprised whent he found out that Lucian had confessed his feelings to Roxanne despite having his flowers rejected by her. What was even more surprising was the fact that Roxanne had questioned Lucian’s sincerity instead of shutting him out entirely. Although he wasn’t there to witness the interaction, he thought Lucian might have a chance here and that he was getting better at pursuing women.
After listening to what Lucian had to say, Jonathan sighed and answered, “That’s good, then. | was worried you might drop the ball, so I’ve even come up with a backup plan. | think it could come in handy if you mess things up with Dr. Jarvis.”
After getting off the phone with Lucian that morning, Jonathan had taken the initiative to come up with a plan to back Lucian up in case things were to go south. Judging by how things went, | don’t think Lucian needs the backup plan anymore.
“Well, Dr. Jarvis’ attitude shows that there’s still hope! At times like this, you mustn’t give her the time to react!” Jonathan cheered Lucian on. Lucian furrowed his brows when he heard that. “I’m still thinking about what to do next.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Jonathan mysteriously whipped out something from his pocket. In response, Lucian cast him a confused look.
“Coincidentally, | got my hands on two concert tickets this morning.” Jonathan passed him the tickets. “Go to a concert together and improve your relationship with her.”
Lucian raised his brows when he saw those two VIP concert tickets. “Why, thank you!” Lucian uttered with a smile. “Well, I’ve already given you an idea. Now, it’s up to you to come up with a plan to ask Dr. Jarvis out.”
In fact, Lucian had yet to think about that. When he heard those words, he went quiet for a while before grunting in response.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 626
Chapter 626
Jonathan gave Lucian a few more ideas. and they both parted ways after realizing it was getting late. Lucian’s gaze darkened when he exited the restaurant and glanced at the tickets. Although he could tell that Roxanne was slightly moved, he still had his doubts.
She didn’t even accept my flowers. If | invite her to a concert, she'll surely reject me. What if | get Essie to ask her out? That might work. Roxanne has never said no to Essie.
Holding that thought, Lucian quickly drove back to the Farwell residence. When he got home, Estella had just finished her dinner, and she was scribbling away as she sprawled on the table. Catalina was sitting right beside her.
“Mr. Farwell,” Catalina greeted politely when she saw Lucian walking in. After that, she stood up and let him take the seat next to Estella.
Estella simply raised her head to glance at the entrance and greeted in her piping voice, “Daddy.”
Then she lowered her head to continue drawing. Ever since Roxanne got injured, Estellat had only visited her once. Hence, her mood was getting worse by the day.
She was rather moody that day because Archie and Benny had told her that Roxanne had recovered, and she had gone to the research institute.
Estella had thought that Roxanne would go to the kindergarten to fetch Archie and Benny. However, she was disappointed when she saw Lysa picking. them up.
“Ms. Estella has been rather moody ever since she got home,” Catalina said when.
Lucian was walking over to them. Lucian merely nodded and told Catalina that she could leave. In fact, he noticed how moody Estella was the moment he got home. Only Roxanne can make Essie so emotional.
Lucian quietly went up to Estella and sat next to her. He lowered his head to see Estella scribbling on a piece of paper. | seems that she doesn’t even know what she wants to draw! Otherwise, why would she keep rubbing off the drawing after drawing two lines?
Right then, Estella put down the pencil angrily and turned to Lucian. “Daddy!” “Yes?” Lucian met her eyes.
“Are you done with your work?” Estella asked with a straight face. Lucian had told her he would bring her to visit Roxanne once he was done with his work.
Lucian frowned and answered, “I am, but Before he could finish his sentence, Estella interrupted, “Bring me to see Ms. Jarvis, then!”
“Now is not the time.” Lucian patted her head. Estella pursed her lips in annoyance. “I haven’t seen Ms. Jarvis for so long!”
“Essie, do you want Ms. Jarvis to be your mommy?”
Estella was stunned when she heard that. When she regained her senses, her eyes lit up, and she asked, “Daddy, are you serious?”
Lucian nodded. “Have | ever lied to you?”
Estella tilted her head in puzzlement and thought about it for a bit. After that, she smiled and shook her head. Daddy has never lied to me! But....
Estella looked at Lucian in bafflement. and asked, “Are you not marrying Ms. Pearson, Daddy?”
Although Estella had never liked Aubree, she knew about the marriage contract. Lucian had with the latter. Besides, ever since she could remember things, she could remember Aubree putting on an act whenever Lucian was present.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 627
Chapter 627
When Lucian heard Estella mention Aubree, his gaze darkened. No wonder Roxanne still wouldn’t accept me! Even Essie knows. about the entanglement | have with Aubree. Surely, Roxanne is still bothered by it. No matter what, | must pick up my pace and get Mom to forget about Aubree.
Lucian pulled himself out of his reverie and asked in a deep voice, “Do you like Ms. Pearson?”
Estella shook her head vigorously. Why on. earth would | like that evil woman? She's only nice to me when Daddy is present. Whenever he wasn’t around, she would pinch my arms and spank me!
Lucian nodded and made a promise to Estella. “I won’t marry someone you don't like.”
Estella’s eyes lit up once again.
“But if you want Ms. Jarvis to be your mommy, I’m going to need your help, Essie.” Lucian shot Estella a meaningful look. Perplexed, Estella tilted her head. Daddy is already sa catable. Why does he need my help?
Seeing that Estella was confused, Lucian helplessly patted her head and explained, “There’s some misunderstanding between Ms. Jarvis and me. Essie, help me clear up the misunderstanding.. okay?”
Knowing that she could make Roxanne her mother, Estella agreed to his suggestion at once. “Okay!”
After that, Estella looked at Lucian in confusion. “But what do | need to do to help?”
Lucian wasn’t surprised by Estella’s willingness to help. He took out the concert tickets and put them on the table. Estella stared at the tickets curiously. “What are these?”
“Concert tickets. Help me give these to Archie and Benny, okay? Get them to pass the tickets to Ms. Jarvis so that we can go to the concert together.
Since those were VIP tickets, they could bring their kids along, Estella was still baffled. “Why are we going to a concert?”
Lucian was amused by Estella’s innocence. He pinched her nose playfully and said, “You're still little, so you wouldn’t know. Just do as | say, okay? Trust me. I'll marry Ms. Jarvis and make her your mommy.”
Estella nodded obediently when she heard that. “Okay! I'll definitely do as you say, Daddy!”
Although Estella didn’t know what Lucian was up to, she knew she could trust him. If Daddy says this will work, I'll listen to him! | want Ms. Jarvis to be my mommy! That way, | can see her, Archie, and Benny every day!
Lucian patted her head and put the tickets into her school bag. “It’s getting late. Go to bed, okay?”
Having been told of the possibility of having Roxanne as her mother, Estella brightened up. She picked up her pencil happily and said, “I'll go to bed later!”
With that, she sprawled on the table and started drawing again. Lucian raised his brows and sat next to her quietly. What is she going to draw now?
Estella drew two adults holding hands, and there were three kids standing next to them. At a glance, one could definitely tell who the people in the drawing were.
“That’s you, Daddy! Then, there’s me, Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny!” Estella held up the drawing proudly. “We're a family!”
Right then, Lucian couldn’t help but recall that Estella had drawn something similar before. That time, | wasn’t holding Roxanne’s hand in the drawing. This time, we’ve indeed become a family. Lucian’s lips curled into a smile when he noticed the difference in the drawings.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 628
Chapter 628
Early the following day, after freshening herself up, Roxanne got out of the bedroom and saw Archie and Benny waiting at the door.
“Mommy!” The boys’ eyes lit up in excitement. They were in anticipation of Roxanne sending them to school, as it had been a while since she last did so.
Thinking about Archie and Benny’s conversation last night, Roxanne felt her heart soften. She lowered her gaze and patted their heads. “Hurry and head downstairs for breakfast. I'll send you boys to school later.”
The two nodded their heads vigorously. During breakfast, the boys were especially obedient. When they finished breakfast, Roxanne changed into another outfit and sent the boys to kindergarten.
Arriving outside the kindergarten, Roxanne spotted many children with their parents at one glance. There are indeed many parents who send their kids to school.
She recalled that she had asked the boys to follow Lysa because she had wanted to avoid Lucian some time ago. Archie and Benny must've been upset then. With that thought in mind, Roxanne looked apologetic.
“Ms. Jarvis.” Pippa exchanged some pleasantries with Roxanne upon seeing her send the boys to school. “It’s been a long time. | heard from Archie and Benny that you hurt your foot. How is it now?”
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen Roxanne put on a smile. “Thank you for your concern, Ms. Ward. I’m almost completely healed.”
While the two women were engrossed in the conversation, Archie and Benny held Roxanne’s hand tightly as they glanced around their surroundings in search of Estella.
Essie was looking forward to seeing Mommy come to fetch us yesterday. If Essie gets to see Mommy today, she'll surely be overjoyed.
Nonetheless, there was still no sign of her after they searched high and low for a long time.
At that moment, Roxanne noticed the boys’ actions. Realization dawned on her that she might run into Lucian and Estella if she stayed any longer.
It's fine meeting Essie. But how am | supposed to face Lucian after yesterday’s matter?
That made her want to stop talking and leave the venue immediately. But before she managed to say anything, she felt Archie and Benny tighten their grip on her hands. Roxanne’s heart leaped to her throat, and she almost couldn't bring herself to turn her head around..
“Ms. Jarvis!” Not too far away, Lucian’s car had stealthily stopped by the roadside.
The moment the car door opened, Estella hastily jumped out from the passenger seat and ran toward Roxanne without carrying her bag.
Archie and Benny tugged Roxanne’s hands and exclaimed, “Mommy! Essie is here!”
Hearing the boys’ voices, Roxanne, unable to act unconcerned about the situation any longer, whipped her head around and looked toward Estella.
Coming into her vision was the young girl with excitement written all across her face. Behind, Lucian, with a small school bag in his hand, was strolling over while staring at Roxanne inquisitively.
When the two pairs of eyes met, Roxanne blinked and retracted her gaze hastily.
At this point, Estella had already run up to her and hugged her leg tight. “Ms. Jarvis, your feet...” A look of worry washed over the young girl’s face.
Nonetheless, Roxanne’s attention was on Lucian, as she could sense that the man was looking at her even from a distance away.
Truthfully, she was slightly distracted that even the smile on her face looked forced when Estella showered her with concern. “I’m feeling much better now. You don’t have to worry, Essic.”
Despite so, the young girl’s gaze remained fixated on Roxanne’s feet. Knowing that Estella was worried about her, Roxanne tried to squeeze out a smile and turn one round in a relaxed manner. “Look, Essie. | don’t feel any pain at all.”
Only then did the young girl feel at ease and lift her head to flash Roxanne a sweet smile.
###Chapter 629
Chapter 629
At that moment, Lucian approached the group and looked at them quietly. When Archie and Benny saw his arrival, they shared a look and greeted him after some hesitation. “Good morning, Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian cocked his brows and reached out to pat the boys’ heads. Roxanne had wanted to ignore Lucian’s presence. But hearing Archie and Benny greet him, she figured it would be an unsightly behavior to continue to pretend not to see him when Pippa was around.
With that in mind, Roxanne looked at the man and uttered placidly, “Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian turned his head and made eye contact with her. “What a surprise to see you sending Archie and Benny today when you've just recovered, Ms. Jarvis.”
| thought she’d hide from me again after the incident yesterday. That’s why | got Essie to hand the tickets to Archie and Benny and, in turn, help pass them to her afterward. What a surprise to meet her again that soon, huh?
An odd look crept up Roxanne’s face when she sensed the underlying meaning in the man’s words. Nevertheless, she tried to stay composed and forced a smile on her face.
“Ms. Jarvis!” Estella suddenly tugged at her shirt sleeve. Perplexed, Roxanne lowered her head to: look at the young girl. “Ms. Jarvis, let's go to a concert together!” Estella invited warmly with an innocent look.
She had entirely thrown the matter to the back of her head, as she was too thrilled to see Roxanne sending Archie and Benny to school just now.
It was only after seeing Lucian did she remember her task at hand. Initially, she was supposed to pass the tickets to Archie and Benny according to Lucian’s plan. However, she was eager to find out about Roxanne’s answer since the latter was right before her.
In contrast to the excited young girl, Roxanne was briefly astounded when she heard those words. Instinctively, she shot a glance at the man before her.
Aconcert? That can’t possibly be Essie’s suggestion. I’m sure she must be acting under Lucian’s order. Throughout the conversation, Lucian had never shifted his eyes away from Roxanne.
When met with her gaze, the man calmly explained, “I happened to get two tickets yesterday. We can bring the kids along ast well. | wonder if you're interested in it, Ms. Jarvis?”
It was just as she had expected.
Though her mind was in a whirl, she turned down that invitation readily. “I'm sorry, but I’m afraid | don’t have time for that.” Then she looked at Estella apologetically. “Essie, if you want to watch it, you can go with your daddy.”
Not expecting Roxanne to reject her so outrightly, the young girl turned to look at Lucian for help. However, the man stared at her and gestured that there was nothing he could do either and for her to try her best.
Pouting, Estella shifted her gaze back to Roxanne and continued to tug her sleeve pitifully. “l want to watch it with you, Ms. Jarvis.”
As much as Roxanne could not bring herself to see the young girl's pitiful appearance, she did not want to get involved and led by Lucian again. Regarding those words Lucian had said to her yesterday, she was, in fact, still in puzzlement and disbelief. Yet, even before she
had enough time to gather her wits, he was asking her out to a concert.
Deep down, Roxanne feared that she would grow more attached to the relationship. “Ms. Jarvis, if you aren’t going, then | won't be going too.” Estella lowered her head in disappointment.
Looking from above, Roxanne could only see the young girl’s fluffy hair and trembling shoulders.
It was apparent she was silently sobbing with her head lowered.
Roxanne felt her heart ache terribly at that sight. She shot Lucian a look, hoping that he would say something. Unexpectedly, he stood still, seemingly with no intention of speaking.
Left with no choice, Roxanne could only agree to Estella’s invitation. “Don’t cry,
Essie. I'll go with you, all right?”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 630
Chapter 630
As soon as Estella heard that, she lifted her hands aggrievedly to wipe off the tears on her face before raising her head with a smile.
Roxanne was shocked to find that the young girl had really burst into tears. “I’m sorry for making you sad.” She bent down and caressed the girl’s cheeks.
Shaking her head earnestly, Estella then ran up to Lucian, pulled out the tickets from her school bag, and passed them to Roxanne.
The woman, despite feeling conflicted, eventually accepted the tickets. Before she could utter a word, Estella’s voice rang out again.
“Goodbye, Ms. Jarvis!” The young girl was afraid that Roxanne would change her mind, and thus she quickly waved goodbye and headed into the kindergarten after passing her the tickets. “See you at the concert!”
In response, Roxanne swallowed her words back down and gave Estella a slight nod.
With that, the three children held hands and entered the kindergarten together. leaving Roxanne and Lucian alone at the entrance.
As she lowered her eyes to look at the tickets in her grip, she could vividly feel the man’s intense yet indiscernible gaze directed toward her from behind. A turmoil of emotions surged within her almost instantaneously.
Agreeing to watch the concert with Essie means I'll have to spend time with Lucian again.
Had it been the old Roxanne, she might have been able to persuade herself that she would only have to spend a little time with him.
But frankly, she was a little scared after yesterday’s incident. After all, she had no idea what Lucian would do or say at the concert.
“Ms. Jarvis.” While she was lost in her thoughts, Lucian’s voice sounded from behind her.
Lucian raised his brows meaningfully as he uttered, “Thank you for accepting the invitation. I’ll pick you guys up on the day of the concert.”
A frown formed between Roxanne’s brows as she replied without hesitation, “Don’t bother. I'll bring Archie and Benny to the venue by myself. | shan’t trouble you, Mr. Farwell.”
She figured the outsiders would view them as a family again if she accepted Lucian’s suggestion to pick them up.
She did not want others to have such misunderstandings again. She stared at the man in front of her, her nerves stretching tautly. She had even thought about how she would reject him. if he continued to insist.
Little did she expect that Lucian would be indifferent to her answer. “That's fine too. We'll see you guys at the entrance, then.” Then he turned and left without waiting for Roxanne to respond..
At that moment, Roxanne thought she saw a hint of smugness on his face, and she wondered if it was merely a figment. of her imagination.
It was until Lucian’s car vanished within her line of sight that she snapped back to reality.
He must've planned everything so that | won't have any chance to reject him! | was still hesitating if | should go for the date, but his words swayed my attention to how I’m going to head over to the venue. In other words, I’ve made a silent acquiescence to attending the concert with him.
That thought made Roxanne feel overwhelmed by frustration.. Meanwhile, Lucian sped through the roads toward the office..
Throughout that, Roxanne’s expression from earlier flashed through his mind every so often. At the thought of how she was led by him earlier, the man wore a faint smile on his face.
It's the first time I’ve played such a trick on someone. | can’t believe she actually fell for it so easily. Lucian began to look forward to the date.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 631
Chapter 631
Roxanne stood outside the kindergarten for some time before she could recover from her trance. Putting away the tickets. she got into her car and headed back to the research institute.
Just as she arrived at the office, Jack gave her a call. “The date has been decided; it's tonight. Is that fine with you?”
Hearing those words, Roxanne, whose mind was still in a mess, was slightly taken aback. It took her some time before she recalled what Jack had said when he had come over yesterday.
We're probably going to meet those doctors we’re collaborating with tonight. On the other end, after not getting an answer from her, Jack urged, “Ms. Jarvis? Is anything the matter? Is that not an appropriate timing?”
Only then did Roxanne snap out of her thoughts. “It’s nothing. I’m free. I'll arrive on time tonight.”
Though Jack found her reaction a little strange, he did not probe further since they were holding the conversation over the phone. He merely left her some reminders before concluding the call.
Because of the incident that morning, Roxanne seemed to be absent-minded for the rest of the day.
Later that afternoon, Roxanne ended work about thirty minutes earlier since she had the banquet to attend that night. Out of respect for the doctors, she wanted to return home to freshen herself up.
Just as she was ready to leave her house since it was about time, she received a call from Larry. “Where are you?” Larry’s voice sounded. the second the call connected.
Roxanne was baffled. “At home. What is it?”
Larry chuckled. “I'll go and pick you up.”
Comprehension dawned on Roxanne after she heard his words. Larry is probably also one of the doctors we'll be working with this time.
Recognizing that possibility, she pulled a smile and turned him down. “No need. I'll head over myself. See you at the banquet later.”
“Are you sure? | heard from Mr. Damaris that you hurt your foot.”
Jack had casually mentioned it to him while they were discussing collaboration matters two days ago. Larry had intended to visit Roxanne, but he had not been able to make time for it.
Learning that she would be attending the banquet that night as well. Larry thus proposed to pick her up, as he was afraid. it would be inconvenient for her to move around with her injury. “I’ve recovered. You don’t have to worry, Larry”
Hearing her response, Larry did not insist any further and agreed to it.
By the time the call ended, it was almost time. Roxanne headed downstairs and drove toward the banquet venue. Larry and Jack were chatting away at the entrance of the venue after their arrival.
When they saw Roxanne’s appearance, they immediately halted their conversation and approached her with at warm smile. “Hello, Larry. Hello, Mr. Damaris,” greeted Roxanne with a smile. Jack nodded gently as a form of acknowledgement.
On the other hand, Larry began a brief chat with her possibly because he had not met her for some time. “I heard you hurt your foot. | wanted to visit you, but | couldn’t find the time to do so.”
Unbothered by that, Roxanne smiled as she replied, “It’s only a small injury. Besides, I’ve recovered now. I'll feel bad if my injury impedes your work.”
The two looked at each other and smiled. Standing at one side, Jack called out to them after seeing guests arriving one after the other. “Let's head inside first.
Everyone's almost here.”
The two agreed and followed Jack into the banquet hall. As soon as the three stepped inside, everyone in the hall instantly directed their gazes toward them.
There were two reasons for the crowd’s behavior-one was that Jack was the official host, and two was the stark contrast between Roxanne and Larry’s
age as compared to the rest of the attendees.
As much as they had outstanding visuals and demeanor, what truly mattered in the traditional medical community was usually one’s experience and qualifications. In any case, their attendance at the banquet was just simply jarring and odd.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 632
Chapter 632
Not many doctors were here at the event this time, but there were still slightly above a dozen. With one glance, Roxanne could recognize a few of them who had also attended the previous medical consultation with her.
She hadn’t met the others yet, but given that the Damaris family acknowledged them enough to work with them, they were certainly not to be trifled with.
Thus, Roxanne smiled at the group politely to express her goodwill. “Who are these two, Mr. Damaris?”
someone suddenly asked, standing up..
“Will they also be working with us this time?”
There was a hint of doubt in that person's voice. Although Roxanne had long grown accustomed to such skepticism, she still couldn’t help but tense up immediately upon hearing that.
They were now on Jack’s turf, and she was worried about her credentials causing him unnecessary trouble. What if people lose their trust in the Damaris family because of us?
At the thought of this, the woman’s expression became increasingly meek.
Yet, Jack turned to the person posing the question and said, “This is Dr. Jarvis, and this is Dr. Morrison. They'll be working with us too, so | hope you can all get along with each other.”
Hearing that, the crowd gasped and stared at both Roxanne and Larry dubiously, especially with regard to the woman. Noticing those looks of uncertainty, Jack turned to Roxanne and Larry, using his eyes to ask if he needed to explain on their behalf.
The two merely smiled and shook their heads.
Given that the other doctors were more senior, it was only normal for them to question those who were less experienced or well- known. A few words certainly weren’t going to change their opinions.
With that, Jack simply explained to the two, “These are the doctors who were involved in the last medical consultation with the Damaris family. Some of them took part in consultations in other regions, so you may not have met them yet.”
Roxanne and Larry nodded. “Well, now that everyone’s here, let’s all have a seat and begin our discussion,” Jack announced, turning to the other doctors.
The group readily agreed. Despite his young age, Jack sat at the head of the table, whereas the other doctors were to be seated next to him in the order of their qualifications.
Roxanne and Larry walked to the seats across from Jack.
“Dr. Jarvis and Dr. Morrison, you guys sit over here,” Jack suddenly called out to them when they were just about to take their seats.
The crowd was instantly taken aback. Roxanne was about to turn Jack down, only to see the doctor next to him having already given up his own seat for her.
Upon taking a closer look, she realized it was Daniel Hopp, a doctor who had taken part in the previous medical consultation with her and Larry.
Perhaps the other doctors weren’t aware, but Daniel now knew how well-versed the two were in the field of medicine, and so he accepted that they were indeed worthy of sitting next to Jack.
The remaining group members were visibly perplexed, but seeing a doctor of such a high caliber as Daniel give up his seat, they could only make room for the two young practitioners...
Roxanne and Larry exchanged glances. Realizing that they would only look ungrateful by rejecting Jack's offer, they walked toward him and sat to his left and right respectively under everyone’s gazes.
“I've looked into the acupuncture treatment you performed during the previous consultation, but there are some things about it that | still don’t understand. Would you be so kind as to spare me some time to talk about it after this banquet?”
Daniel spoke softly, but everyone at the table could hear him.
They were struck with awe when they heard him ask Roxanne for guidance.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 633
Chapter 633 Expect Nothing In Return
Of course, Roxanne had clearly heard Daniel's question too, and she couldn't help but freeze momentarily before glancing at the other doctors seated around her. As expected, everyone was staring at her in shock and bewilderment.
Taking a deep breath, Roxanne composed herself and smiled at Daniel. “I'd be happy to discuss the treatment with you, Dr. Hopp. Your experience and insights would be invaluable.”
Daniel nodded appreciatively, a hint of a smile playing on his lips. “Thank you, Dr. Jarvis. I look forward to it.”
The tension in the room began to dissipate as the other doctors realized that Daniel's endorsement of Roxanne was genuine. Slowly, the discussions resumed, and the atmosphere grew more collaborative.
Jack led the conversation, focusing on the upcoming medical consultation and the specific cases they would be handling. He emphasized the importance of teamwork and innovation, encouraging everyone to share their ideas and expertise.
Throughout the meeting, Roxanne remained attentive, contributing her thoughts when appropriate and listening intently to the others. She felt a growing sense of confidence, bolstered by the support she had received from Jack and Daniel.
As the meeting drew to a close, Jack stood up and addressed the group. “Thank you all for your contributions today. I believe we have a solid plan in place for the upcoming consultation. Let's work together to ensure its success.”
The doctors nodded in agreement, and the room buzzed with a renewed sense of purpose. As they began to file out, Daniel approached Roxanne.
“Dr. Jarvis, shall we discuss the acupuncture treatment now?” he asked.
Roxanne smiled and nodded. “Of course, Dr. Hopp. Let's find a quiet spot.”
They moved to a corner of the room, away from the others. Daniel looked at her with genuine curiosity. “I was particularly intrigued by the combination of techniques you used. It was a unique approach that I haven't seen before.”
Roxanne explained her methodology, detailing the reasoning behind each step and the results she had observed. Daniel listened intently, occasionally nodding in agreement or asking clarifying questions.
“I must say, your approach is both innovative and effective,” Daniel remarked. “It's clear that you have a deep understanding of acupuncture and its potential.”
“Thank you, Dr. Hopp,” Roxanne replied, feeling a sense of pride. “I believe that combining traditional methods with modern insights can yield remarkable results.”
Daniel smiled. “I couldn't agree more. It's refreshing to see someone so passionate and dedicated to advancing our field. I look forward to working with you.”
As they continued their discussion, Roxanne felt a sense of camaraderie growing between them. It was a stark contrast to the skepticism she had initially faced, and she was grateful for Daniel's openness and support.
Meanwhile, Larry had been observing their interaction from a distance. He approached them with a smile. “It seems like you two are getting along well.”
Daniel nodded. “Dr. Jarvis has a remarkable understanding of acupuncture. I'm looking forward to learning more from her.”
Larry grinned. “She's one of the best. We're lucky to have her on our team.”
Roxanne blushed slightly at the compliment but felt a deep sense of gratitude for the support from both Larry and Daniel. It was a validation of her hard work and dedication.
As the day came to an end, Roxanne felt a renewed sense of purpose and determination. She was ready to face any challenges that lay ahead, knowing that she had the support of her colleagues and the confidence in her abilities.
Later that evening, as she reflected on the day's events, Roxanne realized how much she had grown since her initial doubts and fears. She had found her place among her peers and earned their respect through her skills and dedication.
And for the first time in a long while, Roxanne felt truly at peace with herself and her journey. She knew that there would be more challenges ahead, but she was ready to face them with courage and determination, expecting nothing in return but the satisfaction of making a difference in the lives of her patients.
###Chapter 634
Chapter 634
Chapter 634 The atmosphere of the banquet reached an all-time high thanks to Jack’s speech, and all the attention was now on him.
Even those who hadn't joined him and the other doctors previously had long heard rumors about how exceptional he was in both wisdom and elegance. There were some among the crowd who were initially unconvinced given how much younger Jack was compared to them, but they had still chosen to show up since he was a member of the Damaris family.
Yet, they now finally began to let go of their preconceived judgments after hearing what he had to say. They also felt increasingly assured about the two young doctors sitting next to him.
He doesn’t look like the kind who'll let them sit next to him just because he’s close to them. “On another note, | apologize for my oversight. Allow me to re-introduce these two seated next to me.”
Jack’s voice rang out again in the midst of the audience’s puzzlement. Everyone’s gazes then fell on Roxanne and Larry once more.
The two of them eyed Jack instead, unsure of what he was about to say. The latter flashed them a smile before turning to the audience.
“All of you seated here are basically taking part in the project initiated by my family’s research institute. This lady next to me is Roxanne Jarvis. Dr. Jarvis is an exemplary student of Professor Harvey Lambert. She came back to Chanaea under his advice to manage VR Research Institute, and she’ll also be one of the few working with the Damaris family this time around.”
Then, Jack began to introduce Larry.
“I'm sure you've all heard of Dr. Larry Morrison. Not only is he the heir of the Morrison family, but he’s also made great accomplishments in the field of medicine. and is known for this internationally. With his participation, we'll be receiving financial support from the Morrison family too.”
As soon as Jack’s words fell, all the doubt in the crowd’s eyes vanished and was now. replaced with astonishment and veneration. While not many people had heard of Roxanne, Harvey was considered at legend.
The fact that he had asked this student of his to manage a research institute on her own showed how highly he regarded her. That was also a testament to her abilities.
As for Larry, most members of the audience had heard of him but had never had the chance to see him in person.
No one had expected two youngsters who looked like they came from distinguished backgrounds to possess such capabilities. It's no wonder even Dr. Hopp asked for her advice!
Yet, Roxanne and Larry had no intention of showing off, and they remained humble in the face of all these elders.
When Jack was done introducing them. the two stood up and addressed the crowd, “I hope we can all get along, and please feel free to correct us if we make any mistakes.”
The other doctors sighed in amazement at their modesty.
“| had the privilege of working with them during the previous consultation, and | dare say that the future of medicine in Chanaea sure looks promising with people like them around!”
As the person who had spent the longest time with Roxanne and Larry, Daniel couldn't help but rise and speak up for them in admiration.
The crowd nodded in agreement.
“Dr. Jarvis, Dr. Morrison, please excuse my rudeness from before. | hope you won’t take it to heart,” someone apologized. The two youngsters beamed. “Not at all! We're young, so it’s only natural that you have your doubts.”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 635
Chapter 635
More people began to express their amity toward Roxanne and Larry. It wasn’t long before the ambiance of the room grew harmonious and relaxed.
Jack waited a while longer, and after seeing Roxanne and Larry return to their seats, he began to introduce the other doctors. Every figure here had some achievements in the medical field, so a mere mention of his or her was more than sufficient. Soon, everyone felt nothing but respect for one another, not to mention the anticipation of their upcoming collaboration..
Now that official talks were out of the way, the audience moved to light-hearted) topics, striking up conversations with those they were well-acquainted with.
Despite not being a fan of socializing, Jack took the lead and headed to the middle of the crowd with a wine glass in hand.
Roxanne and Larry clinked glasses with all the elders there before returning to their seats. “It looks like the collaboration will go well,” Larry commented, grinning.
Roxanne nodded in response and shot a glance at Jack, who was among the crowd. The man deserved all the credit for creating such a lovely atmosphere.
| thought he was just a good doctor. | didn’t think he’d make such a capable leader too. Then again, it’s no surprise. If the future heir of the great Damaris family can’t even control a crowd like this, there’s no way Old Mr. Damaris would ever approve of him.
Just as everyone chatted away happily, the door to the banquet hall suddenly flew open. The crowd instinctively looked toward the entrance, only to watch a group of young, aristocratic women make their way in.
The one in the lead wore a long, pure white off-shoulder fishtail dress. At a quick glance, one wouldn't be able to tell if she was a real classy lady or just trying to be one.
“Jack! What a coincidence!” the woman greeted coyly, striding over to Jack. “Indeed, Jessica,” Jack replied with a polite smile.
The Damaris family shared good relations with the Hightowers. Jessica Hightower, the eldest daughter of her family, was two years older than Jack. The two had been getting along fairly well in recent years.
Even so, Jack was slightly displeased to see her barge in like this with her clique.
This was a banquet for the Damaris family’s future allies, after all. It was also an event held for official business. Hence, Jessica’s arrival was rather untimely.
Despite that, the man kept these thoughts to himself. “This is?” someone asked in confusion.
Jack composed himself and introduced the woman nonchalantly, “This is Jessica Hightower. She’s the heiress of the Hightower family.”
With a grin, Jessica waved at the audience. “I just so happen to be having a party with my girls next door and heard that Jack was here, so | thought I’d drop by to say hi. | hope I’m not being a bother!”
Seeing that she knew Jack and learning from their prior experience with Roxanne and Larry, the crowd broke into a wide smile, not daring to mistreat this woman.
Suddenly, someone nudged Jessica, signaling her to look in Roxanne’s direction. Jessica's face clouded over instantly. What is such a pretty girl like her doing here? And it looks like she’s sitting right next to Jack too!
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 636
Chapter 636
Chapter 636 “If you're fine with it, can we join you?” Jessica slowly looked away from Roxanne and smiled at the others.
Upon hearing that, the people shared a look with each other. They were already done talking about the main topic, and the woman was close to Jack, so they could not possibly reject her.
The people nodded at Jack to gesture to him that they did not mind. Seeing that, Jack had no choice but to agree to it. “Join us, then.”
He then asked the server to add another seat.
Jessica headed straight for the space that Jack had made. Then, as if finally seeing Roxanne, she glanced at Roxanne with a shocked expression before turning to look at Jack in confusion. “Is this lady with you?”
Jack nodded in affirmation. “This is Dr. Jarvis.”
Roxanne did not know what Jessica was thinking about; she thought Jessica was doubting her abilities like the other doctors, so she smiled and greeted, “You can just call me Dr. Jarvis.”
Jessica gave her a once-over. When she noticed Roxanne’s exceptional appearance and thought about how Roxanne was in the same industry as Jack, as well as how Jack was friendly with her, a hint of animosity flashed past Jessica’s eyes.
Still, she gave Roxanne a faint smile and said, “You're impressive, Dr. Jarvis. You’re young, but you’re already working with the big shots in the medical world.”
Roxanne pressed her lips together and flashed Jessica a humble smile. “I’m just lucky.”
When the server brought a chair over. Jessica did not budge from between Roxanne’s and Jack's seats. There was no telling if she was doing that intentionally or not.
Roxanne did not think much about it as she stood up and moved her chair to give space for Jessica.
Jessica curled her lips and took her seat beside Jack’s without hesitation. She then raised her head to look at Jack, who was still chatting away with the others with admiration in her eyes..
Jack did not notice the subtle happenings at the side. He was too preoccupied with toasting the other doctors..
“Jack has been outstanding since he was young, but due to the Damaris family’s rules, he rarely interacts with girls. The only exception is me, who grew up with him,” Jessica mentioned in deliberate nonchalance.
However, Roxanne was the only one who could hear what she said.
Confusion danced across Roxanne’s mind when she heard the other woman’s words. But still, for the sake of politeness, she smiled and replied, “You must be close to Mr. Damaris, then.”
Jessica turned to give her a look. Roxanne continued to smile at her sincerely. At the sight of that, Jessica furrowed her brows and continued dubiously, “How did you get to know Jack?”
Roxanne confessed, “Old Mr. Queen recommended me to the Damaris family’s medical consultation the other time, so | had the pleasure to aid the children with Mr. Damaris.”
Jessica’s heart sank again when she heard. that.
The Hightower family was also involved in the medical world, but the medical skills she had were not enough to gain her a chance to attend the medical consultation with Jack.
Nevertheless, Jessica knew well the processes involved in the Damaris family’s medical consultation. Therefore, she could imagine how close the two had been upon hearing Roxanne’s answer.
“Is that so? It seems that you’re much more skillful than | thought if you could attend the medical consultation with Jack.” Jessica praised unwillingly. “Jack must think well of you.”
Roxanne could sense something amiss, and for a moment, she did not know how to answer Jessica.
No matter what she said in response to Jessica’s words, it would seem as if her relationship with Jack was a romantically ambiguous one.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 637
Chapter 637
“Mr. Damaris surely isn’t the only one who wanted her to join them. Roxanne had Old Mr. Damaris’ approval too,” uttered Larry, who had been paying attention to their interaction, when he saw that Roxanne was stumped.
At that, Jessica knitted her brows and turned to the side to look at him.
She had already noticed the young man a while ago. He was outstanding, but she was not interested in him. Yet, to her surprise, the man had actually forced himself into her line of sight and even defended Roxanne.
“You're...” Jessica started, frowning. Larry introduced himself politely, “I’m Larry Morrison. I’m just an ordinary doctor, so you don’t need to remember me.”
Shock flitted past Jessica’s eyes.
Larry was the son of the Morrison family, and everyone within the circle would have heard about him. They knew that he was uninterested in his family’s fortune and had established a place for himself in the medical world. It was rare to spot Larry in banquets in Horington over the years.
Therefore, it was Jessica’s first time seeing him in person. She could not help but think that he lived up to his name. Even though he was the son of the Morrison family, he seemed calm and collected and not at all aggressive.
Perhaps his many years of practicing medicine were what made him learn to keep his aggression away from his exterior.
When Jessica came back to her senses, she promptly smiled and greeted Larry in return, “So you're Mr. Morrison. I've heard of you since a long time ago.”
Larry nodded. “If there’s nothing else, Ms. Hightower, I’d like to have a chat with Dr. Jarvis.”
Before Jessica could respond to that, Larry had already turned to Roxanne. “Are you free, Dr. Jarvis? There are some things about medical practices that I’d like to discuss with you.”
Even Roxanne could not help but freeze for a moment.
Although she knew that Larry was doing that to help her get out of her tough spot, it was the first time she had ever heard Larry speak to her in such a distant tone.
Still, Roxanne managed to recollect herself quickly and smiled at Larry. “Okay.” She then cast Jessica an apologetic look. “Excuse me, Ms. Hightower.”
Jessica could only give Roxanne a small smile before watching Roxanne walk over to sit down beside Larry.
The moment Roxanne sat down, she breathed out a heavy sigh and gave Larry a grateful smile. In a soft voice, she said, “Thank you, Larry.”
Larry sighed as well. “Be careful in a while. Ms. Hightower seems to have misunderstood something.”
Roxanne nodded in agreement.
She did not know what she had done to make Jessica develop those unnecessary misunderstandings, but Jessica already had those misunderstandings, and it was not something Roxanne could clarify swiftly in a few words.
All she could do was tell Jack about it later so that the man could explain it to Jessica himself.
When the other medical professionals saw Roxanne and Larry sitting together, they quickly crowd over to discuss questions about medical practices.
Both Larry and Roxanne were well established in the medical world, and both had come back from overseas. Although the two of them to keep at low profile in their discussion, the things they said still piqued most people’s interest.
At the same time, the other doctors were willingly imparting their own experiences to the two. The people became closer after a discussion.
The doctors found themselves admiring Roxanne more and more. Furthermore, they, too, began approving of what Daniel had said at the beginning-that the future of the medical field in Chanaea was promising.
Jessica’s wariness toward Roxanne grew intense as she listened to the people sing Roxanne’s praises.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 638
Chapter 638
There had been no other women around Jack other than her for all these years. Even though she was two years older than Jack, Jessica was already thinking of herself as Jack’s future wife until she encountered Roxanne.
The more Jessica saw others compliment Roxanne, the more she couldn't stay seated. After scanning her surroundings and seeing that Jack was on the other side toasting to the doctors, Jessica filled at glass of wine for herself and walked over.“Jack, are you not done yet?” Jessica said as she walked over to Jack as if telling the others that he was hers. The women at the side cooed.
Jack was in the middle of talking about professional matters with the others when he was suddenly interrupted by Jessica. Instantly, the smile on his face faded. “I still need a little longer. If you’re bored, you can head back with the other girls first. Once I'm done, I'll come and visit you.”
It was a subtle way of asking her to leave. Displeasure rose in Jessica’s heart, but she still smiled and moved closer to him. Then she raised her glass and looked at the other doctors at the table. “You're all Jack’s seniors. As someone close to him, | have to give you a toast. Please allow me to do so.”
With that. Jessica downed the glass of wine. The entire time, she acted as if she was the lady of Jack’s household. The doctors exchanged a look. Despite how baffled they felt, they still politely took a sip from their glasses.
Jessica beamed with satisfaction and took the opportunity to stay by Jack’s side. When the other women saw how intimate Jack and Jessica seemed, they cheered again.
However, Jack realized that he could not continue after the interruption anymore. Hence, he said to the other doctors apologetically, “Let's talk about the details another day. It’s getting late now. Let’s
head back earlier after the merry meal.”
The others agreed to it. Jack turned to glance at the person beside him and frowned. He then suppressed the displeasure in his heart and brought Jessica back to their seats.
Just as he sat down in his seat, he noticed the changes at his table, and his frown deepened. “Why is Dr. Jarvis on the other side now?” Jack asked despite knowing the answer. Roxanne stiffened and subconsciously glimpsed at Jessica.
Before she could say anything, Jessica uttered, “Mr. Morrison said that he had something to talk to Dr. Jarvis about, so Dr. Jarvis went over.”
Then, with deliberate generosity, she added, “Dr. Jarvis, | think Jack has something to say to you. Come over and sit here. I'll just sit at the side.”
Despite her words, she remained seated with no intention of standing up. Roxanne smiled. “I’m fine sitting here. | get to chat with my seniors better here.”
However, Jack furrowed his brows and said, “Indeed, | have something to talk to Dr. Jarvis about. Jessica, I'll have to trouble you to move.”
Jessica had interrupted his event without regard to the situation, and Jack had tolerated her actions twice; he was not going to let her do as she pleased anymore.
Both Roxanne and Jessica were taken. aback by his words..
In fact, Jessica had never thought that Jack would actually drive her away.
On the other hand, Roxanne was frozen in her spot because she could sense that Jack was trying to use her as an excuse to get rid of Jessica.
For a moment, the atmosphere in the room became tense. Jack turned to Jessica, who was still sitting beside him, expressionlessly.
The moment her eyes met with his, Jessica gritted her teeth and stood up to give up the seat to Roxanne. Roxanne had no choice but to walk over.
###Chapter 639
Chapter 639
Chapter 639 “Mr. Damaris, what do you want to say to me?” Roxanne asked after taking a seat beside him.
She genuinely did not want to cause a scene, and Jessica, who was beside her, was staring at her. If Jack could not come out with any topic, Roxanne was certain that Jessica’s stare would burn a hole in her.
Jack knew well what kind of situation she was in, so he said casually, “I'll be relying on both you and Mr. Morrison for this collaboration, so let me express my thanks
first.”
With that, he raised his glass and downed it.
Roxanne lifted her glass politely and took a few sips as well.
“Jessica, where did that woman come from? Why does it seem that Mr. Damaris thinks of her as someone important?”
“She’s not in some kind of relationship with Mr. Damaris, right? She looks like someone who knows how to seduce men!”
The friends Jessica had brought along with
her all grumbled about Roxanne and whispered their speculations to Jessica when they saw the way Jack treated Roxanne. Jessica already felt threatened by Roxanne, so when she heard her friends’ flame fanning comments, her frustration worsened.
“It seems that you’re quite the crucial person for this collaboration, Dr. Jarvis,” Jessica said through gritted teeth and raised her glass. “I'll have to thank you on behalf of Jack, then. | hope you have a good time working with him.”
She lifted her head to down the drink, but Jack stopped her with a frown.
“There’s no need for this. Dr. Jarvis and | know each other, so | can thank her myself,” uttered Jack as he stared at Jessica coldly.
Jack could not claim that he did not know what was in Jessica’s mind, but their families were on good terms, so he had never voiced anything out loud as he maintained a good relationship with her in public.
However, Jack could not stand how Jessica
was not reading the room at all anymore.
Jessica could barely keep the smile on her face upon hearing Jack’s words, and she paled.
The ones near them could hear what Jack was trying to imply that Roxanne was closer to him.
Jessica, in contrast, was nothing but a clown.
As a matter of fact, Jessica’s hand, which had been holding onto the glass of wine, froze midair when she heard Jack’s words. An awkward silence ensued.
Roxanne was caught between the two, and she could feel her head aching.
In the end, Roxanne could not bear to watch Jessica’s embarrassed look. She said, “At the end of the day, we'll all have to put in much effort for this collaboration since it’s our work, so let's toast to that.”
Hearing that, the others agreed and raised their glass to drink.
Jessica took the chance to take a sip before putting her glass back in its original spot.
“It seems that you'll be getting right into business after this, so my friends and | will take our leave first.” The pale-faced Jessica stood up. She then lowered her head to look at Roxanne. “Dr. Jarvis, there’s something | want to talk to you about. Do you mind sending us to the door?”
Roxanne was perplexed by her question, but there was no reason for her to reject Jessica, so she stood up and followed them to the doorway.
“Ms. Hightower, what would you like to talk about?”
Jessica swept her gaze at the people at the table before turning back to Roxanne. Despite the smile on her face, her tone was cold. “Don’t assume that I’ll thank you for helping me out of the awkward situation just now. I’m warning you now to stay away from Jack.”
Her words brought a frown to Roxanne’s face. She had never expected to cross someone at a work-related banquet.
Roxanne had been as friendly as she could be, but Jessica’s animosity toward her had only increased.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 640
Chapter 640
Chapter 640 Sensing Jessica's animosity, Jessica pursed her lips and muttered, “I think you’ve misunderstood something. I—” “l only believe what | see, so it’s best for you to remember what I’ve said.”
Before Roxanne could say anything else, Jessica turned and left.
Exasperation washed over Roxanne, and she turned to return to her seat.
“Sorry. Did | cause you any trouble?” Jack started apologetically when Roxanne sat down.
“| hope you won't use me as a shield if you encounter something like this next time. There are already some misunderstandings between Ms. Hightower and me.”
“| think she and | have some misunderstandings too.”
Otherwise, she would not have acted as if she was his girlfriend earlier.
If not for their families, Jack would have confronted her about the matter a long time ago.
“Still, don’t worry about this. I'll clarify things with her once | get back. | won’t let her trouble you anymore,” Jack added after a short moment of contemplation.
Roxanne nodded. She was not too fazed by the matter.
She did not know why, but she pitied Jack for meeting a woman like Jessica.
However, the thought of Aubree soon crossed her mind.
Here, she had Jack to clarify things with Jessica, and it was not as if she was guilty in the first place.
On the other hand, Aubree still had her eyes on her; she was going to strike anytime, and Roxanne could only do so much to defend herself from Aubree.
Roxanne realized that perhaps she was the more pitiful one. A bitter look crept upon Roxanne’s face without her knowledge. “What's the matter? Is there something else?” Jack asked, puzzled.
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and shrugged her emotions away before flashing Jack a smile. “It's nothing. | just find what happened today a little funny.”
Jack apologized to her again.
Without Jessica and her group of women, the atmosphere in the room was much more relaxed.
After having their meal in peace, everyone went back home.
Roxanne and the other two had been forced to drink quite a bit by their seniors, so they could not drive themselves back.
While Larry and Jack summoned their drivers, Roxanne planned to hail a cab home.
The three of them went out of the hotel together. “Roxanne, let me send you home. | don’t think you can hail a cab at this time,” Larry suggested.
Roxanne gave him a smile. “It’s fine. | can head home myself. It’s late, and it’s convenient for you to fetch me back. Your parents will be worried if you reach home
late.”
Larry sighed. “I'm not a kid anymore, so why are they still worried about me? You, on the other hand, will have Archie and Benny worrying about you if you reach home late.”
The look in Roxanne’s eyes turned tender when she thought about her children. At that moment, the warm lights by the hotel doorway shining on her gave her a gentler
appearance.
That was the sight Jack was greeted with when he turned to say something to them. He felt as if the sight of Roxanne had shot an arrow into his heart, and he could not help but gulp. In fact, he had even forgotten what he wanted to say to them.
“I'll just give them heads up later. It’s late, so it’s best for me not to trouble you, Larry,” Roxanne rejected with a chuckle.
Larry's gaze darkened. He knew that she would not be easily convinced, so he had no choice but to give up. “I'll wait here with you for a while, then. It’s late, and I’m worried about leaving you here alone.”
Roxanne assented with a smile.
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 641
Chapter 641
Chapter 641 “lll send Ms. Jarvis back,” came Jack’s voice from the side. Roxanne froze, and she quickly said, “It’s fine.”
Even though they were close enough to be considered friends, Roxanne did not think that they were that close enough for Jack to send her home.
She rejected Larry's offer because she felt that it would be inconvenient to do so.
However, she rejected Jack because she felt that they were not close enough for him to send her back. Naturally, Jack could see the difference between Larry and him. Still, despite knowing that, he was disappointed.
“There’s no need for you to be this courteous with me, Ms. Jarvis. We'll be working together in the near future. | just wish for us to get closer so that we can work better together.” Then he tamped down the rising strange feelings in him. “Also, I’m about to go back to my place, and your house is on my way. It won’t be
troublesome at all.” Acrease appeared between Roxanne’s brows.
Every excuse she could think of to reject Jack had been dismissed by him before she could even voice it. Even though she still felt that it was inappropriate for him to give her a ride, she simply could not come up with any reason to reject his offer.
Larry didn’t think much of it as he chimed in, “In that case, just accept Mr. Damaris’ offer, Roxanne.”
Without a doubt, Larry would rather have Jack send Roxanne back than have Roxanne take a cab home.
Since they both had said that, Roxanne had no choice but to agree to it. “Sorry for the trouble, then, Mr. Damaris.” Jack let out a sigh inwardly and gave her a reassuring smile in response. “It’s nothing but a small matter.”
The three of them then waited for the two drivers to come by the hotel entrance as they talked about the collaboration. In the middle of their conversation, various
footsteps could be heard from behind them.
They guessed that a group of people had just finished their meal and were coming out of the hotel together. Hence, the trio stepped aside to open up a path for the people behind them without turning around.
“Slow down, Jessica!”
The few young women behind them were supporting a drunk Jessica with worried looks on their faces.
After leaving the event earlier, Jessica had downed countless glasses of wine and became drunk. She was angry the more she thought about what had happened earlier.
It took her friends a long while of persuasion to convince her to stop. Then, they tried to support her out of the hotel to return home.
Jessica was truly drunk out of her mind. As the women supported her out, she continued to mumble under her breath, “Roxanne Jarvis, huh? Just you wait! Jack’s mine...” Just as the few young women were about to respond to that, they lifted their heads to see Roxanne and the two men.
Jessica was still cursing away.
“Jessica, stop it!” one of the young women said.
However, Jessica shoved that young woman’s hand away and snapped, “Don’t touch me! You’re on Jarvis’ side, aren’t you? How dare you defend her?”
The young woman who was shoved aside glanced at Roxanne. Then, Jessica began swearing in her face, and the young woman's eyes reddened in panic.
When Jessica looked at the spot where her friend was looking, she saw Roxanne and the other two. It took her a while before she
realized that the woman in the trio was Roxanne.
“Roxanne!” Jessica stumbled over to the other woman.
Roxanne furrowed her brows, and her expression darkened.
She had hoped to avoid unnecessary trouble by pretending that she did not hear
Jessica.
Moreover, Jessica was someone Jack knew; Jack would be placed in a tight spot if she were to start a fight with Jessica.
Yet, who would have known that Jessica would notice her, let alone storm over to her?
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 642
Chapter 642
Chapter 642 “Jessica, what are you doing?” Jack stood in front of Roxanne grimly.
Jessica was drunk, and she had lost most of her inhibition and rationality. Therefore, when she saw Jack defending Roxanne, she became even more enraged.
Despite that, Jessica was still gentle with Jack. “Move aside, Jack! This has nothing to do with you.” In fact, she still tried to squeeze out a smile for him.
Jack frowned. “Jessica, we’re in a public space, so please mind your behavior. Go back soon if you’re drunk!”
With that, his eyes flitted toward Jessica’s friends, a sign of him wanting them to take Jessica away.
They immediately understood what he meant and carefully came over.
However, just as they were about to reach Jessica, Jessica spotted them.
“Get lost, all of you!” Jessica shouted hysterically before turning to look at the spot behind Jack. “Come out here, Roxanne! What are you scared of?”
Roxanne met her gaze with a frown. “Ms. Hightower, sober up. I’m only friends with Mr. Damaris.”
Even if they did have a relationship, Jessica had no right to intervene in it.
After all, the only thing between Jessica and Jack was that Jessica had a crush on the latter.
Still, those words were not hers to say.
“Friends?” Jessica laughed mockingly. “You have plenty of friends, don’t you? It’s already so late, but Mr. Morrison and Jack are still keeping you company. | knew it. You’re a minx who's going after two men at once. You're smug, aren’t you?”
The moment those words were out of her mouth, the expressions of the trio darkened.
“Jessica Hightower,” Jack bellowed. “Mind your words. You and | have no romantic relationship to speak of. Ms. Jarvis is only a business partner and a friend to us. What nonsense are you spouting?”
Jessica was stunned by his words, and she
said aggrievedly, “Jack, what are you talking about? | like you!”
Then she moved closer to Jack and stretched out her arms to hug him.
Realizing what she was trying to do, Jack creased his forehead and instinctively pushed her away. Jessica stumbled and stood transfixed for a long while.
Roxanne’s frown deepened. She wanted to support Jessica, but Larry grabbed her arm. “Roxanne, you can’t always be kind to others.”
The icy tone that Larry had was one that Roxanne had never heard before.
Roxanne halted in her tracks. When she thought about the animosity the other woman had toward her, she chose to remain in her spot.
“You're drunk!” Jack shouted, trying to keep his anger to himself as he stared at the stunned woman supporting herself by the wall. “Go home now, and I'll pretend that this never happened.”
Realizing how grave the situation was,
Jessica’s friends quickly stepped forward to grab Jessica.
“Jessica, Mr. Damaris is angry. Let’s hurry off now.”
“Mr. Damaris, Dr. Jarvis, we're really sorry. Jessica’s drunk, so please don’t hold her accountable for this.”
The words of persuasion and the apologetic speech sounded at the same time.
The young women then hurriedly tried to support Jessica again.
However, before they could even touch her, Jessica clumsily straightened up with the help of the wall.
The women sighed in relief, thinking that Jessica had sobered up. “Jessica—”
“It's all because of you!” Jessica glared at Roxanne. “You b*tch! If not for you, Jack wouldn’t treat me like this!”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 643
Chapter 643
As soon as she Said that, and before the people could react, Jessica lunged toward Roxanne.
Jack had pushed her closer to Roxanne just now, so there was no one between the two.
By the time Larry turned around upon hearing the commotion, Jessica was already a hair’s breadth away from Roxanne.
“Roxanne, watch out!” Larry cried out, barely managing to pull Roxanne behind him.
At the same time, Jack walked over and gripped Jessica’s arm. “Are you done?”
Jessica ended up lunging toward an empty spot and was even berated by Jack. Her anger reached its peak, and she burst into tears. As she bawled, she pointed at Roxanne and continued cursing.
There were people walking out of the hotel, and when they noticed the commotion, they stopped in their tracks to watch the drama.
Roxanne stood behind Larry, her heart still
racing. She noticed that there were more and more people gathering around them, and she knew that she had to step forward and end the scene.
If things were to continue, Roxanne could not imagine what rumors would spread
tomorrow.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne took in a deep breath to recollect herself before stepping out from behind Larry. “How dare you come out? This is all because of you. You seduced Jack!” Jessica shrieked.
Jack furrowed his brows and tightened his grip on her arm.
It was his first time encountering something like this, and he frankly had no idea how he should clear things up. Right as he was overwhelmed by his dilemma, Roxanne’s calm voice sounded.
“Ms. Hightower, I’ve already told you that we're only business partners. At most, we're friends. If | was really seducing Mr. Damaris, Mr. Morrison wouldn’t be standing here now.”
Roxanne pinched her palm to calm herself down. “Moreover, even if I’m in a relationship with Mr. Damaris, you have no reason to act like a madwoman here. | mean, who are you to chide me?”
Her last question hit the bullseye. “|...” Tears stained Jessica’s face, and she failed to continue her sentence.
In the end, she grabbed the hem of Jack’s shirt desperately and mumbled despairingly, “Jack, | like you. How can you do this to me?”
Nevertheless, regardless of how polite Jack was, he could no longer keep up with the courteous demeanor in the face of a
drunk, troublesome woman.
He only swallowed and frowned in silence as he held himself back to the best of his ability while Jessica continued to cling to him.
Right then, a group of men in suits came out of the hotel.
The man walking in the front of the group had been chatting with the people when he turned to see that the hotel entrance was blocked by a crowd. Instantly, his
expression turned cold, and he turned to question the hotel manager, “What are those people doing? Why are they blocking the hotel entrance so late at night?”
The manager glanced at the man who spoke and explained weakly, “Someone's drunk and causing a scene by the entrance. We've sent our staff members to deal with it, but...”
The patrons that the hotel served were rich and powerful, so none of the staff members dared to resort to force, and their efforts to persuade Jessica to stop fell short.
The manager hesitated for a beat before suggesting tentatively, “Mr. Farwell, if you don’t mind, you can exit through our employee’s lane. It'll be faster.”
Lucian glanced at the faraway crowd and drew his brows together in disdain.
###Chapter 644
Chapter 644
Chapter 644 “Mr. Farwell, then shall we...” one started to ask Lucian’s opinion. Lucian was silent as he turned and headed toward the employee's lane that the manager was talking about.
Just as he took two steps forward, he heard a hysterical woman’s voice saying. “Roxanne Jarvis, this is all your fault! If not for you, Jack wouldn't ignore me!”
Lucian stopped in his tracks.
At that, the others around him quickly stopped as well before casting him a look of confusion.
Only Cayden knew what Lucian was thinking about, and he quickly said. “Mr. Farwell, I'll go ahead and take a look.” Lucian inclined his head with a dark look in his eyes.
After receiving his employer's approval, Cayden strode toward the entrance of the hotel.
In the meantime, the others waited in their spots with Lucian, puzzled.
Wasn't Mr. Farwell repulsed by the scene at the entrance just now? Why is he suddenly interested in it? Amoment later, Lucian returned from the hotel entrance and whispered something to Lucian.
In the next second, Lucian’s expression visibly darkened.
In fact, even the temperature around him lowered.
The people held their breaths.
“That'll be it for today. Let’s go on our separate ways now,” Lucian said to the people beside him after taking an expressionless glance at the crowd at the hotel entrance.
Then he strode over to the doorway. The people looked at each other, unsure if they should actually leave or not. “My apologies. Mr. Farwell has something to deal with, so we'll continue this another day,” Cayden insisted politely.
The people hesitated for a brief moment as Cayden stared at them. Finally, they decided to leave via the employee’s lane with the manager.
Once the people were gone, Cayden sighed in relief and turned to walk toward the hotel entrance.
How can something so coincidental happen?
Cayden had lost count of how many times the hotel Lucian was at for social gatherings coincided with Roxanne’s.
Furthermore, a drunk woman was stirring up trouble with Roxanne this time.
| wonder how the scene is going to unfold once Mr. Farwell reaches them.
Once again, Jessica’s words put Roxanne in the spotlight.
A headache began forming in Roxanne’s head, for she had no idea what explanation she could possibly give.
Perhaps to those who knew nothing about the situation, she was a wretched woman who seduced. men shamelessly. At that thought, Roxanne looked up at the expressions of the people in the crowd around them. The crowd was a small one, but everyone had dubious looks on their faces.
Perhaps it was because they felt that they were above the commotion-causing group. The crowd. looked away when Roxanne’s gaze landed on them.
Roxanne could not decipher what they were thinking about, and she felt even more helpless than before.
“Ms. Hightower...” Although she knew that it would be no easy feat to convince a drunkard, Roxanne still wanted to try to defend herself.
However, just as she called out to Jessica, she heard a commotion from the crowd around her. Hence, she trailed off and instinctively turned toward the direction of the noise.
It was then she was greeted by a tall figure striding toward her.
Everyone turned to look at that man, who had his hair slicked back to reveal his sharp features.
The man’s brows were knitted, and his thin lips were pressed tightly into a straight line, which made his irritation visible to all. Moreover, he was wearing a tailor-made suit which accentuated his figure and made him look noble. 
###Chapter 645
Chapter 645
Chapter 645 The man’s domineering presence silenced the crowd. Someone in the crowd finally came back to their senses when Lucian walked past them and whispered, “It’s Mr. Farwell!”
Upon hearing those words, the crowd erupted into an uproar. They did not even care about their reputation anymore as they stared at Lucian’s back.
Although they were all from prestigious families in Horington, they were ants in comparison to Lucian. Moreover, they could barely have the chance to see Lucian in person.
Therefore, now that they had the chance to do that, they couldn’t help staring at him to their hearts’ content. Lucian’s face was an eye candy for all.
Roxanne could only stay rooted to her spot in the middle of the crowd as she watched the mant amble toward her. The look on her face had frozen, and she did not know what kind of reaction she should have at that moment. It seems that | have had ill luck recently. Not only is a drunkard seeking trouble with me at work, but Lucian’s here at such horrendous timing. And it’s right after Lucian said those things to me.
Even though they were still a distance away from each other, Roxanne could sense the man’s. on her and the tinge of anger in that gaze.
gaze
Roxanne wanted to turn in an attempt to flee when the thought of escaping never even occurred. to her when Jessica was swearing at her.
However, Lucian’s mere gaze was enough to make her feel like running away. Yet, the man’s gaze was like a nail that pinned her to her spot and forced her to stay.
Roxanne quietly clenched her fists to calm herself down.
“Jack, | really love you. Apart from being a better doctor, what else does Roxanne have that’s better than what | have?” Jessica was still babbling away. However, Jack was no longer focused on her; he was staring at Roxanne with a complicated look.
The last time he sent Roxanne back, he had witnessed the interaction between Roxanne and Lucian and found the air between the two to be strange.
As Roxanne was still going to work with the Damaris family, Jack had taken the effort to look into her history. Unexpectedly, he had found out about what had happened to Roxanne and Lucian six years ago.
Back then, Jack had thought about how Lucian was a fool.
However, now that he was seeing the two in the same space again, he found himself thinking
differently.
Lucian, you've already abandoned her, so why do you insist on clinging to her now?
Similarly, Larry had a frown on his face, as he was worried on behalf of Roxanne.
Time seemed to have slowed down.
After what felt like cons, Lucian came to a stop right beside Roxanne, his shoulders almost touching hers.
“Ms. Jarvis, you've rejected me so firmly, but surprisingly, you’re so sweet to another man. It’s already so late at night, but you're fine with tolerating his admirer shouting in your face.”
Those words were whispered into Roxanne’s ear. When Lucian’s hot breath tickled her ear, she froze. By the time she realized what he was doing, the man had already turned around to face the crowd with her. His words made Roxanne’s heart lurch, for she had no idea what he was about to do.
The moment the crowd saw that the two were standing with each other, they stopped focusing on Jessica. 
###Chapter 646
Chapter 646
“Roxanne told me that she’d be discussing with Mr. Morrison and Mr. Damaris about their collaboration, but | never thought that the discussion would take so long.”
Lucian sounded casual as he spoke to Jack and Larry, and even the way he called Roxanne’s name was intimate.
It truly sounded as if Roxanne was his woman and that she had only gone out for a business talk with them after gaining Lucian’s approval.
The moment Lucian said that, the people’s eyes widened. Many knew that Lucian was engaged to a woman, and they knew that his fiancee was the daughter of the Pearson family. However, Lucian’s attitude made them begin to wonder about his relationship with Roxanne.
When they thought about Lucian’s status and the woman’s divine looks, it did not seem all too surprising that they were in a relationship.
The people inhaled sharply, thinking that they had learned something shocking; they were ready. to seal their lips and say nothing about that to anyone.
Roxanne was anxious when she saw the changes in their expressions. She wanted to part her lips. to say something to refute Lucian’s words, but there was nothing she could say.
After all, Lucian did not actually utter anything concrete.
It was just misleading.
If she were to speak without thinking, the man might twist her words.
When she thought about what might happen, Roxanne bit her lower lip in defeat.
Like the others, Larry's and Jack’s expressions also changed when they heard Lucian’s words.
However, they had to admit that Lucian’s appearance and the words he said were the best way to get Roxanne out of the mess.
After sharing a look, they nodded at Lucian. “The upcoming collaboration is important, and there were quite a number of people at the event. That’s why we didn’t notice the time.”
In other words, they were telling the crowd that the three of them had not been alone earlier. The crowd, naturally, dared not question Lucian. Only the drunk Jessica was still slurring her protests.
“Why did you have to sit so close to each other if you were talking about work? So what if she’s a great doctor? What right does she have to sit with you? At the end of the day, it’s all because of her pretty face!”
As she spoke, she stumbled over to Roxanne, her finger still pointing at Roxanne’s face.
Jack’s attention was fully on Roxanne and Lucian. Even though he could hear Jessica’s voice, he did not realize when she had walked away from his side.
By the time Jessica reappeared in his line of sight, she was already in between him and Roxanne.
Jack scrunched up his brows and tried to stop her.
However, it would not be appropriate for him to be the one to make the move now.
Hence, he had no choice but to remain still in his position as he watched Jessica ram herself onto a wall.
Larry had even less right to do anything.
Jessica’s friends, on the other hand, were panicking, but Lucian’s dominating presence stopped them from mustering the courage to pull Jessica back. So, they, too, could only watch as the scene. unfold.
“You...” Jessica staggered toward Roxanne until the latter was only a few steps away. “You minx! What kind of medical skills can you possibly have with that look of yours? Y-Your looks are everything!”
Roxanne had faced many similar questions like that before, but their questions had been looks in their eyes; none had ever voiced them out loud like that, let alone in a situation like this.
Even if she wanted to defend herself, she could not prove that her medical skills were not as lousy as Jessica said they were with just words. 
###Chapter 647
Chapter 647
Chapter 647 Everyone heard Jessica clearly. Of course, they did not know much about the medical field. Hence, they merely nodded at Jessica’s remarks.
After all, they had the perception that accomplished doctors would typically be in their fifties. People would not normally associate a young and beautiful woman like Roxanne with being an accomplished doctor in the medical field.
Jessica’s hand edged closer and closer to Roxanne’s face. The latter’s face turned cold. She was ready to swat off Jessica’s hand at any moment right then.
However, before Roxanne could do so, a large hand struck first and immobilized Jessica’s hand.
The man clutching her hand had evidently exerted a considerable amount of force, so much so that Jessica lost her balance and staggered a few steps back and missed Roxanne’s face.
“You could consult Dr. Lambert if you have any doubts about her medical skills, or you could also ask Old Mr. Queen. | believe he will have an answer for you.” Lucian threw a scornful look at the tipsy woman before him. “Also, if you can’t control yourself after having a few drinks, you'd better not attend these functions.”
Before Jessica could respond, Lucian eyed the crowd and fixed his gaze on Cayden as he ordered, “Get someone to send Ms. Hightower home.”
Cayden hastily agreed.
Lucian’s grip hurt Jessica’s wrist, and she slowly snapped out of her daze. Her blurry vision slowly became focused as she started to recognize the man before her.
“M-Mr. Farwell?” Her voice turned shaky as she registered the face in front of her.
Lucian looked daggers at her. Noticing that she was finally sobering up, he swung her off to one side with a disdained look on his face. “I’m glad that you've finally sobered up, Ms. Hightower. | think it’s best that you refrain from drinking from now on.”
Jessica felt her legs going jelly at the realization. She staggered a few steps backward before she could finally steady herself. Despite Lucian’s rough treatment, Jessica dared not utter another word as she lowered her head, still reeling in from the shock.
When Cayden finally brought along some people as Lucian instructed, he hesitated as he waited for Lucian’s orders for his next course of action.
Lucian glanced at the woman beside him.
However, it did not seem that Roxanne wanted anything to do with the mess.
Seeing as the misunderstanding had been resolved, Roxanne wanted to just put it all behind her.
She said, “It’s great that you’re sober now, Ms. Hightower. I’d like to excuse myself if there is nothing else.”
Then, she looked around the crowd and stated, “It’s only a misunderstanding. I’d appreciate it if all of you would move on and refrain from spreading gossip.”
Lucian furrowed his brows in disagreement when he noticed that she was trying to play down the situation. However, he said nothing and went along with her as he shot a warning glare at the
crowd.
The crowd agreed not to spread the rumor as they met Lucian’s admonishing stare.
Roxanne flashed a grateful smile at the crowd. When she lowered her gaze, however, there was ar unmistakable weary look in her eyes.
She had drunk her fair share of alcohol just now. As a result, she was feeling dizzy. After going through the drama, Roxanne was utterly drained.
Lucian noticed her tired look, and his eyes darkened. He turned to Cayden and said, “Send Ms. Hightower home, and let Mr. Hightower know that she is sent home on my order.”
Jessica was slow to make sense of Lucian’s remarks.
However, the same could not be said for everyone else. They reckoned that life for Jessica would not be easy after this shenanigan that she had pulled.
If Jessica’s father, Stephen Hightower, knew that his daughter had offended Lucian, there was a slim chance that she would ever get to show her face in the public after this. 
###Chapter 648
Chapter 648
Chapter 648 Soon, Cayden sent Jessica away.
Only after getting out of the hotel diad Jessica finally make sense of what was happening. She struggled to break free, but it was all too late.
After Jessica left, Lucian scanned the crowd.
Everyone felt chills running down their backs as they met his gaze. They dared not linger and. hastily left afterward. Instantly, only a few people were left at the entrance of the hotel.
“Thank you for helping me out of the situation, Mr. Farwell,” Roxanne said.
She lowered her gaze and tried to calm herself as she muttered her thanks to Lucian, consciously keeping her distance from the man. Then she turned around to head back to Larry’s side.
However, Lucian held her hand right after she turned around.
Roxanne paused in her tracks and instinctively wanted to shrug him off, yet she did not have the courage to turn around and tell him off. She simply stood there stiffly.
“You've always been insincere with your thanks, Ms. Jarvis,” Lucian said in an enigmatic tone.
Then, he lifted his head to regard Jack and Larry who were standing not far from them. When he parted his lips, however, he did not sound as amiable as when he was defending Roxanne.
“Mr. Damaris, Mr. Morrison, the both of you couldn’t even handle a drunken woman, and as a result, your business partner here has suffered a scare. I’m afraid this is hardly ideal as far as business collaborations go,” Lucian said.
When Cayden reported the matter to him earlier, he had only mentioned that Roxanne was being put on the spot, and Lucian had come to her aid without hesitation.
He was upset to discover that Jack and Larry were actually present as well.
Larry glanced at Roxanne’s stiffened face. He approached her and said to Lucian, “It all happened too fast. We had no time to respond. Thank goodness, Roxanne is not hurt.”
A guilty look flitted across Larry’s eyes.
Owing to his amicable personality, he had only thought about defending Roxanne when Jessica tried to admonish her. It never occurred to him to come up with a more aggressive retaliation.
Larry knew he could have done better.
Lucian gave him a sardonic look and turned to look at Jack. He wanted to see what kind of explanation the latter would come up with.
Jack’s eyes darkened. He did not fumble for an explanation. Instead, he said, “I am to be blamed
for this. This happened because of me. | will take care of the rest. Dr. Jarvis’ name will not be tarnished because of this misunderstanding.”
Lucian pursed his lips into a thin, hard line. Then he regarded Roxanne with a frown. These two men were the ones whom he had witnessed to be quite close to Roxanne. In fact, Lucian felt threatened by their presence.
However, seeing as these two men could not even protect Roxanne from being slandered, Lucian vowed that he would never hand her over to any of them.
Roxanne was his and his only.
The tension among the four of them was palpable right then.
Of course, Roxanne felt the air going still as well. She lifted her head to look at the three men. She could not help but frown as she noticed the tense expression on their faces. Hence, she took the initiative to break the silence.
“Please let go of me, Mr. Farwell. I’m not going to run away.”
With that, Roxanne wriggled her wrist out of his grip.
Lucian cocked an eyebrow and let go of her.
He had only gripped her hand because he did not wish to see her standing beside another man. Given the situation, it would not seem right, no matter where she stood.
Lucian reckoned that Roxanne must have realized the same as well.
He was right. Roxanne did notice that something was off. She hesitated fora moment and made no move. Then she looked at Jack and asked, “Mr. Damaris, is the car not here
yet?”
It was getting late. She should be heading home. 
###Chapter 649
Chapter 649
Chapter 649 Roxanne could feel the air growing still right then. Needless to say, it was because of Lucian.
Roxanne clenched her fist and told herself repeatedly not to turn around and watch. She wanted to pretend that Lucian was not there at all.
His question had made her squirm uneasily. At the thought of his out-of-place confession. Roxanne was worried that he might make more unreasonable demands.
Meanwhile, Jack frowned when he saw that the driver was running late. “Let me make a call,” Jack said as he took out his phone.
The next moment, Lucian’s voice rang out. “Since Mr. Damaris’ driver is going to take some time, | could send you home if you don’t mind, Ms.Jarvis.**
Roxanne tensed up once again and turned around immediately to reject his offer. “That won’t be necessary. I’ve already made the arrangement with Mr. Damaris. Feel free to leave first if you’re in a rush. Mr. Farwell!”
Then Roxanne scurried to Jack’s side.
She did not wish to be alone with Lucian, afraid that he might say anything that would cripple her defenses, or worse, entrap her again.
Roxanne had not seen Lucian’s trick coming in the morning, and that served as a lesson for her to be warier of him.
Noticing that Roxanne was about to run away and scurry off to another man’s side, Lucian reached out to grip her hand once again. “Didn’t you say you won't run away. Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne paused in her tracks and lowered her gaze. After she straightened out her rambling thoughts, she turned around and met Lucian’s gaze calmly. “Mr. Farwell, I’m grateful for your kind gesture. But | don’t wish to trouble you further since it’s already quite late. I'll just head back in Mr. Damaris’ car.”
Having said that, Roxanne noticed that Lucian was staring at some place behind her. She did not know what he was staring at. However, the two men behind Roxanne were already staring right back at Lucian.
After some time, Lucian averted his gaze and said, ‘Is it truly that much trouble? I’ve given you many rides, Ms. Jarvis. Isn't it aliule too late to say that you're troubling me? Or are you saying that you feel more comfortable with Mr. Damaris, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne stared at the man incredulously. First, it was Larry, and now it’s Jack. What the hell does he tani?
If any other man were to say that, Roxanne would surely think that the man was jealous.
However, the man standing before her was no other man.
Lucian would never be jealous because of her.
Besides, she was not in that kind of relationship with Jack.
Roxanne could understand it if it came from the drunken Jessica’s mouth. However, to hear it coming out of Lucian was an insult.
Even if she were not to dwell on his dubious confession, Roxanne could not believe that the man who had just proclaimed his love for her would say something like this to deny her efforts.
“It just so happens that my place is along his way. Please don’t misunderstand, Mr. Farwell.” Roxanne said as she tried her best to suppress the boiling rage inside of her. “How are you different from Ms. Hightower if you say such things?”
Roxanne could feel the grip on her wrist tighten right after she said that.
The pain made her wince. However, she gritted her teeth and continued, “I have worked very hard to secure this collaboration with Mr. Damaris. You can always come up with a myriad of ways to humiliate me if you must. But please don’t belittle or deny my effort in this matter!”
Next Chapter 
###Chapter 650
Chapter 650
Roxannc leveled a starcat Lucian as if she was questioning him about the reason he was accusing hier like so many others who did not know any better.
Lucian was momentarily stumped.
He was angry at himself for saying things that he should not have said. His tone was gentler when he spoke again. “That’s not what | meant.”
Lucian simply did not wish to see hier leave with another man.
However, his clarification was to no avail. Roxanne’s face stiffened as she rebutted, “What could you possibly mean to say then. Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian frowned and cast a glance at Jack before saying, “After the commotion just now, my efforts to defend you would be in vain if you should be spotted to leave with Mr. Damaris.”
Then, his gaze drifted from Jack back to Roxanne as he said in a low voice, “I know you might not feel very grateful for my help just now, but I don’t wish to see my efforts going down the drain either. Do consider my stand in the matter, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne was taken aback. His words had managed to sway her. Lucian had a point. So many people had witnessed the drama just now, and they all had heard what Jessica said.
If Lucian had not stopped Jessica, Roxanne knew she would have been labeled as the woman who had only secured the collaboration with Jack because of her pretty face, and the slander would have tarnished the Damaris family’s reputation as well.
It had taken much effort on Lucian’s part to clear her name, but it would all have been for nothing if Jack was spotted sending her home.
People who were eager to slander her name would jump at the chance and accuse her of being involved with Jack. Roxanne knew that the tide of public opinion would turn against her.
Hence, she gave up on her initial plan. Roxanne turned to Jack and said apologetically, “Mr. Farwell is right. It’s not appropriate for you to send me back, Mr. Damaris. | will hail a cab home.”
Jack could find no words to refute Lucian’s claim, for he knew that it was a perfectly sound argument.
Larry eyed the two men and said gently. “It's late. Let me send you home.”
Lucian then said derisively, “Do you really think there's a difference between you and Mr. Damaris sending her home?”
Larry frowned in response.
Although he was reluctant to admit it, Lucian was right. Both he and Jack were the pillars of the collaboration project with the Damaris family. Any one of them sending her home would incite gesticulation as to the reason Roxanne could participate in it. Larry went silent, as he could find no words to refute Lucian.
Roxanne flashed Larry a grateful smile and said, “It’s all right, Larry. | was not planning to trouble you either.”
Then she turned around to face Lucian once again. Just when she was about to say something. Lucian interjected, “I have nothing to do with the collaboration project. Nobody can slander your name if I’m the one to send you home. Besides, Archie and Benny are still waiting for you at home. | suppose you don’t wish to keep them waiting for long, yes?”
Despite still feeling offended by what Lucian had said, Roxanne could not find a better way out of the situation. She hated to admit it, but Lucian always knew her weakness and would use it against her.
“Since Mr. Farwell has put it that way, let him send you home, Roxanne,” Larry said.
Roxanne went silent for a few seconds before she relented. “Thank you, Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian pursed his lips and bade goodbye to the other two men impassively before leaving with Roxanne.
Next Chapter Coming Soon... 
###Chapter 651
Chapter 651
Her Good Qualities Jack's gaze gradually darkened as he stared at their leaving figures from behind. Their current relationship is genuinely baffling me. | can see that Lucian inclines to win Roxanne back, but | cannot figure out her stance. Complicated emotions surged within Jack when he was reminded of Roxanne’s appearance as she stood under the lights earlier. She’s clueless about my feelings.
Along the way, Lucian wrapped his hand around Roxanne’s wrist tightly. He exerted a great force on her wrist and caused her to be in pain. “Let go of me!” She tried to break free of his grip, but her futile attempt merely prompted him to grab her more closely and firmly. Lucian decided never to let go of her hand anymore because when he had done so earlier, Roxanne almost approached another man. She had no choice but to give up after a few times of struggling in vain and having her complaints disregarded by Lucian the whole time. As a result, she allowed him to drag her along to the roadside. The driver had already driven the car over. The driver got out of the vehicle when he saw them walking toward the car.
Then, he politely opened the door to the backseat and waited for Lucian and Roxanne to get into the car. Roxanne hesitated, looking at the opened car door. Although the vehicle’s backseat was very spacious, she still thought she would be too close to Lucian if they sat together in the backseat. However, before she could come up with an excuse to refuse, Lucian had already placed his hands on her shoulder authoritatively and ushered her into the car. By the time she registered what had happened, she heard the sound of the car door closing. The driver swiftly returned to the driver’s seat. Lucian told the driver Roxanne’s address.
Then, the car began to move and was soon heading in her house’s direction in no time. Throughout the ride, dead silence filled the air inside the car. Roxanne thought he would say something, but unexpectedly, he remained quiet even after a long while. She let out a sigh of relief inwardly. | can live with this. Since he’s quiet, | don’t have to worry about him spouting nonsensical words. A wave of drowsiness washed over her right after she put down her guard. The temperature inside the vehicle was optimal, and the car’s interior was noiseless. In addition to being under the influence of the alcohol she had drunk earlier, Roxanne could not help but begin dozing off under such a conducive ambiance. She dug her fingers into her palms to force herself to stay awake, but that method was ineffective. Soon, she fell asleep without realizing it. Even though the driver had tried his best to keep the ride steady, there were still some unavoidable bumps on the road.
Amidst her grogginess, Roxanne knocked her head against the car window and reflexively tilted her body sideways, causing her head to drop to Lucian’s side. Sitting next to her, Lucian noticed her movements for some time, but he simply stayed silent. Lucian’s anger, provoked by Roxanne’s multiple refusals to his offer and her decision to walk up to the other two guys, had yet to dissipate. Therefore, he was afraid of uttering any words he might regret if he spoke at that moment. He frowned slightly when he saw Roxanne shifting her body weight to the other side due to her uncomfortable sleeping posture. Judging by how her face flushed after she dozed off, she probably consumed alcohol.
The sight of her appearance jogged his mind, causing the scene at the hotel the other night to resurface in his mind for a moment. That night, she was caught up in a similar drunken, drowsy state, questioning him in a mumble about why he had failed to notice her good qualities. Lucian felt a little heavy-hearted as he recalled the incident that night. Ultimately, he could not stop himself from reaching out and pulling her into his arms so that she could rest more comfortably. He didn’t know if his accidentally exaggerated motion had startled her because, to his surprise, Roxanne, who had been sleeping soundly moments ago, suddenly woke up in a daze. Sensing her movements in his embrace, Lucian knitted his brows slightly and instinctively stopped moving. 
###Chapter 652
Chapter 652
Chapter 652 Played Into His Hands Roxanne felt a little disoriented and hot upon waking up. For a moment, she even forgot where she was. She struggled to sit up. Only after taking in her surroundings did she remember she was in Lucian’s car. What did | lean on when | fell asleep earlier? She subconsciously glanced at the man sitting next to her. Lucian had already retracted his arms. Judging by his way of sitting, it was as if nothing had happened just now. However, aside from his embrace, Roxanne could not fathom where else she could’ve been lying. She uttered guiltily, “I’m sorry. | dozed off earlier.” As soon as she finished her sentence, she sensed Lucian shifting his pensive gaze onto her.
She squirmed in her seat awkwardly, wanting to put more distance between them. Lucian’s gaze darkened when he noticed her intention. “Ms. Jarvis, considering how soundly you slept earlier, | suppose you're very satisfied with the environment inside my car.” Roxanne’s body stiffened. Her eyes darted around the car’s interior as she lacked the courage to meet Lucian’s gaze. “I drank some alcohol just now, so | felt sleepy.” Frustration surged within her as she spoke. | can’t believe | still fell asleep after my best effort to stay awake.
Not to mention, | even snoozed in his arms. She did not know if she had leaned over to his side in a stupor or if Lucian had pulled her into his embrace. Either way, her actions would cause her to appear mendacious. After all, she had flatly rejected Lucian previously, yet, moments ago, she lowered her guard and drifted off in his car. She feared to imagine how Lucian would perceive her if she had thrown herself at him when she was asleep. At that thought, Roxanne braced herself and explained, “I nodded off and was in a groggy state earlier, so please don’t take it to your heart if I've done anything impolite by accident.” He could tell she was trying to dissociate herself from him again. Reluctant to let her get her way, he uttered solemnly, “Of course.
| understand your intention of selecting a cozier place to rest because leaning against the window was uncomfortable.” Upon hearing that, Roxanne glanced at him anxiously and regarded him with an inquiring look. Her eyes were slightly watery as she had just woken up. The dim lights in the car’s interior reflected off her eyes, causing her to look extraordinarily innocent. Lucian was intrigued after seeing the look on her face. “If you’re blaming yourself for creasing my shirt, you don’t have to feel sorry. | can simply ask Catalina to take care of it when I get back.” He casually reached out to tidy the hem of his shirt as he spoke. Roxanne’s uneasiness intensified as she was clueless about what had happened when she nodded off. She failed to wrap her mind around the situation while she took note of his action and even doubted the authenticity of his words.
Why would | throw myself into his arms? But his shirt is indeed slightly wrinkled. Roxanne did not know if her brain was lagging due to the effect of alcohol or because she had just woken up. Lucian bit his lower lip in amusement at the sight of her frantic mien. She was watching him with unblinking eyes the whole time. Naturally, she did not miss the mischievous grin that flashed across his face. After seeing that, the truth finally dawned on her. He’s toying with me. Recalling her panicky manner earlier, Roxanne reckoned she had played into Lucian’s hand. Realizing that, she pursed her lips and sat upright in annoyance. 
###Chapter 653
Chapter 653
Chapter 653 Misunderstand Pin-drop silence ensued in the car once again. Suddenly, Roxanne’s phone lit up. It was a message from Larry, asking her if she had arrived home. Even though Larry was not physically in front of her at that moment, a courteous smile still spread across her face when she saw him showing concern for her. She replied: I’m still on the way back. A second later, he responded back: Let me know when you're home. Roxanne agreed while beaming. Lucian noticed the illuminated screen of her phone and turned to glance in her direction. Then, he caught sight of the faint smile on her face.
Following her line of vision, he saw Larry's name on the top of her screen. Evidently, she was texting Larry. Lucian’s mood, which had just slightly improved, plummeted again following the observation. In what way am | lacking? Roxanne grins so happily even when replying to Larry’s message, yet whenever she’s around me, she always behaves warily. At that thought, the temperature around Lucian dropped gradually. By the time Roxanne was done responding to her messages and kept her phone, she sensitively detected the tense atmosphere inside the car. Just as she recalled what she could have possibly done to offend Lucian, his voice rang out beside her. “It seems you're still maintaining a close relationship with Mr. Morrison, Ms. Jarvis.” Roxanne was stunned after hearing that.
She swiftly realized Lucian must have seen her texting Larry. Her expression abruptly turned gloomy. “Mr. Farwell, isn’t it inappropriate for you to peek while I’m using my phone?” After listening to that remark, Lucian frowned and uttered displeasingly, “The inside of the car is so dark. It'll be difficult for me not to see what you're doing. Roxanne was slightly taken aback. It gradually dawned on her that her lit phone screen was indeed eye-catching inside the dim car. Nevertheless, she did not think that was a reason for Lucian to pry into her privacy. Despite feeling indignant, Roxanne did not want to argue with him regarding that matter, so she merely said, “Larry is just concerned about my whereabouts. Please don’t misunderstand us, Mr. Farwell.” Lucian’s previous assumption about her relationship with Larry had caused her to have lingering fears and concerns. Sensing her cautious tone, Lucian furrowed his brows. Ultimately, he didn’t press that matter further. However, discontentment surged within him when he was reminded of her cheerful smile from before.
A few moments later, he said in a deep voice while suppressing his rage, “Ms. Jarvis, please don’t forget that I’m still pursuing you.” Roxanne did not anticipate their topic of conversation would take such an unexpected turn. She was dumbfounded for a few seconds before forcing herself to stay calm and responding, “That’s your problem. I’ve never taken that matter seriously from the beginning. Even if you're really pursuing me, that would be your issue. | have no obligations to cooperate with you whatsoever.” She could vividly feel the growing tension in the air after she was done talking. Roxanne dug her fingers into her palms when she sensed Lucian’s temper rising and forced herself to meet his gaze.
“In that case, you should take it seriously from now on.” An unfathomable look gleamed in his eyes. “I don’t need you to cooperate with me, but you'll have to keep a distance from other men for the time being.” His ridiculous request amused her. “As you’ve mentioned, you’re my suitor, so what right do you have to restrict me from associating with other men? | don’t think there’s any problem even if | wish to accept the courtships from a few men at the same time.” Lucian furrowed his brows. When he heard Roxanne announcing her hypothetical wish to accept the courtships from a few men, his temper instinctively flared but he managed to contain his anger at the last minute. 
###Chapter 654
Chapter 654
Chapter 654 Take My Words Seriously Roxanne soon recognized the inappropriateness of her words after she was done talking. She was under the assumption that Lucian would retort what she said coldly but didn’t hear his voice even after some time. Amidst the silence, the atmosphere inside the car grew more unfavorable. Just as Roxanne was about to speak further, Lucian’s slightly resigned voice sounded. “If that’s the case, please treat me the same way you treat your other suitors, and don’t be prejudiced against anyone.” He contemplated for a long while and had no choice but to concede. When Roxanne heard that, her heart instantly clenched. She even doubted if her ears were playing tricks on her. How could someone as proud and arrogant as Lucian say something like that? “If Mr. Morrison is the other suitor you’re talking about, Ms. Jarvis, please treat me the same way you treat him.
After all, we’ve known one another for almost as long as you are acquainted with Mr. Morrison.” Lucian pinched between his brows with inexplicable emotions churning within him and said, “I made mistakes in the past, but | hope you'll give me an opportunity to make amends, Ms. Jarvis. At the very least, please have faith in what I’ve said.” Lucian felt helpless, realizing Roxanne had taken all his previous efforts lightly. This time, she was finally convinced that she wasn’t hallucinating. | can’t believe Lucian is yielding to me. Not to mention, he’s talking to me in such a submissive tone. Ever since their reunion, Lucian had always behaved assertively. He would do as he pleased and never gave Roxanne a chance to express her will, constantly forcing her to comply with his wishes. As a result, she refused to accept him all the while. At that moment, Roxanne could not help but lower her guard as she took in Lucian’s accommodating manner. She fell silent and was at a loss for words.
After all, she had no choice but to take him seriously after listening to his speech, but Aubree’s existence was undoubtedly a massive obstacle in their relationship, rendering his words unconvincing. Her indifferent demeanor clearly wavered despite her silence. Lucian bored his eyes into Roxanne. Not expecting her to provide him with an answer, he asked further, “So, what do you think | should do for you to give me a chance for a fair competition?” She merely felt her head ache upon listening to his volleys of questions. “Lucian, stop pressuring me, and let me think this through.” Roxanne needed time to figure out the paradigm of their current relationship and Lucian’s state of mind when telling her all those things. Lucian knitted his brows after hearing that. Seemingly to prove what he just said true, he fell silent afterward. Conflict swirled within Roxanne’s heart.
The two of them did not speak again until the car gradually came to a halt at Roxanne’s doorstep. “I shall take my leave now.” Roxanne hastily got out of the vehicle right after the car stopped moving as if she was a criminal on the run. Just as she was about to close the door, a large hand impeded her. Roxanne’s heart jumped into her throat. She froze, not knowing what Lucian was going to do. His expression was not visible in the shadows as he said earnestly, “I will do as you say, so | hope you can take my words seriously too.”
Roxanne tightened her grip on the car door after she heard him. She fell silent for a few seconds but ultimately nodded in response. Lucian withdrew his extended arm after she agreed to his request. His voice sounded less grim as he uttered, “Rest early.” Roxanne bobbled her head slightly, closed the car door, and turned around to enter the mansion. 
###Chapter 655
Chapter 655
Chapter 655 | Will Explain To Estella The sound of footsteps could be heard from upstairs the moment she stepped through the door. “Mommy!” Archie and Benny rushed out of their room, trotted down the stairs, and stopped in front of her, staring intently at her with odd expressions. Still feeling heavy-hearted, Roxanne had no choice but to put away her thoughts as she met the boys’ gazes. “What's wrong?” As soon as she said that, she saw the boys curiously peering at the door as if searching for something. After a while, they retracted their gazes, looking disappointed. “What are you two looking for?” Roxanne asked, puzzled. The boys looked up at Roxanne with disappointment written all over their faces.
“Mommy, is Essie not coming today?” Those words confused Roxanne even more. She could not understand why they would suddenly bring Estella up. “It’s late. Essie should be sleeping already.” Archie and Benny tilted their heads in puzzlement. “But wasn’t it Mr. Farwell who sent you home just now? Didn’t Essie tag along?” The boys were worried about Roxanne when she had not returned at such an hour. Hence, they kept running to the windows to check for signs of her return. When they caught sight of Roxanne stepping out of Lucian’s car, they hurried downstairs to greet Estella, thinking the latter would have come along, too. However, by the time they descended the stairs, Roxanne had already entered the house with no signs of Estella behind her. Roxanne’s expression froze slightly when she found out the children had seen Lucian sending her home. Worry flashed past her eyes.
| wonder if they noticed the tension between Lucian and me. Did they sense anything weird? Roxanne studied their expressions for a while. Realizing they were only focused on looking for Estella, the former sighed with relief and forced a smile. “Mr. Farwell and | met at work. Just like you two, Essie is also waiting for Mr. Farwell at home.” The children nodded in understanding and started asking Roxanne about her day. Roxanne was so overwhelmed by her thoughts that she briefly answered the children and urged them to return to their beds before retiring to her room to wash up. While she was washing up, Lucian’s words during the car ride echoed in her mind. They filled her heart with complex feelings and even slowed her down in everything she did. By the time she stepped out of the bathroom, an hour had passed. Suddenly, her phone that was on the table lit up.
Roxanne walked over and saw Larry's name on her screen. It was at that moment that Roxanne suddenly remembered she was supposed to inform Larry she had returned home. Her mind was so occupied with Lucian the moment she came home that she had forgotten all about it. Seeing the screen was still flashing, she quickly returned Larry’s call. “Roxanne?” Larry’s voice sounded the second the call connected. Roxanne immediately apologized, using the boys as an excuse, “I’m so sorry, Larry. | was so busy coaxing Archie and Benny that | forgot to call you.” Larry heaved a sigh of relief. “It’s fine. All that matters is that you're okay. | was about to give Mr. Farwell a call if you hadn’t answered your phone just now.” The mention of Lucian triggered a strange feeling in her heart. Thankfully, Larry did not ask much. He merely asked how she was doing before hanging up.
Roxanne was about to breathe a sigh of relief when she saw the phone screen dim. To her surprise, it soon lit up again. It was a text from Lucian. It read: If you’re too busy these days and don’t have the time to attend the concert we agreed upon previously, you can choose not to go. I'll explain it to Essie. Roxanne’s heart, which had finally calmed down, was flooded with emotions again after she had read the contextless text. 
###Chapter 656
Chapter 656
After taking several seconds to recollect herself, Roxanne finally replied: | had already promised her | would go to the concert. What's the meaning of this, Mr. Farwell?
Lucian’s reply came almost instantly. It read: | just figured you’d be busy handling the collaboration with the Damaris family for these couple of days. | won’t force you to attend the concert if you don’t have the time.
Aconjecture formed in her mind when she read the last sentence.
It must be because of what | said in the car about not forcing himself that made him bring this up suddenly. From his point of view, | was forced to agree to attend the concert because Essie kept inviting me over and over again. Is he trying to make up for past mistakes, then?
The thought of Lucian making changes because of what she said earlier gave her a strange feeling. In fact, she almost believed what he said about wanting to pursue her.
Realizing what she was thinking. Roxanne immediately snapped out of her daze and recollected her thoughts. She then lowered her gaze and typed a reply.
Meanwhile, Lucian’s gaze darkened when he did not receive a reply from her.
After the conversation in the car that night, Lucian went back and talked to Jonathan about it. which helped him understand how to pursue her.
Thanks to Roxanne’s words, he had thought long and hard about the things he had done in the past.
All he could do to salvage the situation was give her the option to refuse to attend the convert.
That morning, Roxanne did not seem too willing to attend it when Estella invited her.
It was only because Estella started tearing up that Roxanne had no choice but to agree.
Moreover, Lucian did not give her the chance to refuse.
Now that she had requested for some time to think, he did not want to force her into attending the concert. I've already made a compromise. Why is she still not replying?
Just as he was wondering if he should ask her about it, his phone vibrated.
Lucian frowned slightly, and he lowered his gaze to glance at his phone.
It was a reply from Roxanne.
Roxanne: I’m nowhere as busy as you, Mr. Farwell. Besides, I’ve already promised Estella I'd attend the concert with her. | never break the promises | made to a child. I'll definitely be there on time.
Lucian frowned after reading the next, but a faint smile soon formed on his lips. He replied: See
you this weekend.
He had already made a compromise, yet Roxanne still insisted on attending the concert.
It was a pleasant surprise for him, regardless of whether Estella was the reason for Roxanne’s decision.
Meanwhile, after hitting the reply button, Roxanne tossed the phone aside. She did not even bother to read Lucian’s reply.
The reason she chose to attend the concert was really because of the promise she made to Estella. Nonetheless, she knew a reply like that might make Lucian get the wrong idea.
After all, she had just told him not to force her and give her some time to think.
Yet, she did not seize the opportunity when Lucian made a concession.
Anyone who witnessed all that would think Roxanne was playing hard to get.
In fact, even Roxanne found it ironic.
Regardless, she had already promised Estella she would attend the concert.
Roxanne could not bear to see Estella teary-eyed again.
It's really wonderful that he can make a compromise. | hope he can keep up the behavior and keep his distance from me during the concert.
Roxanne’s mind was in a mess the entire night when she thought about all the possible scenarios. that could happen at the concert. She even wondered if she had made the wrong decision. Unfortunately, it was already too late to regret her choices. 
###Chapter 657
Chapter 657
Roxanne was awakened by the sound of laughter downstairs early the following morning
Her mind was so chaotic last night that she fell asleep only after a long time. And now, her head pounded from the lack of sleep. Roxanne glanced at the time. She wanted to get some more sleep, but there seemed to be no end to the laughter downstairs. Given no choice, Roxanne had to crawl out of bed and walk out of her room with half-closed eyes.
When she looked down from upstairs, she spotted Madilyn playing with the two children in the living room.
Seeing that, Roxanne could not help but sigh helplessly.
This woman lives so near to our house, but we haven’t heard from her for the past few days. Yet, she’s here to disturb my sleep now.
“Mommy!” The boys looked up as soon as they heard Roxanne’s room door open.
Madilyn, too, followed their gaze. The moment she saw Roxanne’s terrible complexion, the smile on her face was replaced with a look of worry. “Did we wake you up?”
Roxanne nodded without beating around the bush. Massaging her pounding temples, she asked, “Why are you here today?”
Sensing Roxanne was feeling unwell, Madilyn stopped playing with the children. “What's wrong? Are you unwell? Why do you look so terrible?”
Archie and Benny gazed at their mother with concern, looking extremely guilty for waking her
Roxanne sighed in exasperation when she met the trio's worried gazes. “It's nothing. | just didn’t sleep well last night. Then, | got woken up by you guys.”
Hearing that, Madilyn pulled the children to her side and said apologetically. “Go and get some sleep. I'll take them out to play for a while.”
Roxanne shook her head. “I can’t fall back to sleep, anyway. Please carry on. I'll be down in a while.”
With that, she turned around to wash up.
Meanwhile, Madilyn exchanged glances with the boys.
“It's all your fault. | told you to lower your voices, but you boys didn’t listen,” Madilyn reprimanded first.
The boys angrily placed their hands on their hips as they stared at their godmother, who said
those words shamelessly.
It did not take long for Roxanne to wash up. When she was done, she descended the stairs, yawning at the same time.
Madilyn had bought breakfast for them. The children had already eaten theirs, and Roxanne’s portion was set aside on the table. Hence. Roxanne went over to the dining table to have her breakfast.
Madilyn brought the boys over to the dining table and sat beside her, asking, “What were you. thinking about last night? You look like you were up the entire night.”
A look of exasperation flashed in Roxanne’s eyes when she thought of the reason that kept her awake. She shook her head as if nothing was wrong. “It’s nothing. | drank some alcohol during my social gathering last night. That’s why | didn’t sleep well.”
Hearing that, Madilyn shot the boys a suspicious glance. The boys nodded, though they were not really sure.
Only then did Madilyn believe Roxanne’s words. Frowning, the former advised, “Don’t be so hard on yourself. You might not be worried about your health, but these kids are.”
With that, she gazed downward at the two kids, who immediately nodded to play along.
Roxanne could not help but smile at their act. “All right. Besides, I’m not the only one who's guilty. You’re the same, too. You've been swamped with work lately, haven't you?”
Madilyn rolled her eyes. “Ugh. | had no choice.”
For some reason, the hospital had been severely understaffed for the past few days. Madilyn had no choice but to do whatever she could to help, which threw her into a spiral of hecticness for the past month. Now that she finally had more free time that week, she decided to pay Archie and Benny a visit. 
###Chapter 658
Chapter 658
Roxanne chuckled when she heard Madilyn grumbling.
Pulling the children into her embrace, Madilyn said with a sigh, “It's been such a busy month, but I’m already feeling much better after seeing these two kiddos.”
With that, she forcefully planted kisses on the boys’ cheeks, only to be shoved away by them in disdain.
“Let's go out and play tomorrow! We haven't spent much time together ever since you guys returned. It’s my day off tomorrow. | can take all of you out for the entire day,” Madilyn suggested, looking expectant.
The boys’ eyes lit up at the idea of going out to play. They instantly turned to Roxanne to hear her response.
Roxanne felt conflicted when she was met by the trio’s expectant gazes. “I’m afraid tomorrow is a no-no.”
The moment those words left her mouth, the trio’s faces fell simultaneously.
Madilyn stared at Roxanne with an exaggerated expression. “Don’t tell me you're working tomorrow.”
Roxanne shook her head. “No,” was all she replied, leaving Madilyn even more confused.
“Then, what? Spit it out. There’s nothing we can’t tell one another.”
There was a slight change in Roxanne’s countenance, and she cast the boys a troubled glance.
The boys looked just as inquisitive as Madilyn.
Seeing that, Roxanne shook her head in exasperation.
The concert was tomorrow, and she had yet to inform the boys about it.
Their expressions told her they would not let her off easily if she did not come up with a valid. reason.
However, Roxanne feared her best friend would get the wrong idea if she told them she was going to a concert with Lucian. Just as Roxanne was wondering if she should tell them the truth, the children guessed, “Mommy, are we going to the concert tomorrow?”
Roxanne froze, and she subconsciously turned to check Madilyn’s expression.
Madilyn was puzzled. “A concert? Since when were you interested in events like that? Spill. Are you hiding something from me?” Roxanne stuttered, “N-No... I-It's just-”
The boys cut her off while looking at Madilyn seriously, “Aunt Madilyn, we're going to a concert with Mr. Farwell and Essie tomorrow. So, we can’t go with you. We'll hang out with you next week, okay?”
Roxanne could not help but sigh at the boys’ betrayal, averting her gaze guiltily.
“Mr. Farwell?” Madilyn’s look of confusion was gradually replaced with shock. “You mean Lucian Farwell?”
Roxanne pursed her lips without saying a word.
Right then. Madilyn’s confused expression returned. “Lucian invited you to a concert? Is he... changing his ways?”
She was well aware of the drama between Roxanne and Lucian that had been going on for six years until now.
Madilyn still could not bring herself to forgive Lucian for treating Roxanne so coldly six years ago.
At first, Madilyn thought Roxanne and Lucian would not be in touch when Roxanne returned. To her surprise, the drama still carried on.
On top of that, she realized Lucian had been the one taking the initiative to contact Roxanne.
At that thought, Madilyn could not help but ask, “What exactly is going on between you two?”
Roxanne’s heart trembled, and she looked troubled. “I don’t know what's on his mind, either.”
Madilyn was heartbroken when she saw Roxanne’s expression. 
###Chapter 659
Chapter 659
Chapter 659 Madilyn knew nothing of the recent events that happened between Roxanne and Lucian. However, judging by Roxanne’s expression, Madilyn knew the relationship was the very reason. the former was feeling troubled.
After several seconds of silence, Madilyn suggested seriously, “If that’s the case, why don’t you... think about it? Why don’t you try dating him?”
Madilyn was, after all, not Roxanne herself. Hence, it was easier for her to accept the fact that Lucian had feelings for Roxanne compared to the latter.
Ever since Roxanne returned, Madilyn had witnessed the former and Lucian together several times. She had to admit that the duo looked good together.
If Lucian truly had a change of heart and wanted to make up for the mistakes he made six. years ago, Madilyn did not mind letting her best friend give Lucian a go.
Besides, she could tell Roxanne could not refuse Lucian because of the bond he had with the children.
If that’s the case, she might as well give him what he wants and try dating him. They can just break up if they really don’t have feelings for each other. At least they tried it out.
Of course, Roxanne did not know what was on Madilyn’s mind. Therefore, a look of panic. appeared on her face the second she heard Madilyn say that.
Meanwhile, Madilyn was too focused on weighing the pros and cons of their relationship that she barely noticed her best friend’s expression.
After mulling it over, Madilyn patted Roxanne on the shoulder, saying solemnly, “I mean it. If Mr. Farwell has changed his mind
and wants to pursue you, you don’t have to shut him out because of what happened six years ago. You can still consider dating
him. Her words caused Roxanne’s frown to deepen.
Madilyn was about to continue when she suddenly remembered the two boys beside her. She turned to them and waved dismissively. “Go ahead and play on your own for a while. | have something important to discuss with your mommy.”
Seeing the mysterious look on her face, the boys nodded innocently. Deep down, they knew Madilyn was going to talk to Roxanne about Lucian.
When the boys were out of their sight, Madilyn finally turned her head and continued, “If Mr. Farwell is sincere about his feelings, | don’t see why you can’t give him a chance. Besides, you don’t have anyone you like at the moment, and he’s the biological father of the two kids. Who knows? You might find yourself attracted to him once you date him. If it really doesn’t work out, you can just break up with him. It’s not a big deal, anyway.”
Upon hearing her justification, Roxanne pondered for a moment before voicing her concern, “But how would | know if he’s sincere about it? Also, he already has a fiancée, and she’s Aubree.”
Hearing that, Madilyn frowned, looking more serious. “If you give him a chance and get to know him gradually, I’m sure you'll find out if he’s being sincere or not. As for Aubree...
Madilyn sounded hesitant at the mention of Aubree’s name.
After all, she knew how Lucian treated Aubree back then.
As an outsider to the situation, she would not believe Lucian could give up on Aubree so easily.
Still...
Madilyn kept quiet for a moment before reluctantly uttering. “Although | can’t accept how he treated you six years ago, it also proved that he wouldn't let someone he loves feel aggrieved. So, if he really likes you, he'll definitely explain things to Aubree.” 
###Chapter 660
Chapter 660
Chapter 660 After giving her advice, Madilyn suddenly asked, “So? Was | right? Is Lucian really pursuing you?”
Shocked by her best friend’s exaggerated tone, Roxanne froze for a few seconds before returning to her senses. She smiled nonchalantly. “I have no idea what he is thinking. Maybe he’s trying to get close to me because Estella likes me more.”
Regardless, Madilyn figured her guess was not too far from the truth. She gave Roxanne a serious glance. “I’m serious. You should try giving the relationship a go. Just take it as a chance to make up for all the regrets from six years ago.”
At that, Roxanne fell into deep thought. Finally, she forced a smile and said, “All right. Thank you.”
Madilyn got up and hugged her. “You know you can come to me whenever you have something troubling you, right? Don’t keep it to yourself.”
Roxanne assented with a smile.
Madilyn knew Roxanne needed more time to think about it. Thus, she stopped talking and remained quiet in her seat while waiting for the latter to finish her breakfast.
After breakfast, they played with Archie and Benny for the entire day. Madilyn did not leave until the sun had set completely. Before going to bed, the boys asked Roxanne with concern, “Mommy, are we going to the concert tomorrow?”
She nodded in response.
Only then did the boys feel much at ease and shut their eyes obediently.
Once they were asleep, Roxanne got up and returned to her room. As she lay on the bed, her head was filled with Madilyn’s words from that morning. At the same time, memories of Lucian’s recent actions replayed in her mind.
All that made her feel confused and conflicted, causing her to take a long time to fall asleep.
Perhaps she was so troubled that she woke up rather early the next morning.
After lying in bed for a while, she prepared herself mentally and got out of bed to prepare breakfast for the children. While she was making breakfast, the doorbell suddenly rang.
Roxanne halted her movement. She had a rough idea of who was at the door, which was why she did not dare to open it. Even so, the doorbell kept ringing.
Awakened by the doorbell, the boys ambled out of their room, still half asleep. They thought
Roxanne was still sleeping, so they tiptoed down the stairs for fear of waking her up.
As soon as they arrived downstairs, they saw Roxanne standing in the kitchen.
“Mommy?” Archie and Benny exchanged puzzled glances, not understanding why she was not getting the door when she was already up.
Snapping out of it, Roxanne met the boys’ confused gazes and forced a calm smile. “Go wash up. I'll get the door.” Hearing that, the boys returned to their room without giving it much thought.
Roxanne stood unmoving for a while. She calmed herself before striding to the door.
“Ms. Jarvis!”
The moment the door opened, Estella’s childish voice traveled into her ears.
Roxanne forced herself to look at the little girl first.
It was obvious that Estella had put effort into her appearance that day. Her long hair was tied up using a large white ribbon with a bow knot, though there was a strand of hair that got caught in the knot. She was also dressed in a white tutu skirt, which made her look like a little angel.
Estella looked up at Roxanne, grinning contently.
Meeting Estella’s gaze, Roxanne felt much better, as if she was relieved of all the stress she had been feeling. 
###Chapter 661
Chapter 661
Chapter 661 Accidentally Ruined
Roxanne smiled back at Estella before looking up to meet Lucian’s gaze. He wore a black, custom-made suit, and his hair was styled with hair gel, revealing his handsome features. When their eyes met, Lucian’s hostility seemed to have lessened. “Good morning.” Pursing her lips, Roxanne nodded in response. “Good morning. Why are you—
Estella answered excitedly before Roxanne could finish her question, “I'm here with Daddy to pick all of you up!” As she spoke, she peered into the house curiously. “Where are Archie and Benny? Are they still in bed?" Enter title.
Roxanne lowered her eyes and patted the gir's head. She then looked up and gazed at the man in front of her before turning sideways hesitantly to let the pair in. “They're already up and are getting ready upstairs. They should be coming down soon. Come on in, Essie. You can wait inside.
Estella nodded and pulled Lucian into the mansion.
As they walked past Roxanne, Lucian cast her a mysterious glance.
Noting that, Roxanne frowned and narrowed her eyes without saying a word.
| said I'd bring the children there by myself. He even agreed to it. And now, he’s showing up at my door to pick us up? | can’t even refuse because he brought Estella along with him.
Two days ago, she was feeling hesitant when Lucian was willing to compromise for her. But, thinking back, she only regretted feeling that way.
He's clearly still as domineering as always!
After ushering them to take a seat in the living room, she poured them each a glass of water out of politeness before returning to the kitchen to prepare breakfast for the boys.
Not long after, Archie and Benny could be heard descending the stairs.
They greeted Lucian politely and ran off to play with Estella.
When Roxanne heard the children’s excited voices, she tried her best to forget about the other adult in the living room. Gradually, she felt more relaxed.
Soon, Roxanne had finished preparing breakfast.
Just as she was about to bring the food out for the boys, a large hand reached out from behind her and took the two plates away. Roxanne froze.
She was so focused on forgetting Lucian’s existence that she did not expect him to watch her every move. In fact, he even came over to help her as soon as she finished cooking.
The moment she realized all that, she could not fool herself anymore, and all sorts of emotions started surging in her heart. Seeing the food being placed on the dining table, the boys hurried over and took their seats without waiting for Roxanne to call out to them.
Estella, too, did not wait for Roxanne’s invitation. She simply made her way to the dining room as though she were in her own home, taking a seat beside the latter.
Roxanne looked confused when she saw Estella sitting down beside her. “Have you not had your breakfast, Essie?”
Estella nodded innocently. “Daddy says we’re going out to have breakfast together.”
Roxanne was taken aback by her words.
It was too late for Lucian to stop Estella from speaking by the time he realized she was going to sell him out. In the end, he could only frown and avoid Roxanne’s gaze, pretending as if nothing had happened.
Meanwhile, realization finally dawned on Roxanne. So, Lucian has planned out the schedule for today without informing me about it. No wonder he broke his promise and brought Estella here to pick us up. But it looks like I’ve accidentally ruined his plan. For a moment, Roxanne did not know what to say to lighten the awkward atmosphere.
Oblivious to the awkwardness between the adults, Estella took a bite of Roxanne’s cooking and said happily, “Mm! Ms. Jarvis’ cooking is the best!” 
###Chapter 662
Chapter 662
Chapter 662 Look Intimate
Estella’s voice brought Roxanne back to reality. Roxanne felt strangely guilty as she glanced at Lucian, who was still standing at the corner. She hesitated for a while before saying softly, “Come and join us, Mr. Farwell. You haven't had your breakfast, too, right?”
Lucian frowned, but he still took a seat beside the children. The truth was, he had planned out the schedule for the day. He did not expect Roxanne to go straight into the kitchen before he could inform her about it.
The atmosphere at the breakfast table was the same as usual. Roxanne and
the children enjoyed themselves happily while Lucian sat quietly in his seat,
Enter title... looking extremely out of place.
When they finished their breakfast, it was still oo early to go to the concert.
Hence, Roxanne played with the children at home the entire morning
Soon, noon arrived. Lucian suggested taking them out for lunch, to which Roxanne agreed, despite recalling the misunderstanding from that morning.
As they exited the house, Roxanne thought of driving herself—including the boys—to the lunch location. However, the moment she met Estella’s gaze, her heart softened, and she instructed the boys to enter Lucian’s car.
She took the passenger seat while the children happily sat in the back as they discussed the concert that was happening that night with great excitement.
As she listened to their discussion, she felt much more relaxed, and a smile appeared on her face.
Lucian’s gaze softened as well when he saw the smiles on Roxanne’s and the children’s faces.
The restaurant Lucian had made a reservation in was located on the busiest road in the city center, which was quite far from Roxanne’s house.
It took them some time to arrive near the mall and park the car.
By the time they arrived at the restaurant's entrance, it was already the peak hour for lunch.
Thankfully, Lucian had made a reservation beforehand, so they did not have to waste time queueing up.
The waiter led all five of them to a table by the window.
In the meantime, someone was watching them with eyes wide open in the corner of the restaurant.
“Frieda? What's wrong? What are you looking at?” Hasso Levandi asked the person in front of him, perplexed.
The restaurant was well known among the rich in Horington, but not everyone was able to get in. In fact, other people, apart from the few prestigious families, did not even have the right to make a reservation there. Though Hasso’s family was wealthy, they were merely a family that had recently made a fortune. They were nowhere near the rich’s social circle.
That day, Frieda suddenly requested to have a meal at that restaurant. In order to not disappoint her, Hasso had queued up early in the morning to get a table.
Just as the meal was going well, Frieda suddenly seemed distracted and began staring at the table beside the window.
Hasso could not understand what was going on.
Regardless, Frieda did not seem to hear him. She kept her eyes fixed on the group of five who were sitting by the window.
This b*tch. Didn’t Sonya and Aubree teach Roxanne a lesson already? How dare she share a table with Lucian and Essie? And why do they look so intimate?
Sensing Frieda’s displeasure, Hasso followed her gaze in puzzlement, only to find the quintet, which left him even more confused.
His family had just become wealthy, so he barely knew much about the rich. As the family’s second heir, who was new to all that, he had no clue who Lucian was. When he gazed at the quintet, he only thought of them as an attractive and harmonious family. He did not know why Frieda was glaring at them so fiercely. 
###Chapter 663
Chapter 663
Chapter 663 New Clothes For Estella
Frieda, do you know them?" Hasso couldn't help but ask. Frieda slowly retuned to her senses and glanced at him with furrowed eyebrows. The disdain in her eyes swiflly faded ‘There's bad blood between me and that woman.”
‘What did she do to you?” Hasso asked, confused. Frieda pursed her lips and put on an angry look. “She stole my friend's man. | can’t stand that.”
Hasso was momentarily stunned when he saw his goddess getting angry. He then stood up and assumed a posture as though he was going to help her get revenge. “I'll teach that woman a lesson” Enter ttle
Frieda couldn't help but roll her eyes. Quickly schooling her emotions, she gently kicked his leg under the table. “Sit down! Don't act so rashly. I'l be embarrassing if you make a scene!
Because she kicked him very lightly, he thought she was flirting with him. He sat back down obediently and asked, “What do you plan to do, then? I'll do whatever you ask!
Frieda smiled. “Let's follow them and see what they're up to.”
Hasso agreed without hesitation.
Roxanne and the others knew nothing about the duo’s existence.
After lunch, there was still some time before the concert started. Roxanne had wanted to bring the children to have fun somewhere. To her surprise, Lucian suggested taking them to the mall.
Roxanne asked hesitatingly, “Is there anything you need to buy?”
In her opinion, shopping in a mall together like that was basically something only a family would do.
She was worried that outsiders might misunderstand, especially when they were bringing three children along.
Lucian glanced at Estella, who was sitting next to Roxanne, and said, “It’s been a while since I’ve bought Essie new clothes. | don’t know what girls like to wear, and since we have time today, I’m hoping you'll be able to help, Ms. Jarvis.”
When Estella heard that, she promptly nodded as she looked at Roxanne expectantly.
Her grandmother had always been the one buying clothes for her. She wanted to wear the clothes that Roxanne picked out for her.
Roxanne’s heart softened when she saw the pitiful look in the girl’s eyes, and so she nodded in agreement.
With that, all of them left the restaurant and went straight to the mall next door.
Meanwhile, Frieda, who only had a few mouthfuls of her food, stood up with the intention of following them when she saw them leave.
“Frieda, there’s still so much food left,” Hasso called out to her in distress as he looked at the table full of food.
Annoyance flashed past Frieda’s eyes. She turned around and reproached,
“They're gone! If you want to eat, we can come back here next time!”
Hasso’s heart ached for the wasted food, but he still went along with his goddess and followed her.
The two followed them from a distance. When Frieda saw them entering the children’s clothing section in the mall, she unwillingly stopped in her tracks, then pulled Hasso to the nearby women’s clothing section, knowing that they would stand out too much and easily get caught.
“Hello, Miss. What type of clothes do you like?” An employee promptly arrived in front of them.
Frieda was bent on keeping an eye on Roxanne and the others. So, when she heard that, she swept her gaze past the clothes, picked a few expensive ones, told the employee her size, and asked the employee to bag them up.
At the side, Hasso felt immense pain when he saw her splurge like that.
However, he liked her pretty face very much, and he wanted to climb the social ladder through her, so he had no choice but to endure the pain and pay for her clothes 
###Chapter 664
Chapter 664
Chapter 664 Matching Dresses
Roxanne did not really buy any new clothes for the children after returning to the country. The clothes that they had were basically bought by Madilyn. Lucian was even less experienced in buying clothes for children. Looking at the various stores in the children’s clothing section and feeling somewhat overwhelmed, he simply let the children choose what they wanted
Ms. Jarvis” Estella suddenly tugged on Roxanne’s sleeve. Perplexed, Roxanne trailed the gir's line of sight and saw a store with simple decorations. Many of the clothes inside the store were sets of adult and children’s clothing.
Enter title.
Clearly, the store was selling matching outfits. Because they were in a high-end mall, a lot of the matching outfits inside were formal clothing
Itwas the first time Estella had seen similar-looking clothing for adults and children. She was very excited about the prospect of wearing matching dresses with Roxanne. Roxanne,
however, was a little hesitant.
She could more or less guess what the girl was thinking. However, she was already making a big concession to help pick the girl’s clothes. If she were to wear matching outfits with the girl, people would undoubtedly misunderstand their relationship. “You're a good girl, Essie. How about we look at other stores?” She leaned over and tried to divert Estella’s attention.
However, Estella refused to move her gaze away from that store. Her watery eyes were filled with hope.
It was also the first time Archie and Benny had seen that type of clothing. They glanced at Lucian with slight anticipation, but they didn’t have the courage to say it.
Seeing that the children refused to move, Roxanne looked at Lucian helplessly to seek his help.
Their eyes met for a short moment before he averted his gaze. Clearly, he wanted her to take care of the mess.
Roxanne’s head was starting to hurt.
Before she could say anything, Estella had already pulled her sleeve and led her to the shop.
With no other choice, Roxanne followed the girl inside. | hope she doesn’t make any outrageous requests.
“Welcome!” The employee had been watching them for a long time. Her eyes were filled with excitement when she saw them finally entering the shop.
They were the most good-looking family she had met ever since she started working there. If | can get their approval to take a photo of them together later and hang that picture at the entrance of the shop, our sales will undoubtedly soar!
At the thought of this, the employee became more and more welcoming toward them.
“You kids are so adorable! What type of clothes do you like? | can help you all try them out,” the employee offered as she smiled at the children.
The children were dazzled by the many choices available, as it was their first time picking out clothing for themselves.
Roxanne had wanted to pick the clothes for the children. However, when she thought about how the shop only sold matching outfits, her mind was abuzz with chaos and she lost the mood to shop. She could only leave the children to look around on their own.
Suddenly, Estella tugged her sleeve again.
Upon returning to her senses, Roxanne followed Estella’s line of sight, her nerves stretched taut.
She saw two dresses in front of them. One was a simple fishtail dress, its shoulder straps and hem of the skirt decorated with small diamonds. It looked simple and had an unobtrusive design. The other was a pure white princess dress that came ina smaller size. The hem of the skirt was embellished with pearls, making it look much more charming and adorable.
While there were differences between the two dresses, their overall style was similar enough that people would know that those two belonged to a matching set at a glance.
Estella looked at the dresses, then at Roxanne with anticipation written all over her face 
###Chapter 665
Chapter 665
Chapter 665 Watch What You Say
Roxanne furrowed her eyebrows slightly. She was about to explain to Estella that matching outfits were meant to be wom with her daddy and mommy when the employee beat her to it. ‘You have such a good eye, little giril This set of matching dresses really fits you and your mommy!” Roxanne was stunned. She glanced at Estella before shifting her gaze to the employee, wanting to deny that statement. To her surprise, before she could speak, the girl was already hugging her arm.
The latter even called out sweetly, "Mommy!" For a moment, Roxanne didn't know how to respond
Enter title.
Estella, on the other hand, was filled with anticipation. Daddy said he'll make Ms. Jarvis my mommy. It should be fine if | call her Mommy right now!
Roxanne was stunned for a long time. When she recollected herself, she tumed to look at Lucian and wondered how he would react.
Lucian loves Essie very much, so I bet her real mommy probably holds a very important spot in his heart. He'll probably correct Essie’s mistake soon.
Lucian furrowed his brows when his eyes met hers. After staying silent for a few seconds, he approached Estella expressionlessly and looked down at her from above. “Watch what you say, Essie.”
Estella didn’t expect her attempt at helping her father chase after Roxanne would cause her to be reprimanded.
“No! | want Ms. Jarvis to be my mommy,” Estella, her eyes red, mumbled
aggrievedly, upon hearing his stern tone and gave him an accusing look. “You said—”
Seeing that he was going to be sold out by his own daughter again, Lucian said in a deeper voice, “Don’t trouble Ms. Jarvis, Estella. If you like the dress, | can buy it for you.”
The employee standing at the side didn’t expect their relationship to be that complicated. “Sir, our clothes are sold in sets...” Lucian glanced at Roxanne and uttered, “Then bag these two dresses.”
Of course, Estella knew what her father meant. He was going to buy both dresses, but she would only wear the princess dress. Realizing that, she became even more aggrieved and angry. “No! | don’t want it anymore!”
She wanted to wear the matching dress with Roxanne.
Lucian frowned as he stared at Estella, who was throwing a tantrum.
At that moment, the atmosphere between the father and daughter became very tense.
Roxanne’s heart ached as she took in Estella’s reddened eyes and the way
Lucian educated the child.
In order to comfort the girl, she leaned down, looked into her eyes, and asked,
“You want me to wear the matching dresses with you, right, Essie?”
Estella sniffled and nodded vigorously.
Roxanne suppressed the strange emotion in her heart and smiled. “Okay. Let’s go and try out the dresses.”
With that, she got up and grabbed the dresses from the employee’s hands.
Estella’s eyes slowly lit up when she heard that. After shooting her father a furious look, she turned away and entered the fitting room while holding Roxanne’s hand.
After some time, they changed their clothes and came out of the fitting room.
Roxanne brought Estella to a mirror. The latter smiled when she looked at the two of them in the mirror. 
###Chapter 666
Chapter 666
Chapter 666 Archie and Benny watched silently and enviously from behind.
They also wanted to wear matching outfits with their parents. However, they weren’t as bold as their younger sister. Knowing that Lucian was their father, they tended to act more reserved in front of him.
Roxanne looked at the happy smile on Estella’s face, and her concern reduced greatly. She patted the girl’s head and said, “The dress really suits you, Essie. Let’s take it off now so the employee. can bag them.”
Estella shook her head without hesitation and grabbed Roxanne’s hand tightly. She did not want to take off the dress that quickly when it was rare for her to wear the same clothes as Roxanne.
Roxanne could guess what the girl was thinking. Well, since we're already wearing these matching outfits. | don’t think there is any difference if we wear them for a little longer. She went along with Estella’s idea and asked the employee to bag the clothes they were originally wearing.
After following the employee to the cash register, she was about to pay for the dresses with her phone when Lucian pulled out his card and gave it to the employee.
Roxanne was slightly stunned, as she thought the action seemed a little too intimate. With a frown, she said, “I can pay for it.”
Lucian looked at her, then at Estella and said, “You didn’t need to buy any clothes, Ms. Jarvis. You're only doing so now because of Essie. So | should be the one to pay for it.”
When the employee at the side sensed the ambiguous atmosphere between the two and saw Lucian’s black card, she chimed in, “There’s no need for you to be so courteous with this gentleman, Miss. After all, a man should pay for a woman.”
Then she grabbed the card in Lucian’s hand.
Roxanne frowned and kept her phone. She knew the employee had misunderstood their relationship.
Before they left, the employee asked carefully, “May | take a photo of you with the girl?”
Roxanne refused politely, knowing what the employee was trying to do, and left with the children.
If she agreed, her picture with Estella would no doubt be put up in the shop.
By then, if anyone saw it or word got out, it might cause unnecessary misunderstandings.
Frieda watched as they exited the shop, and immediately, she noticed Roxanne and Estella had changed into new outfits. Why do their dresses look as though they were made by the same person?
It wasn’t until she stared at the dresses for a while that she realized they were matching
outfits. That b*tch! Not only did she not learn her lesson last time, but she’s being more and more ridiculous! Even though she knows Lucian has a fiancée and that Essie will have a new mother in the future, she still has the gall to wear a matching outfit with her! Not only that, both of them look pretty close to each other from the back! If | allow them to continue like this, won't Roxanne end up replacing Aubree?
At that thought, Frieda promptly pulled out her phone and took a photo of Roxanne and Estella before sending the picture to Aubree.
After that, she continued to follow them with a scowl. The sky’s turning dark. Let's see where they're going.
“Frieda!” Hasso was holding bags of clothing when he turned around and noticed Frieda was already leaving the shop. He quickly went after her. “How much longer do we need to follow them? I’ve already made dinner arrangements...”
Frieda pursed her lips, looking annoyed. However, when she turned to face him, her expression changed. She held his arm petulantly and asked, “Is my friend more important or is dinner more important?”
Giddy with joy that his goddess had taken the initiative to show him affection, Hasso nodded. “Your friend, of course!” 
###Chapter 667
Chapter 667
Frieda and Hasso followed Roxanne and the others for a while. Watching as they entered the concert venue, Frieda was so livid that she snapped a few pictures before sending them all to Aubree.
Aubree was already fuming when she saw the previous two photos that her friend had sent. When she received a few more photos of Lucian and Roxanne entering a very famous auditorium in the city with three children, her head buzzed as though it was about to explode.
She knew there would be a concert at the auditorium that day because she had asked people to help her procure two tickets to that concert. The tickets were meant for her and Lucian.
However, Lucian had rejected her invitation without giving her a reason.
Aubree could only convince herself that he must be busy with work, and so she had given those two tickets to her best friend. However, little did she expect that the man had rejected her because he wanted to attend the concert with Roxanne.
Aubree was about to lose her mind as she stared at the pictures when Frieda called.
She answered her phone with a scowl, only to hear the displeasure in Frieda’s voice.
“Did you see the pictures | sent you, Aubree?”
“Where did you see them?” Aubree asked through gritted teeth.
Frieda gave her a brief summary of what she had seen in the afternoon. When she finished, she said angrily, “Roxanne’s going way overboard! She’s basically ignoring you! Mrs. Farwell has warned her before, but instead of repenting, she even got closer to Lucian and Essie.”
Upon learning that they even had lunch together, Aubree flew off the handle. “That b*tch!” I've spent much effort to convince Mrs. Farwell to warn Roxanne, yet Roxanne doesn’t seem to know any better.
“You must be careful, Aubree.” Worried that nothing would come out of her effort, Frieda added, “Roxanne is Lucian’s ex-wife and Essie’s biological mother. Now that Essie’s so attached to Roxanne, perhaps...”
She deliberately trailed off to let Aubree realize what she was getting at, and Aubree did get her message. Perhaps Roxanne and Essie already know their relationship with each other! And | know Lucian has been looking into the
accident. If he finds out about the truth, then I'll no doubt lose him!
At the thought of that possibility, Aubree panicked and her voice quavered. “Impossible!” Frieda was very eager for her friend to teach Roxanne a lesson, so she continued to pour fuel into the fire. “I hope that’s not the case too. However, seeing how intimate they are right now, it’s not
impossible for Lucian to fall in love with her again, especially when she’s quite a crafty woman. I’m reminding you of this right now because | want you to prepare in advance. After all, you’re the most suited for Lucian in my mind! Who does Roxanne think she is?”
Aubree was so angry that her hands were shaking. “Thanks for the reminder. | got it!” It wasn’t until Frieda said a few more things that she hung up the phone in satisfaction.
Even though Aubree’s phone screen had turned black, she felt as though she could still see those pictures there. “Roxanne, you b*tch! Just you wait!”
Reflected on the black screen was her contorted face. 
###Chapter 668
Chapter 668
Chapter 668 The concert hadn’t started when Lucian and Roxanne brought the children inside. Theirs were VIP seats, and it was a spot with a small, round, exquisite table. There was only one chair on both sides of the table.
Roxanne asked a server to bring three additional chairs for the children to sit between her and Lucian. That way, it would be easier for them to take care of the children’s needs at all times.
Looking at the seat arrangement, Estella glanced at her father and an idea popped into her mind. She turned around and carefully tugged Roxanne’s arm.
Roxanne looked at her, confused. “| can’t see the stage clearly, Ms. Jarvis...” Estella looked at Roxanne pitifully.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne knitted her brows and glanced at everyone’s seats. She had put Estella there because it would be easier to take care of her, but she had failed to notice how difficult it would be for the girl to see the stage.
Without hesitation, she stood up and switched places with Estella.
Estella secretly grinned when she saw her father and Roxanne getting closer.
Noticing their sister’s intention, Archie and Benny exchanged a glance before looking at their mother in unison. “Mommy, we want to sit with Essie!” The boys tugged the hem of Roxanne’s dress.
Roxanne was about to agree when she abruptly realized if she did that, she would be sitting very close to Lucian. She hesitated.
However, the boys were looking at her with such pitiful looks that they looked as though they were about to cry.
Roxanne glanced at Estella, who was sitting next to her, and saw her staring at the boys with the same look of anticipation. Clearly, they really wanted to sit with each other.
Meanwhile, Lucian seemed completely oblivious to what was going on. He was utterly focused on the stage, waiting for the performance to start.
Roxanne hesitated for a long while before she eventually decided to switch places with the boys and let them sit next to Estella. “You three must keep quiet when the performance starts later, okay? And don’t run around,” she reminded the children worriedly.
While she knew they were usually pretty obedient, she was worried that they would get too excited, forget where they were, and disturb other people. It was a real concern for her since they
had switched places with her and were sitting behind her and Lucian at the moment.
The children nodded seriously.
Only then did Roxanne relax slightly and sit next to Lucian. The moment she sat down, Lucian, who had been focused on the stage, abruptly turned to look at her.
Roxanne was caught off guard and felt guilty for some reasons. She hastily explained, “The children couldn't get a better look at the stage, so...”
Even though the children were the ones who had asked to switch places with her, she was worried he would misunderstand something since he didn’t seem to know what was going on.
Thankfully, after listening to her explanation, Lucian only glanced at the children behind her with a frown. Estella stuck her tongue out at him to indicate that it was all her plan.
Lucian raised an eyebrow imperceptibly when he saw that. Then he averted his gaze from his daughter and looked at the woman in front of him. “I suppose it was difficult for them to see clearly due to their short stature. | wasn’t being considerate enough.”
Hearing that, Roxanne inwardly sighed with relief and gave him a small smile.
The three children, sitting behind and looking at the intimate distance between the adults, exchanged glances and grinned from ear to ear. 
###Chapter 669
Chapter 669
Chapter 669 Not long after, the concert officially began. The curtains were slowly pulled open, and soothing music could be heard.
The theme of the concert was western symphony. There were a variety of instruments on the stage. All musicians, smiling at the conductor, were dressed in suits and had their hair combed neatly.
It was visually pleasing.
Once the curtains were completely drawn, the conductor raised and dropped his hand, and the performance started gently. Roxanne looked at the stage intently, her attention captured by the harmonious music.
Although Lucian was staring at the stage, his attention was on the woman next to him.
Watching as she listened to the music attentively, Lucian creased his brows, a touch of helplessness crossing his heart. According to Jonathan, watching a concert was the best time to do something that would bring them closer to each other. However, Roxanne was so absorbed in the performance that he couldn't just interrupt her abruptly.
Just as he was wondering what to do, someone tugged his suit from behind.
Lucian tumed back to look at the children.
“| want to drink some water, Mr. Farwell,” Benny whispered next to his ear.
Lucian nodded slightly and poured the boy a cup of water with the jug on the table.
Estella also requested Roxanne to do the same.
As most of Roxanne’s attention was still on the stage, she grabbed the jug without thinking upon hearing Estella’s request. To her surprise, a large hand suddenly covered hers before she could grab the jug.
Roxanne could obviously feel a pause in the movement of that hand. However, that hand didn’t move away even after a while.
There were only five people at the table, so it wasn’t hard to guess who that hand belonged to. Roxanne withdrew her gaze from the stage, then turned to look at Lucian warily.
When he met her eyes, Lucian regarded her apologetically before letting go of his hand.
a
He, too, was surprised when he suddenly touched her hand. However, it didn’t take long for him to realize the children were creating yet another opportunity for him.
Lucian found it amusing when he thought about the effort the children were putting in for him. to get closer to Roxanne. Thus, in order not to let their hard work go to waste, he didn’t let go of her hand for a long while.
The children’s eyes sparkled with joy when the adults touched each other.
However, they were disappointed when those hands moved away so quickly afterward. Pursing their lips, they stared at Roxanne’s back bitterly.
Estella had long since known that her father wanted to pursue Roxanne, while Archie and Benny had figured that out themselves. Knowing that their father wanted to pursue their mother again, they, too, tried to help.
Yet, the one thing they didn’t expect was how difficult it was for their father pursue their mother. Panic struck the children when they saw their mother looking at their father warily.
Roxanne had no idea that the children were all on Lucian’s side. She only found their accidental contact earlier a little odd. In fact, she even suspected that Lucian had done it on purpose.
However, she quickly abandoned that thought because, based on what she knew about his personality, he wouldn’t do something as awkward as that to chase after her.
She concluded in her mind that it was simply an accident. Suppressing the strange feeling in her heart, she poured Estella a cup of water and handed it to her. 
###Chapter 670
Chapter 670
When she turned back, Roxanne saw Lucian pouring two cups of water and putting one each in front of Archie and Benny.
She was puzzled. /s he doing that because they asked for it, or is it because he wants to relieve the awkwardness from earlier? Just as her mind was still in a chaotic mess, a cup of water suddenly appeared in front of her.
Roxanne came back to her senses and glanced at the person next to her.
Lucian smiled at her mysteriously, then retracted his hand from the cup and turned his attention back to the stage.
After staring at the cup with mixed emotions for a long while, Roxanne thanked him in a small voice. She felt apologetic because she believed she had misunderstood him earlier.
In order to show him that she didn’t hold a grudge, she took a sip of water from the cup he had given her. The children’s lips quirked up when they saw how the adults interacted. They thought Roxanne had lowered her guard. When the concert ended, Lucian and Roxanne left the auditorium with the children.
The darkness of night had descended upon the world when they stepped out of the building. Lights of various colors lit up around them, and the square was bustling with people. It was a lively sight.
“Mommy!” Benny pulled his mother’s hand.
Roxanne lowered her head and followed the direction he was pointing at with her eyes. There was a musical fountain not too far from them in the square. It was spraying water to the music, and plenty of children and adults were playing in the water.
Roxanne rarely took the children out at night, so it was their first time seeing that kind of fountain, and they were excited to play with it.
She had planned to return home right after the concert ended because she didn’t want to interact with Lucian too much. But after seeing how excited the children were, she couldn't bear to just leave.
“Let's play over there!” Benny had already turned his body in the direction of the fountain as he looked at Roxanne.
Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds before agreeing. Turning to Lucian, she said, “I'll bring the boys over there and let them play for a while. You can bring Essie back first, Mr. Farwell. I'll just call for a taxi later.”
She had thought Estella disliked crowded places and would obediently follow Lucian back.
To her surprise, the moment she finished her sentence, the girl pulled Lucian’s sleeve. “Daddy, | want to play too!”
Roxanne was slightly shocked to see Estella actively wanting to play at a place with many people.
Lucian simply patted the girl’s head and agreed. Then he met Roxanne’s eyes and said, “It’s rare for Essic to tell me directly where she wants to go and play, so I’m afraid | can’t do what you want, Ms. Jarvis.”
With that, he brought Estella and headed toward the fountain.
Roxanne stared at their backs in a daze. Estella seemed exceptionally happy. She was hopping in her princess dress as Lucian held her hand.
When they were halfway to the fountain, Estella lifted her head and said something to Lucian.
Roxanne saw Lucian nodding at the girl, then the girl let go of his hand and sprinted toward her. “Let’s go together, Ms. Jarvis!” Before Roxanne could react, Estella grabbed her by the hand and dragged her toward the fountain.
Archie and Benny urged her from behind, “Let’s go, Mommy!”
As they spoke, they had already run past her and arrived at the fountain. Then they started playing with each other. 
###Chapter 671
Chapter 671
Chapter 671 Hold Her Tighter
Roxanne returned to her senses and followed the children to the fountain.
There were plenty of adults playing with their children. The entire area was filled with the children’s laughter. When she saw the heartwarming scene in front of her, she couldn’t help but smile.
However, when she shifted her gaze to Lucian, she thought he didn’t fit in with the scenery at all.
The three children ran around while he stood emotionlessly at the side, allowing them to circle him as he stood still like a wooden pillar.
Roxanne shook her head with amusement. Then she approached the children and played with them. With her joining the children, the space around Lucian instantly became emptier.
The look in his eyes softened and his lips quirked up slightly as he watched the children play with her. “Mommy!”
“Ms. Jarvis!”
The children suddenly stopped and turned in her direction, confused.
At the sound of the children’s voices, Lucian frowned slightly, only to see Roxanne standing next to a water pump. She was completely wet and smiling as she stood there.
The children were initially shocked, but when they saw the smile on her face, they started giggling.
“Stupid Mommy!” Archie went over and pulled her aside.
Only then did she return to her senses.
The freezing water had caused her brain to short-circuit for a moment and her reaction to become slow.
In retrospect, she, too, found it funny when she realized how silly she had looked earlier as she watched the children giggling. Just as they were laughing on their bellies, a coat was draped over Roxanne’s body.
Sensing the sudden warmth, Roxanne pulled the coat on her body and only turned back at the thought of something.
She was stunned when she met his eyes.
“Thanks for the coat, Mr. Farwell,” she said awkwardly.
Seeing that she wanted to keep a distance from him, Lucian furrowed his eyebrows and said to the children, “You three play by yourselves for a while. Be careful not to get wet.”
The children nodded gladly and vigorously when they saw the two acting intimately.
Upon getting the assurance from the children, Lucian pushed Roxanne by the shoulders out of the fountain without giving her a chance to speak.
Roxanne tensed up when she noticed the two of them were getting too close to each other. Her attempt at escaping only made him hold her tighter.
“| can walk by myself. Please let me go, Mr. Farwell,” Roxanne said as calmly as she could as she scanned the surrounding.
As soon as she finished, she could feel Lucian glancing at her. In the next second, his deep voice rang out next to her ear. “Do you want other people to see how stupid you are, Ms. Jarvis? Even children wouldn’t get drenched in water. You were drenched but you didn’t know how to step away.”
Roxanne’s ears turned red. She wanted to explain that she had a brain freeze and couldn't react in time. However, thinking that the explanation would probably make her look even more stupid, she allowed Lucian to take her out of the crowd. 
###Chapter 672
Chapter 672
Chapter 672 A Troubled Look “Thank you.”
Finally, Lucian stopped and removed his hands from her shoulders. She promptly left his embrace and stood at the side while hugging her arms.
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he saw that she was so eager to leave his side. Suddenly, the atmosphere between them became somewhat awkward.
Roxanne didn’t expect to spend time alone with Lucian, so she couldn't help but panic a little. The only thing she could do was stare at the children in the distance to distract herself.
“Did you feel like you were forced to attend the concert today?” Lucian’s voice abruptly rang out in the air. Roxanne was stunned for a moment. She turned to look at him and saw the unfathomable look in his eyes.
He was frowning, and his expression seemed a little awkward. It was as if he had deliberated over his words for a long time before saying them.
Seeing that, Roxanne found herself feeling somewhat apologetic. Do | look like it?
Roxanne thought about how they had been interacting with each other throughout the day and had to admit that she had been overly wary of him.
Her expression softened, and with a smile, she said, “No. Seeing the children happy also makes me happy.”
Lucian pursed his lips, his eyes dark. “There’s no need to force yourself, Ms. Jarvis. You can tell me if you're tired. I’ve promised you | won't force you.”
Roxanne’s heart clenched. | can’t believe we still ended up talking about that even after | tried not to for the whole day. Indeed, he promised he wouldn't force me to do anything that night. He also said he hoped | wouldn't keep avoiding him and instead see him as a normal friend. Clearly, | failed at doing that today. In fact, | became even warier of him today. It’s all because | haven't made up my mind yet...
A troubled look slowly replaced the smile on her face.
Lucian looked away and uttered in a deep voice, “Since | made a promise to you, | will keep my word and give you time to think about it.”
Then he stopped speaking entirely. Roxanne furrowed her eyebrows as Madilyn’s words from yesterday echoed in her mind.
Madilyn said the person who wanted to chase after her love was Lucian—Archie and Benny's biological father and the person she liked very much six years ago.
It wasn’t because she hated him that she kept avoiding him. It was because she was worried about her children.
Roxanne still had no idea how she felt about Lucian.
If he can explain Aubree’s matter to me, then perhaps...
Noticing that her train of thought was going off the rails, Roxanne pinched her palm and forced herself to snap back to reality. | shouldn't think about nonsense like that.
After a long silence and seeing that Roxanne did not have anything to say to him, Lucian pursed his lips self-deprecatingly. “It's getting late. The children needs to go to school tomorrow. Let’s head back early.”
Hearing his voice made Roxanne tense up again, but she let out a sigh of relief when she heard what he said and nodded noncommittally.
Both of them approached the fountain, one after another. “Be careful.” Roxanne’s mind was still a mess, and she had walked toward a water pump absentmindedly again.
Suddenly, a big hand stretched out from her side and grabbed her arm firmly before pulling her away from the water pump. 
###Chapter 673
Chapter 673
Chapter 673 Flowers
Upon returning to her senses, Roxanne raised her head and saw Lucian beside her. She felt a pang of unknown guilt in her heart as she said, “Thank you...”
Instead of replying, he furrowed his eyebrows and didn’t let go of her wrist. She gently struggled to break free from his grip but to no avail. Instead, they attracted a lot of people’s attention.
Under the colorful lights, both of them looked astounding in formal attire. Lucian’s coat was draped over Roxanne’s white dress, and he was holding onto her wrist domineeringly. They looked like a prince and a princess who were escaping from somewhere.
“Sir.”
Just as she was going to say something to make him let go of her hand, they heard a child’s voice.
They stood still and stared in the direction where the voice came from.
Agirl in plain clothing was hugging a huge bouquet of flowers in front of them and staring at them with an innocent expression.
When the girl saw the two of them looking at her, she flashed a sweet smile. “How about you buy a bouquet of flowers for her, Sir?” She raised the flowers in her arms. “My flowers are very fresh and cheap! | swear!”
Lucian frowned, his instinct telling him that it was a scam.
However, Roxanne was already kneeling in front of the girl. With a grin, she patted the child’s head and asked softly, “Are you here selling flowers by yourself, little girl?”
The child shook her head and held the bouquet with one hand before pointing at a stall not too far away from their location. “Mommy's over there. | want Mommy to go home early.”
Roxanne’s heart softened. Just as she stood up and wanted to pull out her wallet from her bag, she realized her bag was left in the car. At that moment, she had no money on her.
The girl could tell she was interested in buying the flowers and was looking up at her with anticipation. Roxanne felt troubled. | know Lucian has money on him right now. If | ask him to, he'll definitely buy the flowers in the girl’s arms.
However, when she thought about that, her mind automatically reminded her of a past event that involved lots of roses. So she hesitated, fearing that Lucian would misunderstand her.
“No need to look.” Just as she was still wondering what to do, Lucian spoke.
Roxanne turned back and saw that Lucian had already pulled out his wallet when she was still hesitating. Without even asking for the price of the flower, he took out a stack of cash from his wallet and gave it to the girl.
As much as she wanted to help the girl, Roxanne thought he was acting like a spendthrift. Just as she wanted to stop him, the girl’s piping voice sounded.
“This is too much! | only need this much!”
With that, the girl carefully removed two bills from Lucian’s hand and gave the flowers to Roxanne with a sunny smile. “You can have these, Miss!”
Standing on her toes, the child placed the flowers in Roxanne’s embrace. Roxanne grabbed the flowers and watched as the girl ran back to her mother’s stall.
The girl’s mother smiled at them from afar after receiving the money from her. Roxanne returned a smile.
After the girl's mother looked away, Roxanne suddenly realized something. Does this... Did | just receive a bouquet of flowers from him? 
###Chapter 674
Chapter 674
Chapter 674 Win Over His Heart
Roxanne instinctively glanced at the man walking in front of her before lowering her gaze to look at the flowers in her arms. She hesitated about giving the flowers back to him.
However, before she could say anything, the three children came up to her. When they saw the flowers, they were elated.
“Mommy, where did you get the flowers? They look pretty, and they match you so well!” Benny praised despite knowing who had given his mother the flowers.
Awave of embarrassment washed over Roxanne at the boy’s question. Right as she was about to lean over to hand the flowers to Estella, she recalled that the man was still holding her wrist.
Evidently, that was something the children noticed as well.
Upon her realization, Roxanne began to turn red in her face. Nevertheless, she forced herself to smile calmly at the children as she discreetly flung her wrist to break free of the man’s grasp.
Yet, the man only tightened his grip. Roxanne frowned and turned to protest.
When Lucian met her eyes, he confessed, “Ms. Jarvis, you’re holding flowers, and I’m afraid you'll end up soaked again if you can’t see the road well. Don’t worry. Once we’re away from the fountain, I'll let you go.”
It was a subtle way of telling her that the flowers were meant for her.
When Roxanne heard that and glanced at the hand around her wrist again, the blush on her face slowly spread to her ears. The children were around, so there was nothing much she could say; she could only quietly let the man do as he pleased while she reassured herself that he was only holding her wrist.
Lucky for her, the children did not ask where the flowers came from again. “Are we going back now?” Archie, the sensible boy he was, asked.
Roxanne inclined her head. Before she could say anything, the man said, “It's getting late, and your mommy's drenched. If the temperature lowers later, she might catch a cold.”
Aworried look manifested on the children’s faces when they heard that. “Let’s hurry back then!” Lucian nodded and gestured for the children to follow him as he turned and left.
Roxanne was ill at ease, so she kept turning around to check on the children. Only when she saw that the children were right behind them did she let her heart lower back into her chest.
Hasso was still following Frieda in the crowd with a bitter smile on his face. Even though he could see that her expression was darkening every passing second, he dared not voice a word of protest at all.
They had not even had dinner as they stood outside the hall, waiting.
It took a long while before Roxanne and the others came out. When they finally did, Hasso thought that he and Frieda could finally leave. However, those people began playing at the square.
To him, they seemed happy.
On the other hand, Frieda’s frown only deepened.
She thought the most outrageous thing she would see was Roxanne and Estella wearing matching outfits. Yet, as it turned out, Lucian was treating Roxanne like she was his girlfriend.
The two were far more intimate than Frieda speculated. As a matter of fact, she was starting to suspect that Roxanne was going to win Lucian’s heart if Aubree did not act soon.
When she thought about how she would have to be respectful toward the pretentious woman in the future because of Lucian, she fumed. Nevertheless, there was no reason for her to make a move, so all she could do was take photos of everything she saw and angrily send them to Aubree.
She refused to believe that Aubree would be unfazed by the photos. 
###Chapter 675
Chapter 675
Chapter 675 Clear Explanation Roxanne had no idea that Frieda had been spying on them the whole day.
After entering the car, Roxanne and the children sat back in their original seats. As Roxanne sat in the front passenger seat and hugged the flowers Lucian had bought earlier, a strange feeling entered her heart.
The flowers she received this time were far more ordinary than the roses Lucian used to send her every day. Yet, Roxanne was much more touched by it than previously.
Meanwhile, the children were clearly tired. Not long after they entered the car and chatted, they fell silent. Lucian glanced at them through the rearview mirror and saw that the children were all slumping, asleep in their child car seats.
The woman beside him seemed to be a little in a daze as well. She was leaning against the chair, staring outside. He wondered what she was thinking about.
At that, Lucian slowed down, for he wanted them to sleep better.
Roxanne could sense him slowing down the car, and at that moment, she felt that living her life like that was good too. The incident that happened six years ago was already in the past, and the two children she raised turned out fine. Furthermore, the children’s curiosity about their father was getting stronger and stronger.
In the past, Roxanne was terrified of Lucian snatching the children away from her if he were to find out about the children’s birth circumstances.
However, his actions were making her become more and more at ease.
Madilyn’s advice rang in her head repeatedly.
Despite Roxanne’s reluctance to admit it, she had to eventually face her wavering stance.
It was a silent journey.
After a period of time, the car came to a slow stop outside Roxanne’s house.
Lucian then turned to the woman, thinking that she was asleep.
She was not, to his surprise, but she seemed so lost in her thoughts she did not even realize they had reached her home. Lucian’s eyes darkened, and he could not stop himself from asking, “What are you thinking about?”
Roxanne had been daydreaming since she entered the car, and Lucian was curious as to what matter she could possibly think so long about.
The man’s voice snapped Roxanne back to her senses, and she instinctively answered, “Nothing.”
Lucian could hear the hesitance in her voice, and the look in his eyes darkened even more as he gloomily stared at her. “You were thinking about it the entire way back here.”
Only at his reminder did Roxanne realize that the car had stopped.
Lucian’s gaze was intense; it felt like he was staring right into her soul.
“Am | related to what you're thinking about?” he guessed as he continued to study her expression. Right as those words left his mouth, Roxanne’s face paled, and a flash of panic crossed her eyes. It looks like I’ve hit the nail on the head.
Realizing that, Lucian softened his grimace, delight thrumming through his veins.
Although he did not know what she was thinking about, at the very least, it was something about him. It meant that his efforts of the past few days had not been for naught.
Lucian showed none of those thoughts on his face and went on, “Ms. Jarvis, have you realized whether or not I’m serious about courting you?”
At that, Roxanne subconsciously turned to look at the children, fearing that they would overhear their conversation and come to another misunderstanding.
“Don't worry. They're sound asleep,” Lucian reassured when he sensed her panic. Undeniably, the children showed no signs of waking.
Roxanne let out a sigh of relief before looking at the man. After mentally preparing herself, she said with faked calmness, “Before | answer your question, | think you should tell me about Ms. Pearson.” 
###Chapter 676
Chapter 676
Her words made Lucian frown as he grimly gazed at her to study her.
If he did not mishear what she said, that meant that Roxanne was starting to waver in her stance. Roxanne blinked when her eyes met Lucian’s Then, she averted her gaze with false calmness.
Amoment later, Lucian’s deep voice sounded out beside her ear. “I’ve never liked her romantically, and I'll never marry her. That’s why there’s nothing for me to explain to you.”
At that, shock flashed past Roxanne’s eyes. If this were to happen six years ago, she would never expect to hear this from Lucian. He never liked Aubree romantically? How can that be?
She could still remember how Lucian had announced that he would only marry Aubree and no one else six years ago. In fact, he did not even mind resorting to emotional abuse to make her leave.
If he’s saying this now, then what about what happened six years ago? Lucian’s eyes were on her, so he saw all of the emotions that appeared on her face.
When he noticed her shock, he frowned. Knowing what she was thinking about, he apologized in a low voice, “What happened six years ago was my fault. You can blame me for it, and | won't have a word of complaint.”
That only rendered Roxanne even more stunned and speechless. She never thought she would hear Lucian apologizing for what happened six years ago.
“You “A beat later, Roxanne found her voice again. “You don’t need to do this. | told you that we can think of each other as strangers, and we won't owe each other anything.”
“But | don’t plan for us to be just strangers,” Lucian interrupted, his forehead creasing. Roxanne, too, was frowning as she kept her gaze lowered in silence.
Nevertheless, Lucian continued to speak as he stared at her face. “I’m honest with you because, like you, | have a question to ask. | hope you'll be as frank as | was.”
Hearing him, Roxanne lifted her head to give him a bemused look.
In the next second, the man’s voice rang in her ear.
“What relationship do you have with Larry?”
Larry Morrison had always been a thorn in his side.
Every time he saw Larry, he was reminded of the times Larry and Roxanne met in private.
Furthermore, the few times he saw them together, they seemed close.
Larry even knew about Lucian’s relationship with Roxanne. How close are they for Roxanne to tell him about our relationship? Roxanne was stunned for a moment before her brows started to creep toward each other as a solemn look showed in her eyes.
“I've already told you many times that Larry and | are just friends. He lent me a helping hand many times during the most difficult time in my life. Mr. Farwell, please don’t ask questions like these anymore. Your questions are only troubling Larry and me!”
Lucian had already asked Roxanne many times about her relationship with Larry, and by then, Roxanne was already getting frustrated by his fervent questions.
She thought that Lucian would leave it at that after her explanation. Yet, without any hesitation, he went on, “What about Jack? What relationship do you have with him?”
Roxanne was dumbstruck, for she did not know why Lucian was asking her that. | haven't known Jack for long. What makes him think that there’s something between us? With that thought in mind, Roxanne gave him a puzzled look. At the same time, she noticed that he looked serious about it.
He was genuinely worried about her being romantically involved with Jack. 
###Chapter 677
Chapter 677
“Mr. Damaris and I...” Roxanne began to explain, but noises suddenly came from behind them. It sounded like the children had woken up.
Thus, Roxanne cut herself off and turned around to look at them. Benny, who had woken up at one point, was rubbing his eyes groggily. After a while, the boy slowly lowered his hand and squinted at his mother. “Mommy...”
Roxanne gave a quick glance at the man beside her as she tamped down the rising feelings in her heart. Once she recomposed herself, she flashed the boy a smile,
“Are we home?” Benny sat up and sprawled at the window to look outside. When he saw the familiar mansion, he asked his mother in a confused tone, “Why didn’t you wake us?”
Roxanne was reminded of her earlier conversation with Lucian, and guilt settled in her stomach. “We just got here | was about to wake you, but you woke up on your own.”
The boy was not entirely sober yet, so he did not dwell much on Roxanne’s reply. He turned to carefully nudge his brother and woke him up.
The noise woke Estella as well, who looked around in a daze, unable to figure out where she was for a moment. The awakening of the children signaled the temporary end of Roxanne and Lucian’s conversation.
Roxanne then turned back to Lucian and said, “Thank you for sending us back, Mr. Farwell. It’s getting late, so | won't invite you in for a drink anymore.”
With that, she opened the door and stepped out of the car before carrying the children out from the back seats.
The night breeze was chilly. Although the heater was on in the car, Roxanne’s clothes were still wet. Hence, she could not stop the shudder from going through her body when the wind blew at her.
Both Archie and Benny shuddered from the cold as well. They quickly hugged their arms and stood at the side
When Estella saw the boys getting carried away by Roxanne, she stretched her arms out at the woman. “I want to go with Ms. Jarvis too!”
The girl was still sleepy, and she sensed nothing of the strange tension in the car. All she did was express the thoughts that flashed past her mind.
The moment Roxanne, who was about to close the car door, heard her, she froze in her tracks. A stumped look crept upon her face. “Be good, Essie, and go back with Daddy. | have some work to do later, so | won’t be able to take care of you.”
The collaboration with the Damaris family was already on the right track, and Roxanne had to put all of her focus on the project. Her schedule for that night was to read up a little more about ancient medicine.
If she were to let Estella stay with her, it would undoubtedly disrupt her plans.
It was a hard choice. Despite the ache in Roxanne’s heart, she rejected the girl.
After all, they had more chances to spend time with each other, but Roxanne only had one chance to work with the Damaris family.
The girl’s eyes were still watery from her grogginess, and she took some time to register Roxanne’s rejection. A few seconds later, she pouted and stated, “I can take care of myself.”
It had been forever since she got the chance to sleep with Roxanne.
Roxanne felt even more helpless at the girl's pitiful look. Hence, she turned to seek help from Lucian. “I have to prep for the collaboration with the Damaris family later, so | really don’t have the time for her.”
Just as she said that, the man’s expression darkened. Roxanne’s heart lurched, recalling their conversation before the children woke. Clearly, the man was annoyed by her mention of the Damaris family.
Roxanne never thought that Lucian would be so concerned about her relationship with Jack. 
###Chapter 678
Chapter 678
Chapter 678 Estella pouted and was visibly upset. “I can play with the boys. | don’t need you taking care of me, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne felt a pounding headache when the little girl insisted on staying. She decided to try a different approach and said softly, “Why don’t you come another day, Essie? | will surely accompany you by then. | really don’t have the time today.”
When the little girl was about to say something, Lucian suddenly voiced, “Essie, Ms. Jarvis told you she’s busy. Don’t disturb her further.”
As Roxanne had mentioned the Damaris family just now, his tone was rather clipped.
Estella was shocked by her father’s icy tone. She widened her eyes innocently and dared not say anything else as she gave Roxanne puppy dog eyes.
The cold wind roused Archie and Benny from their grogginess. Likewise, they were taken aback by their father’s tone. The two boys exchanged glances with each other. We'd better not piss Daddy off in the future. He’s so fierce!
Roxanne disapproved of Lucian’s stern manner and furrowed her brows in response. “Essie is still young. Don’t vent your frustration on her, and be more mindful of your tone.”
Lucian felt incredulous listening to her. She was the one seeking my help, and now when | help her out, she’s commenting on my tone instead? Estella knew that Roxanne was backing her up and immediately nodded in agreement as she huffed at her father.
Noticing the two uniting against him, Lucian massaged his temples and tried to suppress his anger. He toned down and said, “Quit messing around. Ms. Jarvis is still dripping wet. She’s going to catch a cold if she stays outside any longer. Essie, say goodbye to Ms. Jarvis and close the door behind you.”
Lucian knew how to make his daughter listen after all.
As expected, Estella hesitated when she heard Lucian saying that Roxanne might catch a cold. She relented and waved goodbye to Roxanne. “Hurry up and go on inside, Ms. Jarvis. | will come to play with Archie, Benny, and you some other time.”
Roxanne let out a relieved sigh. She smiled and nodded at the little girl. “You're so thoughtful, Essie.”
Archie and Benny immediately huddled together near the car window when they heard that Essie was leaving and said, “We're going to take you skateboarding next week!”
Estella’s eyes glinted, and she nodded enthusiastically. She waved at them and was about to close the car door.
Before she closed the door, however, Lucian’s voice rang again. There was a hint of displeasure in his voice. “Essie, pass Ms. Jarvis her stuff.”
Estella appeared lost and looked around the car. Then, she noticed the bouquet of flowers on the passenger seat.
The little girl pursed her lips when she noticed that Roxanne had left the flowers behind. She fetched the flowers and presented them to Roxanne. “You forgot your flowers, Ms. Jarvis!”
Roxanne was stumped at the sight of the flowers.
Lucian had not made it clear that the flowers were for her. In fact, she did not intend to receive any flowers from the man. Hence, she left the flowers on the passenger seat when she got out of the car just now
Roxanne did not expect that the man would use such a way to let her know that the flowers were intended for her. Conflicting emotions welled up in her as the pang of realization hit her.
Noticing that Roxanne had not taken the flowers, Estella nudged the bouquet forward and called out, “Ms. Jarvis?” 
###Chapter 679
Chapter 679
Roxanne had only snapped out of her own thoughts and took over the bouquet of flowers because of the girl’s voice She glanced at the man before her and muttered softly, “Thank you”
The little girl beamed sweetly when Roxanne accepted the flowers Nevertheless, Lucian remained impassive and urged Estella, “Close the door We should head back now” Estella nodded and reached out to close the door
“Mr Farwell, Essie is still a child Please be more gentle when you talk to her” Roxanne could not stop herself from reminding Lucian again
After spending more time with the father and daughter duo, Roxanne realized that even though Lucian was meticulous in caring for the little girl, his tone was sometimes too harsh on her
Roxanne’s boys would even get startled by his stern tone sometimes, not to mention Estella, who needed more attentive care
She had only reminded him out of goodwill Yet, she got a rather ambiguous reply from the man “Essie doesn’t need me to be more gentle. She needs a mother If you're truly worried about her, why don’t you reconsider what I’ve said?”
Roxanne’s face st.ffened slightly. She cast a glance at Estella, who had overheard their conversation
The little girl cocked her head to one side and blinked in confusion, pretending as if she did not understand a single thing. Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief. Nonetheless, she still did not know how to reply to him.
“Essie, close the door” Lucian did not expect her to reply and asked the little girl to close the door.
Roxanne took a step backward with Archie and Benny. After the door was closed, Lucian slowly drove away
Roxanne stood grounded even when the car was already out of sight as she kept replaying Lucian’s words.n her head
He said he wouldn't force me against my will, yet he said something like that right in front of Estella Roxanne reckoned that he was still mad about her and Jack’s relationship.
Well, | did run right into the line of fire. That gave her a headache. “Mommy, let's go in!” Archie and Benny recalled Lucian’s words and were afraid that their mother might catch a cold
Roxanne snapped out of her thoughts and nodded at her kids before bringing them into the mansion.
The boys urged her to take a hot shower after they got back home
In the meantime, on the way back to the Farwell residence, Estella sat in her child car seat and pursed her lips into a thin hard line as she stared at the back of Lucian’s head.
Lucian could feel Estella’s burning gaze on the back of his head. He furrowed his brows and asked, “What's wrong? Weren't you all right just now?”
Noticing that her father was finally talking to her, Estella said in a huff, “Why were you so stern toward Ms. Jarvis? She's going to run away if you keep doing that!”
Lucian frowned in response. He could not help but notice how much Estella resembled Roxanne in her mannerism. After all, Roxanne had also reminded him to be more gentle toward Estella. This mother-and-daughter duo really does have each other's backs, huh?
“No. | just want her to reconsider my offer. I’ve only said it like that so that she'll take it seriously,” Lucian explained. He was feeling rather exasperated with himself. 
###Chapter 680
Chapter 680
At the Pearson residence, a sulking Aubree locked herself in her room.
She was so pissed off about the photos Frieda had sent her in the afternoon that she had no appetite for dinner She did not expect to receive more photos from Frieda when she was about to sleep.
In the photos, the man, whom Aubree could not get to meet no matter what she did, was doing all sorts of service for Roxanne putting his jacket on her, buying her flowers, and holding her wrist
The two looked just like a couple in love
Rage burned in Aubree as she looked at the photos
They were practically disregarding her position as Lucian’s fiancée
If word got out, not only would she be utterly humiliated, but her dream to become Mrs Farwell would also be shattered A vicious look crept over Aubree’s face when she thought of that.
“That b*tch’ Why did she even come back?”
She shot up from her bed and flung the things on the table to the ground.
Downstairs, G.ra was just worrying about her daughter. Earlier, when she noticed that Aubree did not come downstairs for dinner, she had knocked on the latter’s door but gotten no response. Now, upon hearing the
cice coming from the second floor, she hurried upstairs to check on Aubree. “Aubree, what's wrong? What's making you so upset?”
Gina tapped on the door frantically.
This time, Aubree opened the door immediately.
Gina had no idea what was going on as she looked at Aubree, who stood by the door with a grim expression. “What’s wrong? Tell me about it.”
Without saying anything, Aubree returned inside and sat on her bed Gina went in after her Right when she walked up to the bed, she saw the unlocked phone beside Aubree’s hand
Its screen showed a few photos, which Gina assumed was the reason for Aubree’s outburst.
At that realization, Gina glanced at Aubree before carefully taking the latter’s phone to check the photos. When she saw Lucian and Roxanne together in every single photo and how close they were, her face clouded over
“What's going on? How did Lucian end up hanging out with this woman again?”
Irritated, Aubree punched the bed without a word
Gina looked at her daughter's face again, only to find that it was now tear—streaked.
Clearly, Aubree was livid at the two pictured in the photos,
“Why didn’t you tell me about such a major matter earlier?” Gina was heartbroken and enraged at the same time
It was only then that Aubree spoke. “What's the point of telling you? | came up with so many ways before, but | still failed to stop them from getting together!”
At the thought of how her previous efforts were all in vain, Aubree felt even more aggrieved.
On the other hand, Gina was exasperated to see her daughter so upset. “That woman is so shameless! She knows Lucian is engaged, yet she keeps on clinging to him. Even though they were married before, they have already divorced! She left him so resolutely back then. What is she trying to do now?”
Aubree knitted her brows and said glumly, “What's the point of talking about this now? If this goes on, that b*tch will become his wife again! By then, | will be a nobody and a laughing stock!”
Aubree felt even more furious when that thought occurred to her, and she couldn’t help but shed tears of frustration.
Feeling distressed, Gina exclaimed, “No way! We cannot let her remarry him. Otherwise, all our efforts in the past years will be useless. We have to do something!” 
###Chapter 681
Chapter 681
Aubree had the same thoughts as Gina.
“But what else can we do now?” the former asked with a frown.
From the photos, it was clear that Lucian was very intimate with Roxanne.
Gina pondered for a while before saying, “We have to proceed with your marriage before they completely reconcile.”
Aubree’s face darkened further. She obviously knew that, but she didn’t know how to achieve that goal. Gina’s words were of no help to her.
Oblivious to what Aubree was thinking, Gina continued racking her brain.
After a while, the latter spoke again. “No matter what, we can’t let them continue meeting like this. You have to stay beside Lucian so that he has no chance to meet that woman.”
“| do want to do that, but Lucian has been ignoring me recently. | can’t even get close to him! How will | replace that wretched woman?” Aubree complained while sniffling.
Gina glanced at Aubree. “Who says you can’t meet him just because he’s ignoring you? How about you move into his house? That way, he'll be forced to spend time with you all the time even if he doesn’t want to see you. By then, all you need is some tricks to make him get over that woman.”
Aubree was still hesitant. “Move into his house? Will he let that happen? Even before that woman returned to the country, he forbade me from sleeping over at his house, not to mention now. So there’s no way he'll let me move in there!”
Hearing that, Gina frowned.
For a moment, the mother and daughter sat in silence with troubled expressions.
“If he won't let you do that, we'll think of a way to make him agree!” Gina uttered coldly after some time. Seeing how confident her mother was, Aubree was perplexed.
Gina threw her a glance and took her phone, ordering, “Come with me.”
Afterward, she walked out of the room without waiting for Aubree’s reaction.
The latter hesitated for a while before standing up and following Gina to the study.
Samuel was working inside when he suddenly heard a few knocks on the door. “Come in,” he said. Soon, his wife and daughter entered the room.
At the sight of their sullen faces, Samuel frowned and put down the documents in his hand. “What’s wrong?” Not knowing what her mother was up to, Aubree stood behind Gina dejectedly.
As for Gina, she placed the phone before Samuel. “Take a look for yourself.”
Samuel threw her a dubious look. Then, he lowered his head and checked the phone. Just like Gina, he put on a grim face when he saw the photos.
“Why is this woman still with Lucian?”
He looked up at Aubree, feeling sorry for what she was going through.
Aubree remained silent with red-rimmed eyes.
“If we want her gone from his side, we have to come together and put on an act. As long as we get Aubree to move into Lucian’s house, it will be over for Roxanne,” Gina claimed seriously.
Aubree and Samuel were both puzzled at her words. “Put on an act? How?” Acold glint flashed across Gina’s eyes as she waved the two of them over.
With that, they huddled together and listened to Gina’s plan. 
###Chapter 682
Chapter 682
That same night, Sonya was preparing to go to bed when Gina called her.
Right after she picked up the call, she heard Gina sniffling from the other end of the line and Samuel's shouts in the background. “Gina, what's wrong? Did you argue with Samuel?” Sonya asked out of concern.
Gina looked at the father—-daughter duo, who was acting at the side. Then, she took a deep breath and choked out, “Samuel is angry at Aubree. | think you should hurry and come over. Aubree won't listen to any of us right now, but maybe you can get through to her.”
Sonya frowned and listened carefully. Indeed, she could hear Aubree’s sobs in the background.
Because of the car accident before, Sonya was very considerate toward Aubree. Upon hearing the latter crying, she felt her heart clench. “Calm down and talk to me properly. What happened? What made them so worked up?”
“It's all because of...” Gina stopped her sentence midway as if she was reluctant to speak. She then sighed loudly and continued, “You should just come over.”
Anxious, Sonya questioned, “Why are you keeping things from me? Aubree will become my daughter-in-law sooner or later. You can tell me everything.”
Gina paused for a few seconds before saying bitterly, “It’s because of her engagement with Lucian. Samuel thinks that Aubree should just cancel the engagement and let Lucian go since he doesn’t seem to like her, but Aubree won't listen. She even claimed that she’d marry no one else but Lucian. That's how they started arguing.”
Gina’s story sounded so convincing that it made Sonya feel apologetic.
In the end, Lucian was at fault here. Not only did he make Aubree wait for so many years, but he also left her hanging and disregarded her feelings for him.
After finding out that Aubree even had a disagreement with Samuel because of this matter, Sonya was more determined to give her fair treatment.
“Aubree is right. | also to canceling the engagement. She has waited for Lucian for so many years. Of course, he has to take responsibility for her. Gina, calm them down first. I'll ask Lucian to go there If all else fails, Aubree can stay in our house for a couple of days so she and her father can cool off.”
Right after Sonya said that, she heard the muffled sound of something falling to the ground on the other end. Her heart instantly sank, and she couldn’t help but worry for Aubree.
It seemed like Gina was also surprised. It was only after a moment of silence that she answered, “I... I'll try.”
After hanging up the phone, Sonya called Lucian immediately.
At the Farwell residence, Lucian had just tucked Estella in and walked out of her room when his phone rang. Upon seeing the caller ID and recalling how Sonya had recently been so insistent about him marrying Aubree, he rubbed his temples. He only answered the phone after a few more rings.
Right away, Sonya’s voice sounded in his ears. “Aubree had an argument with her father. I’m not sure what's going on now, but you should go and check.”
Lucian frowned at that. “That’s their business. It’s not appropriate for me to go there.”
“Aubree went against her father because of you. Do you expect me to go there instead at this time of night? Besides, it sounded like he was being violent. | won't be able to stop him if | go there. You should go there, at least for the sake of Aubree’s safety. She has just recovered, so she can’t afford to get hurt again!” Sonya
chided. 
###Chapter 683
Chapter 683
Lucian was about to reject Sonya, but she cut the call before he could do so.
For a moment, he stood there in silence with a scowl.
Then, he kept his phone and headed downstairs.
Although he was unwilling to obey his mother, he had no choice but to do so after hearing what she told him. “Mr. Farwell?” Catalina called out tentatively when she saw Lucian heading out at such a late hour.
Lucian gave her a nod. “I need to go somewhere for a while. Make sure to check on Essie from time to time.” Catalina nodded and watched him leave the mansion.
Half an hour later, Lucian appeared before the Pearson residence and pressed on the doorbell.
He presumed he would have to wait for a while since the people inside were quarreling.
To his surprise, the door was opened almost immediately.
“Lucian, what brings you here?” Gina looked surprised and a bit uneasy to see Lucian. “It’s late already, so | won't ask you to come in-”
At that moment, the sound of glass shattering came from the house, followed by Samuel's roar. “Since you're so stubborn, then get out of here! Don’t stay in the Pearson residence. | don’t know you!”
A troubled look flashed across Gina’s face. She acted like she was about to close the door and said, “I suppose you heard that. Samuel is arguing with Aubree. You should hurry and leave.”
That was precisely the reason Lucian came. Naturally, he couldn’t leave after hearing how severe the situation was. “| know. My mom asked me to come and check on you all,” he admitted. “Please let me in.”
With that, he took a few steps forward, intending to enter the house.
Gina hesitated for a moment. Finally, she stepped aside and let him in.
As she watched Lucian climb the stairs, a sly look fleeted across her eyes. Leisurely, she followed him upstairs. The two of them came to a stop before the study.
The door was wide open, and it was a mess inside. Books, pens, and pieces of a shattered vase littered the floor Aubree stood in the corner, her stubborn face wet with tears.
Meanwhile, Samuel stood behind the study table and glared at her. “How many times have | told you? Had you listened to me, you wouldn't have ended up like this! Lucian-”
“Samuel!” Gina hurriedly stepped out from behind Lucian. “Stop talking. Lucian is here!”
Samuel's angry expression remained unchanged as he turned to the door. Upon meeting Lucian’s gaze, he furrowed his brows and stayed quiet
Aubree also looked up She was surprised to see Lucian actually standing there, but she quickly got ahold of herself and turned her face to the side, wiping her tears miserably
“Lucian, why did you come here at this time?” Samuel cleared his throat and questioned gloomily.
Glancing at Aubree, Lucian scrunched his brows. “Mr. Pearson, my mom told me that you and Aubree are arguing, so | came over. What happened?”
Samuel glowered at Aubree and rubbed his temples, explaining, “It’s nothing serious. It’s just about your engagement. | noticed that there was no progress between you two after so many years, so | advised her to give up. Yet, she won't listen.”
Aubree and Gina looked quite embarrassed about how easily Samuel brought up the topic. Lucian was also slightly surprised.
Before, the Pearson family did almost everything they could to proceed with this marriage. What are they up to now? 
###Chapter 684
Chapter 684
“No! | waited for Lucian for six years. Why should | cancel our engagement?” Aubree protested with teary eyes, making sure to look at Lucian pitifully after speaking.
Lucian frowned again when he met her eyes. If this were a typical day, he would surely make things clear with the Pearson family. However, he couldn’t do so now since they got into such a big argument because of the matter.
Meanwhile, Samuel's anger barely dissipated when he heard Aubree’s words. He slammed the table furiously and yelled, “If you don’t cancel it, get out of this house! Don’t come back until you come back to your senses. Get out!”
Following that, Samuel strode out of the study with a steely face. As he passed by Lucian, he gave the latter a nod. With knitted brows, Lucian watched Samuel leave. In the study, Aubree continued to sob.
Gina looked at her husband and then at her daughter. Feeling lost about who she should persuade first, she turned to Lucian in the end. “Lucian, uh... | don’t think Samuel will calm down anytime soon. Could you bring Aubree to your place for a couple of days?”
As if worried that Lucian would not agree, she added carefully, “I know you also have something to say about the engagement. After Samuel calms down, we'll have a talk. Don’t worry. Aubree will not make trouble.”
Aubree remained silent, still sniffling.
Never in Lucian’s dreams did he expect to find himself in such a situation.
Upon hearing Gina mention the engagement, he contemplated for a while and finally agreed. “I got it.” Afterward, he looked at Aubree. “Come with me.”
Aubree and Gina were elated to see him give in so soon, but they forced themselves to remain calm.
Not only that, Aubree pretended to be hesitant as she stayed in her spot for some time. In the end, she slowly walked over to Lucian.
“Stay with Lucian for a few days for now. I’ll talk to your dad. When he calms down, I'll go and fetch you.” Gina appeared to be very concerned about her daughter. Her eyes even reddened while she spoke.
In response, Aubree nodded tearfully.
After giving Gina a nod, Lucian led Aubree out of the Pearson residence.
Gina walked them out and watched the two leave in Lucian’s car.
When the car disappeared from Gina’s sight, the bitter look on her face was replaced with a smug smile.
Samuel came downstairs just then, his countenance void of anger.
“Have they left?” he asked, cautiously peeking outside. Gina nodded gleefully.
Their plan was to have Samuel kick Aubree out of the house during their fake argument. Then, they would ask Sonya for help and prompt the latter to send Lucian over.
With Aubree being thrown out of the house, Lucian—no matter how unwilling he was—would have to take her in. She was no stranger, after all.
To their surprise, the plan went smoothly. Now, it was all up to Aubree.
They could only hope that she would grab this chance to earn a spot in Lucian’s heart and officially move into his house. That way, she would truly become his wife.
As Samuel and Gina pictured the day their plan would succeed, anticipation was written all over their faces. 
###Chapter 685
Chapter 685
Chapter 685 On the other end, Lucian and Aubree left the Pearson residence together.
As Aubree sat in the passenger seat, she did not stop putting on an elaborate show of sobbing and wiping her tears away in hopes of getting Lucian’s attention.
While Lucian did notice the weeping woman next to him, he had no intention of saying anything.
After all, he already knew the reason why Aubree fought with Samuel. If he were to say anything more, he was worried about making Aubree cry harder.
It wasn’t long before Aubree noticed that all her weeping and sobbing had no effect on Lucian, who did not even have any kind words to offer to her. She gradually calmed down and stopped sobbing, turning away to look out the window in disappointment.
Upon noticing the scenery outside, Aubree’s expression changed abruptly. Her voice still thick from crying, she turned around and asked, “Lucian, it’s already so late. Aren’t we going back home?”
Lucian merely sat there impassively as he replied, “I've booked you a room for two nights.” He was implying that he had no intention of bringing her back to the Farwell residence at all.
Having heard this, Aubree suddenly felt as though a bucket of cold water had been dumped over her. Determined to stand up for herself, she queried, “Will | be staying there alone?”
Lucian merely raised a brow and grunted in response.
According to Gina, Aubree only needed to stay away for a brief period of time. Him arranging a hotel stay for her was effectively a nod to the Pearson family’s kindness to him in days past.
At his affirmation, Aubree’s expression froze. She was unable to say anything for a while. When she left the Pearson residence earlier, she and her parents had thought that things were going according to plan.
Alas, she had made an error. While Lucian had agreed to take her away, he never promised to bring her to the Farwell residence. She did not expect him to have booked a hotel room for her, though.
What on earth is this? Am | somehow unable to book a hotel room for myself if | wanted?
The very thought made anger burn deep in Aubrey’s heart, but she could not let it show. All she could do was suppress her temper to the best of her ability and seethe in silence.
Very soon, Lucian’s car pulled into the driveway of a five-star hotel.
Lucian opened the door first and stepped out. To his surprise, however, Aubree remained seated in the car. He could not tell what she was thinking.
“We've arrived,” came Lucian’s deep voice.
This shook Aubree out of her reverie. After forcing a grateful smile at him, she turned around and exited the
vehicle.
The moment Aubree’s back was to him, her expression became gloomy.
One after the other, they entered the hotel.
Lucian had booked her a three-day stay in the presidential suite. After confirming their arrival, he gave her the keycard and spun around to leave.
Unexpectedly, Aubree started to sniffle again.
Arching a brow, Lucian impatiently turned around to look at the woman behind him before asking, “Is there anything else?”
Aubree looked up at him timidly and hesitated to speak. A while later, she mumbled, “I don’t really like sleeping in hotels. It’s also really late, and I’m scared of being alone.” With pleading eyes, she continued, “Can you escort me upstairs?”
Hearing this, Lucian gave her the once over warily but could not discern anything out of the ordinary. He also reckoned that since she had just fought with Samuel, it was not unusual for her to be in low spirits. As such, he said, “Let's go.”
Seeing that he agreed, Aubree flashed him a smile with some difficulty. Timidly, she put her head down again and tailed after him from behind.
Out of his sight, a sly look flashed past Aubree’s eyes. The two then walked in single file toward the elevator. Throughout the ride up, Aubree did not utter a single syllable.
Lucian had been busy the whole day. Given how tired he was, he was frowning and starting to let his mind go blank. 
###Chapter 686
Chapter 686
Chapter 686 As the elevator approached the top floor, the doors slowly opened.
Lucian immediately returned to his senses. Upon stepping out of the elevator, the sight of the dimly lit corridor made him frown a little.
Aubree quietly followed him from behind.
When they arrived at the doorway, Lucian inserted the keycard and opened the door for her. He stopped and looked at her indifferently, waiting for her to enter the room herself.
Aubree paused, turning to look at the person beside her. She was silently asking why he was not going inside.
“You'll have to make do with this for the next few days. I'll try to talk things through with Mr. Pearson. Maybe | can make him calm down and see reason,” said Lucian coldly. He had deliberately turned a blind eye to her questioning expression.
Having heard this, Aubree became visibly crestfallen. “Lucian, have you really not figured out why | argued with my dad? Is that all you have to say to me?”
Lucian’s expression remained as mild as it was before. “You're not going to want to hear what | have to say right now. | suggest getting some rest and not overthinking things.”
After saying this, Lucian turned around and left. Aubree already looks slightly unhinged. I’m not sure what she’s going to do if | stay on.
Lucian did not want to cause any more of a scene than necessary only because of the kindness the Pearsons had once shown him and the fact Aubree had just been kicked. out of the house.
However, he barely managed to walk two steps when he felt someone grab his clothes from behind. Lucian could feel his heart sink. Maintaining the same impassive attitude, he turned around and said, “Let go!”
“| won't let go! Lucian, I’m scared! Won't you stay and keep me company?” Aubree’s face was a mix of pleading and determination as she continued, “At the end of the day, we’re still engaged! Nobody is going to bat an eyelid if you stay!”
“What nonsense are you blabbering now?” hissed Lucian angrily. “Aubree, let me go. while | still have a measure of calm. I’m warning you!”
Aubree could not care less anymore. In the face of Lucian’s rage, she still refused to back down. Instead, she became emboldened and tugged at the hem of his clothes to close the gap between them. With her eyes shut, she leaned in to kiss him.
The disgust that Lucian felt at this moment was practically tangible. Just as she was about to meet his lips, he shoved Aubree away.
With her eyes still shut, Aubree was caught off guard as she was abruptly pushed away. She staggered back a few steps before falling to the ground in a daze.
“Have you lost your mind?” The chill in Lucian’s voice was quite terrifying to hear.
Aubree merely sat on the ground, taking a while to return to her senses. With bloodshot eyes, she looked at him and said, “I-I love you, Lucian! | was kicked out of the house because of you, but you brought me to a hotel? Have you ever considered my feelings?”
Unmoved, Lucian glanced at her. “You'd better not have any thoughts you shouldn’t have. Did you think we’d still have a future after what you did to Essie? You should know better!” Her voice was shaky when she replied, “I’ve already apologized about Estella-”
Lucian cut her short impatiently. “I'll pretend that this never happened today. However, | do hope that nothing like this ever happens again in the future!”
Without giving Aubree the chance to respond, Lucian left swiftly. Lucian’s indifferent and cold attitude had tears filling Aubree’s eyes as the desperation in her heart soared to new heights.
She had thought that Lucian was going to take her back to the Farwell residence and that they could become even more intimate.
However, Lucian had brought her to a hotel instead and said very plainly what he thought. They no longer had a future together!
Thinking of this, Aubree found it hard to breathe. 
###Chapter 687
Chapter 687
Aubree watched as the elevator slowly descended to the ground floor. The moment it came to a stop, Aubree dusted herself off and went back to her room.
She was not aware of how long she had been sitting in a daze when her phone suddenly rang, breaking her out of reverie.
Aubree immediately returned to her senses as she glanced at the caller ID. It was her mother calling, and it did not take long for her to figure out what the call was for.
The phone continued to ring, but Aubree had no intention of picking up. All she could do was watch helplessly as the screen kept flashing before everything went quiet.
Shortly after, the phone rang again. This continued for a while before Aubree finally picked up out of annoyance.
“Aubree, why didn’t you answer the phone? What’s happened? Are you not at his place yet?” As soon as Aubree picked up, Gina’s concemed voice filled her ear.
Mockery flashed on Aubree’s face after she heard this. Even now, her mother still thought that she was going to the Farwell residence.
When Aubree remained silent, Gina asked, “Aubree? Are you there? Why aren’t you saying anything?” “I'm at a hotel,” said Aubree, her face devoid of expression. As soon as she said this, nothing but a heavy silence hung about the air.
Aubree continued, “Lucian isn’t here anymore. He booked me a presidential suite, asked me to get some rest, and then left on his own.”
Gina was shocked that Lucian did not bring her daughter back to the Farwell residence. She then noticed how crestfallen Aubree sounded and tried to comfort her. “Don’t worry. The fact that he was willing to take you away is enough. After all, he booked the room, didn’t he? | think he'll visit you often.”
Aubree let out a peal of harsh, sarcastic laughter. “Believe me, he won't. He said. there’s no way we'll ever be together. | bet he has gone to see that Jarvis b*tch right
now!” As she thought of Roxanne, Aubree’s expression darkened even more. It's that b*tch’s fault! If she hadn’t returned, then | would be Mrs. Farwell by now!
Gina never thought that her carefully laid plans would backfire so gloriously. When she heard what Aubree said, her face fell. “Don't worry...”
While Gina had every intention of comforting her daughter, she could not think of the words to say.
If Lucian had truly said these things, he definitely meant business. What good were her words then?
“Even if Lucian said all that, you still have Sonya! I’m sure she'll help you!” said Gina hastily after a while. At the mention of Sonya, Aubree’s heart was suddenly filled with hope.
Although Mrs. Farwell has no control over Lucian’s thoughts, she has always seen me in a good light. She even went out of her way to drive that horrid woman Roxanne, away. Right now, it’s crucial that | obtain Mrs. Farwell’s favor to help myself out of this rut. Being able to drive away that b*tch Roxanne is the best possible scenario and the icing on the cake if it can be managed!When that happens, even if Lucian and Roxanne like each other, Lucian would have no other choice!
Thinking of this, Aubree turned sullen, and her tone suddenly became icy. “You're right! No matter what, Lucian can only marry me! That b*tch Roxanne has caused too much damage. | will have my revenge!”
Gina nodded hastily. “Don’t worry, Aubree. I'll help you! You’ve waited for Lucian for so long! Who is he going to marry if not you?”
The pair spoke about this issue at length. Seeing that it was truly getting late, Gina persuaded Aubree to get some rest. After hanging up, Gina was filled with guilt and regret.
If I'd known sooner that he was going to put her in a hotel, | wouldn’t have put her up to this in the first place! 
###Chapter 688
Chapter 688
Chapter 688 Meanwhile, Roxanne did not have the slightest clue about what Aubree and her mother were planning.
The whole day had been spent playing with the children and dealing with Lucian. Hence, Roxanne fell asleep the moment she lay down.
However, she was awakened by the phone ringing the next day.
In a daze, Roxanne opened her eyes and picked up the phone without looking at who the caller was.
“Ms. Jarvis, are you awake? I’ve got something that needs your attention.”
She barely had time to take a breather when Jack’s voice broke the silence.
Upon realizing that it was Jack, Roxanne suddenly became alert. Curiously, she asked, “Has something happened?” Roxanne rarely had personal dealings with Jack, so she knew that he was likely calling her for a business or medical issue. Regardless, both matters were not to be taken lightly.
On that note, Jack broke the silence first. “Do you remember Jamie? That kid from the medical consultation the last time?” Roxanne’s expression immediately turned grave. “I do. What happened?”
During the consultation, Daniel had spooked the child, resulting in heart palpitations that caused him to lose consciousness. It was only through Roxanne’s intervention that Jamie regained consciousness.
Thus, Roxanne had quite a deep impression of the child.
“The orphanage contacted me just now. They aren’t sure what happened, but Jamie contracted a high fever and has been hospitalized. | figured that since you handled his consultation the last time, you’d be more familiar with the situation. If you have time, can you go and take a look?” asked Jack politely.
Upon hearing that the child was sick, Roxanne immediately agreed. “Of course. Which hospital is it? I'll make my way there right
now. “I'd like to go with you too. | happen to be nearby, so | can pick you up along the way after
you get ready.”
Roxanne hesitated for a brief moment to ponder over the time but eventually agreed.
After hanging up, Roxanne wasted no time taking a shower. She hurriedly put on a change of clothes and went downstairs. Archie and Benny were awakened by the sound of Roxanne closing the door. They jolted out of bed to see that their mother was
the one rushing downstairs, seemingly in a hurry. The children ran after her, asking, “Mommy? Where are you going?”
It was only then Roxanne remembered that Archie and Benny were there. She turned around to pat them on the head, replying, “A little boy from the orphanage has fallen ill, so | need to take a look. As for school, | don’t think | have the time to drop you off at kindergarten today. I'll help you two ask permission for a day off.”
Hearing that it was a little boy who had fallen sick, the boys were immediately filled with worry. Without further hesitation, they nodded and said, “You must do your best to treat him!”
Roxanne nodded, smiling at them.
Just as she was about to bid the children goodbye, a loud honk was heard outside the door. | think that must be Jack.
Roxanne straightened herself and left, the boys following her to the doorstep.
At the driveway of the mansion, Jack got down from the car and was prepared to knock when he saw Roxanne and the children coming out.
Jack was a little surprised to see the two boys trailing after Roxanne. He knew that she had children but had never laid eyes on them before.
The children looked as if they had just gotten out of bed and were still somewhat muddled. Yet, they were well-behaved. They obediently followed Roxanne from behind and gave Jack polite, albeit confused, little waves. 
###Chapter 689
Chapter 689
“Hello there.”
Seeing how polite and cute the children were, Jack gentled his tone.
The two children straightened themselves and looked curiously at Jack, unsure of who he was. With a smile, Roxanne said, “This is Mr. Damaris, a colleague of mine.”
The introduction seemed to put the boys at ease as they sweetly greeted Jack with another hello.
Jack reached out to pat the boys on their heads. “I’m in a rush and never thought I’d run into you both today. | should’ve brought you some gifts! There’s always next time, | suppose. I’ll get you both something nice.”
The children nodded obediently and chimed, “Thank you, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack smiled at the boys before looking at Roxanne, signaling that they had to leave.
Roxanne acquiesced and turned to the boys again. “I'll be off now. Why don’t you both go back inside?”
Having said that, Roxanne and Jack got into the car.
Archie and Benny waited until Jack’s car completely disappeared from their line of sight before shuffling back into the mansion. “Archie, | think that Mr. Damaris looks quite handsome,” said Benny while rubbing his eyes. He had suddenly become more alert. Hearing his brother say so, Archie raised a brow as he recalled the man from earlier.
He is handsome and has a style similar to Daddy's, but he’s also more gentle than Daddy. Moreover, if | understood Mommy correctly, he’s the man from the Damaris family who she was yearning for. He must be quite capable.
Benny then murmured, “Is that man pursuing Mommy too? If that’s the case, it'll be even harder for Daddy to pursue her!”
Roxanne already held a grudge against Lucian. If there was another competitor for her heart, Benny and Archie could only worry for their father.
Archie could not help but ask, “If that’s true, then it only proves that Mommy is a good person. That’s why so many people like her!”
“But what about Daddy?” asked Benny, furrowing his brows out of concern. “I prefer Daddy. Should we remind him?”
Although Lucian was taking his time to win Roxanne over, she still did not trust him. The children could see that their father was putting in a lot of effort, and coupled with the existence of Estella, the boys were definitely biased toward Lucian.
Archie and Bennie looked at each other, their expressions conflicted.
Did they need to warn their father? What if they did not and Jack stole their mother away?
But how were they going to do it, if this was the plan?
This conundrum proved to be too much for the two gifted children. For the first time, Archie and Benny finally got a taste of why people experienced a headache when trying to solve problems.
Asullen-looking Archie then remarked, “If Daddy wants to pursue Mommy, then he will definitely notice that someone else wants to steal her away! This is a grown-up problem. If we talk to Daddy about it, he might feel embarrassed. | think it’s best that we say nothing.”
Benny nodded solemnly. “That’s right. Daddy’s great, and he'll definitely win Mommy over! For all we know, he might have figured this out much sooner than we did!” Archie and Benny could not tell if they were guessing or actually trying to convince themselves with all this chatter.
In the end, they both arrived at the conclusion that no matter how many people tried to pursue their mother, the person to emerge victorious would definitely be Lucian.
Although they both used to have prejudices against Lucian, they became convinced. of his sincerity toward Roxanne after bonding with him for some time.
With sincerity, looks, and capability all in one package, they refused to believe that Roxanne would not choose Lucian. 
###Chapter 690
Chapter 690
Archie and Benny were fairly independent boys, having gotten used to Roxanne’s long work hours.
After a short discussion about Jack and Lucian, the boys quickly washed up and warmed some milk and bread for breakfast. The doorbell suddenly rang just as they finished eating.
Archie and Benny exchanged a wary glance. When they switched on the video intercom, they saw Estella waving sweetly at the camera.
The boys instantly smiled and opened the door for their precious Essie.
Outside, Lucian stood beside Estella and held her hand.
Benny could not help but feel sheepish when he spotted the subject of his discussion.
To his credit, Archie remained calm and greeted Lucian politely. “Good morning, Mr. Farwell and Essie.”
“Good morning, Archie and Benny!” Estella was thrilled to meet the boys early in the morning, and she had a radiant smile to show for it.
After greeting the boys, she looked into the house expectantly, hoping to see Roxanne.
Alas, Roxanne was nowhere to be seen.
Estella tugged on her father’s hand in agitation, and Lucian immediately understood her anxiety.
He looked over the boys’ heads and surveyed the house, only to confirm Roxanne’s absence.
Lucian frowned in confusion and asked, “Where’s your mom?”
Roxanne should have been ready to send the boys to school at this hour, yet she was conspicuously absent.
His question caused Archie and Benny to cast furtive glances at each other. They simultaneously recalled what they had discussed earlier and hesitated about telling their father that a handsome man had fetched Roxanne to work.
Lucian sensed their hesitation, and his heart sank. “What’s wrong? Is she feeling unwell?” He assumed Roxanne had caught a chill last night and was resting in bed.
After he spoke, he led Estella into the house, planning to head upstairs and check on Roxanne.
Realizing he was mistaken about the situation, the boys piped up, “No. Mommy, uh,
went out.”
Lucian paused in his tracks and turned toward the boys with a frown. “Why did she go out without you? Isn’t she sending you to school?”
Archie and Benny paused and mulled over their reply.
Eventually, Benny stated, “A man brought Mommy away.” He immediately averted his gaze from Lucian guiltily after that. Lucian’s frown deepened after he heard Benny’s explanation. Larry and Jack’s faces immediately surfaced in his mind. They are the only people who could bring Roxanne away.
Reminded of Roxanne’s relationship with the two men, Lucian’s expression. darkened. His tone inadvertently grew stern as he asked, “Which man? Do you know him?”
It sounded like a re-enactment of how he told off Estella a day before. Benny jumped in surprise and was about to confess everything when Archie poked him in the ribs.
He quickly recovered himself and placed both hands behind his back. Then, he frowned as though trying hard to recall his memories and mumbled, “Hmm, | don’t think so.”
His answer was hardly useful to Lucian. Lucian furrowed his brows in thought and rephrased his question. “Well, do you know why he came to get your mom?”
“Mommy said a child was sick and needed her help,” Archie volunteered before his brother slipped up. 
###Chapter 691
Chapter 691
Chapter 691 Who Is She With
Lucian’s gaze darkened slightly at Archie’s reply. Treating a child? Roxanne could be with either Jack or Larry. Lucian clung to the last sliver of hope as he asked Archie and Benny, “Do you remember what the man looked like?”
The boys looked at each other. Benny sensibly remained silent and allowed Archie to take the lead. The elder twin replied somberly, “The man looked very handsome and seemed to be on good terms with Mommy.”
He hoped it would remind Lucian that their mother had many admirers and spur him to step up his courtship. Sadly, his plan backfired. He did not know Lucian and Roxanne’s relationship had grown tense because of Larry and Jack.
Archie’s reply only added to Lucian’s suspicions of Roxanne’s relationship with the two men.
He thought of asking the boys for more details but decided against it when he noticed their blank expressions. With his brows still knitted, Lucian asked, “How will you go to school later? Do you need me to give you a lift?”
The boys shook their heads. “Mommy already told the school we're not coming in today.” Lucian looked to Estella upon hearing the boys’ reply.
The young girl had been upset after learning that Roxanne had left with another man. In fact, she was taking it out on her father by giving him the cold shoulder.
| told Daddy | wanted to see Ms. Jarvis in the morning! Daddy took his sweet time and made us late. Now, Ms. Jarvis has left with someone else!
Estella even began doubting her father’s ability to woo Roxanne and give her the mother she wanted.
Lucian sensed his daughter’s discontent and massaged his temples in frustration. Then, he asked Archie and Benny, “Can | leave Essie with you two? | have to get to work, so | won’t take a detour to her kindergarten. Do you promise to take care of yourselves?”
The boys immediately jumped at the opportunity to spend time with their sister. “Of course! We'll take good care of Essie!” Lucian turned to Estella next, relieved to notice the hint of a smile curving her mouth. Despite her earlier displeasure, she evidently cheered up at the thought of spending time with Archie and Benny.
He knew his daughter best. If he insisted on sending her to kindergarten, she would be mad at him for the rest of the day until she met Roxanne.
It was better to leave her at Roxanne’s house and allow her to play with the boys. Her mood would certainly improve. After leaving Estella in Archie and Benny's care, Lucian waved goodbye to the children and got into his car.
Still, he felt insecure about leaving the children at home alone and called Cayden, instructing him to arrange for some men to watch the house and keep the children safe.
Cayden quickly agreed to his orders.
After hanging up, Lucian instinctively pulled up Roxanne’s number on his phone and hesitated about calling her. | should at least figure out who she’s with right now. He quickly squashed the thought before it could take root in his mind.
After all, Roxanne had never appreciated his efforts of snooping around her life, and she had repeatedly explained the innocent nature of her relationship with Larry and Jack to him.
Lucian merely refused to believe her. His suspicions had riled her up on many occasions.
If he called her now and interrogated her on her whereabouts, he would destroy his previous efforts to improve her impression of him.
Despite his frustration, Lucian reined in his jealousy and kept his phone. 
###Chapter 692
Chapter 692
Chapter 692 Absolutely Unacceptable Meanwhile, Roxanne and Jack had just arrived at the hospital.
The director of the orphanage was already waiting for them in the lobby. He quickly greeted them and led them straight to Jamie's ward.
A doctor, who looked like he was working for the Damaris family, was treating Jamie at the time. He stood up and greeted Jack the moment he saw him. “Hello, Mr. Damaris.” Jack nodded. “How is he doing?”
“He’s burning up pretty badly and has been suffering from diarrhea. I’m still trying to figure out how to diagnose this,” the doctor replied with a somewhat conflicted look on his face.
Jack glanced at Roxanne after hearing that.
Roxanne’s gaze had been fixated on Jamie since they entered the ward.
It pained her deeply to see how pale his face was as he lay there on the hospital bed.
Having noticed Jack staring at her, Roxanne gave him a nod to indicate that she was ready to treat Jamie anytime.
Jack then told the doctor, “This here is Dr. Jarvis. She helped treat this boy during the previous medical consultation. Please let her take a look at him.”
The doctor nodded and stepped aside to make space for Roxanne. With a worried frown on her face, Roxanne sat down beside the bed and took Jamie's pulse. Despite being a little delirious from the high fever, Jamie was able to recognize Roxanne and smiled weakly at her.
Roxanne felt her heart ache when she saw how brave he was. “Don’t worry. I'll be sure to treat you,” she said in a soft and reassuring voice.
Jamie simply nodded obediently at her in response. Afraid that she would tear up if she maintained eye contact, Roxanne quickly looked away and focused on treating him.
Jamie has gotten a lot skinnier since | last saw him during the medical consultation. He’s burning up with a really high fever, and his face is white as a sheet. Even so, he still smiles at me so | wouldn’t worry about him... Being the mother of two kids, it absolutely breaks my heart to see him like this.
Roxanne’s frown deepened after taking Jamie’s pulse, and she looked at Jack with panic and confusion in her eyes.
For some reason, she was unable to determine what was making Jamie so sick.
He’s in so much pain and suffering right now, and yet, | can’t do anything to help him out...
Roxanne’s eyes reddened as the seconds ticked by.
Jack frowned when he saw the look she gave him. He stepped forward and patted her on the shoulder as he said, “Calm down.
It's easy to miss some details when you're anxious. If you are unable to diagnose his illness, then we'll first focus on stabilizing his condition to prevent it from worsening.”
He knew Jamie wouldn't survive if his condition got any worse than this. Jack’s words snapped Roxanne out of her state of despair.
He’s right! | have encountered situations like this in the past. | can’t believe | got all worked up simply because the patient is a young child. As a medical practitioner, this is absolutely unacceptable!
“Ms. Jarvis...” Jamie called out weakly. Roxanne quickly turned around to check on him and asked, “I’m right here. What is it? Are you feeling unwell?” Jamie shook his head slowly as he replied, “I believe in you... You were the one who treated me last time...”
Those words hit her in the heart like a sledgehammer. With reddened eyes, Roxanne said with a sob, “Yeah, | will do my best! You'll get better for sure!”
Jamie nodded at her with a smile. 
###Chapter 693
Chapter 693
Chapter 693 A Lot More Knowledgeable As time was of the essence, Roxanne forced herself to calm down and asked Jack for an acupuncture kit.
She then got to work and administered acupuncture treatment to help stabilize Jamie’s condition and keep his illness under control.
Fortunately, it wasn’t Jamie’s first time experiencing such a treatment, so he felt no fear whatsoever when he saw the long needles.
Roxanne remembered how Jamie had rather unique acupuncture points. Since he was ill, she made sure to be extra careful when inserting the needles.
Her entire forehead was drenched in sweat by the time she completed the acupuncture procedure.
“I've just spoken to the doctor in charge of Jamie,” Jack called out to her from behind.
Roxanne immediately tensed up upon hearing that. “What did he say? Did you manage to obtain any useful information?” “All we know is that Jamie is suffering from some malnutrition,” Jack replied with a frown.
Roxanne furrowed her brows as the two of them shifted their gaze toward the director of the orphanage, who was standing in the corner.
Lucian donated a huge amount of resources to the orphanage under the name of Queen Group on the day of the medical consultation. We also made another personal donation after that, so this shouldn’t be happening at all.
The orphanage director let out a helpless sigh when he noticed the two staring at him. “Jamie refused to finish his meals ever since he arrived at the orphanage. He eats very little during each meal. We try to talk him into eating more, but he never listens.”
The two then shifted their gazes back toward Jamie, who was smiling apologetically at them.
The sight of his smile stabbed at Roxanne’s heart like a knife. Not wanting to press on any further, she sat down beside the bed and took Jamie’s pulse again.
Having found a direction to go in, Roxanne was soon able to determine the cause of his medical condition.
Jamie had been skipping meals very often before he arrived at the orphanage. That caused a lot of issues for his digestive system.
Although he was able to have proper meals after arriving at the orphanage, Jamie’s appetite had been greatly reduced by the discomfort from his stomach.
As time went by, his condition grew worse and worse. Eventually, his body reached its limits, which led to the condition he was currently in.
Roxanne’s eyes teared up a little at the thought of what Jamie must have gone through. “Well? Did you manage to find out the cause of his condition?” Jack asked solemnly. Roxanne stood up and nodded at them as she said, “I'll prescribe him some medication.”
Jack immediately had someone fetch her a pen and a piece of paper.
With a frown on her face, Roxanne began scribbling down the prescription.
Jamie isn’t just suffering from gastrointestinal disease. He has also developed anorexia over time. If | don’t treat that issue first, it won't be long before his gastrointestinal problems come back even worse than before. Jamie is still a kid, so | can’t prescribe him anything too potent either.
With all those problems in mind, Roxanne couldn’t help but wonder if her prescription would be okay for Jamie. Having noticed her conflicted expression, Jack stepped forward and asked, “What's the problem?”
Roxanne looked up at him and told him about her concerns.
Being the heir to the Damaris family, Jack was a lot more knowledgeable than Roxanne when it came to medicine.
After taking her concerns into consideration, Jack provided her with some suggestions and even modified some of her prescriptions.
In just a matter of minutes, the two came up with the perfect prescription for Jamie. They handed it over to the director of the orphanage and had him prepare the medication. 
###Chapter 694
Chapter 694
Chapter 694 Having Lunch With Me The tension in the ward was lifted the moment they found a treatment plan. Jamie flashed Roxanne a grateful smile when he heard he would get better soon. “Thanks, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne’s expression turned solemn when she heard his weak voice. “I’m just doing my job, so there’s no need to thank me. You must've had a really rough time, huh?”
Jamie nodded shyly with an anxious look on his face.
This is the first time someone apart from the orphanage director and the other kids has shown me genuine concern! On top of that, she’s also really pretty! She kind of reminds me of Mom...
Roxanne patted him gently on the head. “I’ve prescribed you some medication. Make sure to take your medicine according to the instructions, and you'll get better in no time. You also need to eat properly after you're discharged, okay? | know you don’t feel like eating a lot, but you have to force yourself to anyway. Otherwise, you'll end up suffering like this again. Is that understood?”
Jamie nodded obediently in response.
Roxanne let out a relieved chuckle when she saw him complying with her instructions.
For some reason, Jack felt his heart skip a beat when he saw her comforting Jamie so patiently.
The orphanage director returned with the medication shortly after and thanked the two profusely for helping out.
Roxanne flashed him a faint smile as she replied, “We're just doing our job. You must've had it rough looking after all these kids at the orphanage.”
She then pulled out a wad of cash from her wallet and handed it over to the director. “I didn’t bring much cash with me since | left in a hurry today. It’s not much, but you can use this to buy Jamie some food to replenish the nutrients he’s lacking. Just give me a call if the orphanage ever needs anything in the future.”
“You two have already done a lot to help the orphanage out. | can’t possibly accept your money! If anything, | should be the one thanking you!” the orphanage director protested.
Roxanne shoved the money into his hand and said, “I’m a mother of two, and | can’t stand seeing children suffer. Think of this as me trying to show the children some motherly love.”
The orphanage director was about to say something, but Roxanne stopped him by changing the topic and bringing up Jamie’s medication.
Seeing as she wouldn't take no for an answer, the orphanage director had no choice but to accept her money.
After giving some instructions regarding Jamie’s prescription, Roxanne said goodbye and left the ward with Jack.
“Thank you for the pointers earlier, Mr. Damaris. Had it not been for your help, | would probably still be struggling with the prescription right now,” Roxanne said gratefully as the two of them walked down the corridor.
Jack arched an eyebrow at her in response. “I was just doing my job.”
Roxanne pursed her lips and flashed him a smile.
“However...” Jack added.
Roxanne tensed up when she heard that. “What is it? Is there an issue with Jamie’s condition?”
“While | was indeed just doing my job, | can’t exactly stop you from expressing your gratitude toward me. | feel like just saying thanks isn’t sincere enough, though.”
Roxanne frowned as she found that sentence somewhat familiar, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. Even so, she knew she had to do something after hearing what Jack said.
“You're right, Mr. Damaris. | should've realized this sooner. Since it’s almost noon, how about having lunch with me?” she asked. 
###Chapter 695
Chapter 695
Chapter 695 Not A Couple
Jack knew she only invited him to lunch because of all those hints he dropped, but he still agreed to it happily when he saw the smile on her face.
Although Roxanne was the one paying, Jack was the one who drove and picked the restaurant to dine at. Roxanne’s jaw dropped in surprise when they arrived outside the restaurant. Given Jack’s status, she had assumed he would take her to some fancy restaurant in the city.
Instead, the one they were at was an old Chanaean restaurant. It had a rather tasteful decor, but the food there was fairly cheap. The customers were mostly ordinary white-collar workers and middle-class families.
“| got used to having Chanaean cuisine at home. I’m not sure if this is to your liking, though,” Jack said with a smile.
Roxanne flashed him a smile in return. “Honestly, I've been eating Chanaean food throughout the years | spent overseas.”
Jack arched an eyebrow at her in amusement. “Is that so? | thought you would prefer western cuisine instead.”
The two of them continued joking with each other as they entered the restaurant.
The waitress who greeted them at the door asked in a really friendly tone, “Good afternoon! Will you two require a private room?” Jack instinctively turned to look at Roxanne when he heard that.
“What do you mean by private room?” Roxanne asked in confusion.
“Couples who dine here would usually request a private room as it gives them more privacy,” the waitress explained with a smile. She looked as though she was certain about them being a couple.
Roxanne flashed Jack an apologetic smile when she realized the misunderstanding. She then turned toward the waitress and said, “I’m afraid you've gotten the wrong idea. We’re not a couple, so we won't be needing a private room.”
The waitress turned to look at Jack in shock and disbelief. How is it possible that these two are not a couple? They look so perfect together!
Jack simply flashed her a faint smile and said, “We'll have a table by the window, please.” The waitress blushed a little when she saw his smile. She then led the two of them over to a table by the window.
Even after taking their order, the waitress still found it hard to believe that they weren’t a couple.
| have never seen such a great-looking pair before! | can’t believe they’re not a couple. “I'm sorry. | don’t know how she got the wrong idea,” Roxanne said apologetically after the waitress left.
Jack let out a nonchalant chuckle and said, “There’s no need for you to apologize. In fact, | feel it's an honor to be mistaken for your boyfriend, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne froze and shot him a wary glance after hearing that.
“You don’t seem to realize how amazing you are, Ms. Jarvis. If people mistake me for your boyfriend, then they would think highly of me as well. That’s why | say it’s an honor,” Jack added calmly.
He thinks it’s an honor because other people will think highly of him?
Feeling relieved at the thought of that, Roxanne said with a smile, “You give me too much credit, Mr. Damaris. You're the truly excellent one here. Had you not introduced me, people wouldn't have known a nobody like me.”
Jack’s eyes were filled with admiration as he smiled at her without saying anything. 
###Chapter 696
Chapter 696
Chapter 696 You Still Remember Me
When Roxanne checked her phone and saw that it was noon, she realized she had forgotten to discuss lunch with Archie and Benny when she left earlier.
“Excuse me, | need to make a phone call,” Roxanne said apologetically as she stood up.
Jack wasn’t sure what she was up to, but he didn’t bother to ask her about it. He simply nodded in response and watched as she made her way to a quiet corner of the restaurant.
Archie and Benny were watching TV with Estella at home when they heard the phone ringing. Knowing that their mother was the only one who would call that landline, they immediately rushed over to answer the phone.
“When are you coming back, Mommy? Essie came over to play! We’re keeping her company right now!” Benny asked while glancing at Estella.
He then passed the phone over to Estella and motioned at her to say something.
“Hi, Ms. Jarvis!” Estella called out with a wide grin on her face.
Roxanne’s heart melted when she heard Estella’s adorable voice. “Hi, Essie! What brings you here today?”
“You were drenched in the rain yesterday. | was worried that you might get sick, so | came over to check on you!” Estella replied.
“I'm sorry, Essie, but | probably won't be back for a while. I’ll have someone else bring you some food, okay?” Roxanne said apologetically.
“Okay!” Estella answered with a nod.
Roxanne then told Archie and Benny to take good care of Estella before hanging up the phone. After that, she prayed that Madilyn wouldn't be too busy as she dialed her number.
“What's up, Roxanne?” Madilyn answered the phone rather quickly.
“Are you home?” Roxanne asked.
Madilyn let out a huge sigh as she replied, “Of course | am! It wasn’t easy getting a few days off work, you know?” She had pestered the director endlessly for days just to get a break from work.
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief when she heard that Madilyn was home. “I’m outside at the moment. Archie, Benny, and Estella are by themselves at my house. | didn’t have time to prepare lunch for them today, so could you bring them some food when you make lunch later?”
Naturally, Madilyn agreed to her request since she cared deeply about the three kids.
However, she wasn’t about to go through the trouble of cooking on her day off. After giving it some thought, Madilyn decided to just order takeout for herself and the kids. She soon showed up outside Roxanne’s house with the bags of food.
The kids made sure to check the intercom to confirm it was her before opening the door.
“Hi, Aunt Madilyn!” Benny’s eyes lit up with excitement when he saw the food in her hands. As she wasn’t sure what the kids liked, she decided to play it safe and went with fried chicken and hamburgers. Sure enough, those happened to be Benny's favorites.
“Your mommy couldn’t make it home in time, so she had me bring you kids lunch. You are allowed to have deep-fried stuff, right?” Madilyn said as she placed the food on the dining table.
Her gaze soon fell upon Estella, who was sitting in a corner of the living room.
As she had only seen Estella once, she didn’t remember much about the little girl.
Huh? Is it just me, or does this girl kind of resemble Roxanne in some way?
“You're Estella, right? Do you remember me?” Madilyn asked as she stepped forward to take a closer look at her.
Estella blinked a couple of times before nodding and replying, “Yes, | do! It’s nice to see you again!” 
###Chapter 697
Chapter 697
Chapter 697 Are You Sure
Madilyn felt touched when she heard Estella’s adorable voice. | still remember how she refused to say a word the last time | saw her. A lot of people thought she was mute because of that. | can’t believe she changed so much in such a short amount of time! Not only is she willing to speak, but she also has an angelic voice and a sweet smile!
Madilyn gave her a little pat on the head when she saw how cute she was. “There’s a good girl!” As Madilyn stood up, Estella’s gaze fell upon the food on the dining table, and she got really curious.
Because she had been raised in a wealthy household where either a professional cook or her grandmother would prepare all her meals, Estella had no idea what takeout or fast food was. As such, she couldn’t understand why Benny and Archie were so excited about the food.
Madilyn had been sleeping in until Roxanne’s call woke her up, so she was getting a little hungry as she didn’t have breakfast. She then opened up the food packaging and handed the kids a fried chicken drumstick each.
Unsure of what to do with the drumstick, Estella just stared blankly at Madilyn. Madilyn paused in confusion, only to realize Estella probably never had fried chicken drumsticks before due to her status.
She then fetched Estella some disposable gloves, patiently put them on her tiny hands, and taught her how to hold the drumstick. Estella flashed her a shy smile in response. “Thanks.”
Madilyn felt her heart melt when she heard that. She was so distracted by Estella’s cuteness that she even forgot to eat. It wasn’t until the girl had finished eating her drumstick that Madilyn came to her senses and began munching away.
She had just eaten one when her phone started ringing in her pocket. Madilyn tensed up when she heard that and reluctantly answered the phone. Sure enough, it was none other than the director calling to have her return to work.
Madilyn rolled her eyes as she hung up the phone and stuffed a few chunks of fried chicken into her mouth. She then said goodbye to the kids and left the house.
After that, the kids gathered around the dining table and continued eating the rest of the food.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was completely clueless as to how things were with the kids at home.
She trusted Madilyn enough to not let the kids starve.
As the two of them chatted about medicine throughout the meal, Jack asked, “I realized something when | saw you preparing Jamie’s prescription earlier. You’re not very good at medicine, are you?”
Roxanne let out an awkward chuckle as she replied, “Yeah, that’s true. | major in acupuncture, so I’m not too knowledgeable when it comes to medications. I'd say my skill and knowledge are mediocre at best. Thank goodness you were there earlier.”
Jack nodded. “We all have something we excel in. Your acupuncture skills are so incredible that seeing them makes my jaw drop. As for the use of medication... | have some medical journals and books that | could lend you if you'd like.”
Roxanne couldn’t help but feel a little shocked when she heard that. “A-Are you sure?”
| chose to stay and work with the Damaris family partially because | wanted their ancient medicine books. Is he seriously going to just hand them over to me?
Jack arched an eyebrow at her. “Why not? You're a partner of the Damaris family, so your improvements in the medical field will also benefit us.” 
###Chapter 698
Chapter 698
Chapter 698 Keep This A Secret
Roxanne couldn't quite believe her ears. She froze for a good few seconds before flashing him a grateful smile. “In that case, I'll give our collaboration my best effort.”
Jack raised his glass and said, “Great! On behalf of all the other partners, | hereby thank you for working with us! Here’s to our partnership!”
Roxanne chuckled as she clinked glasses with him. Jack sure has been a great help to me all this while! For some reason, | never seem to run out of things to talk about when I’m with Jack and Larry. Maybe this is because we're all in the same field of work. My conversations with Lucian, on the other hand, often end horribly...
The smile on Roxanne’s face faded slightly at the thought of Lucian. “Oh, by the way...” Jack was about to say something when he noticed the change in her expression. While he didn’t know what was on her mind, he instinctively changed the topic to relieve some of the tension anyway. “What are the names of the two kids from earlier today?”
Roxanne’s smile returned when she heard him mention her kids. “Archie and Benny.”
Jack nodded. “I’ve always known about you having kids, but this is the first time I've seen those cute little angels in person. They sure look a lot like you!”
Roxanne froze after hearing that as she felt a strange sensation sweeping through her heart. Jack’s choice of words sure can be misleading! For a moment there, | thought he was calling me cute! Roxanne pinched herself underneath the table to snap herself out of it.
No, no, no! What am | thinking? What has gotten into me lately? Why have | been having such crazy thoughts? Jack is complimenting my kids, for goodness’ sake! Why did | associate that with myself? This must be Lucian’s fault! I’m being paranoid because of those strange things he said!
“It's my first time meeting them, so | should bring them some presents. What would they like?” Jack asked.
Roxanne turned him down politely, “That won’t be necessary. Archie and Benny don't really care about this sort of thing. Besides, they already have everything they need.”
Jack frowned. “Why are you so against me giving them some presents? Since we’re partners, I'll be seeing them fairly often in the future anyway. | wouldn’t want them to hate me for not giving them presents.”
Unsure of how to counter that statement, Roxanne could only reply with a smile, “If you insist, then | shall gladly accept your offer. If you’re going to give them something, then...” That was when Roxanne realized she couldn't think of a suitable present for them.
The kids have never asked me for anything. They usually just buy whatever they need with the money from Archie’s piggy bank. As for presents, they liked anything | bought them, so | don’t really know what they actually like. Hmm... If | recall, they seemed to like the presents that Lucian got them very much.
With that in mind, Roxanne continued a little uncertainly, “I think you should give them stuff like Lego sets or scale models of aircraft.”
Jack arched his eyebrow slightly and said, “All right, I’ll be sure to prepare the presents. Make sure to keep this a secret, okay?”
Roxanne chuckled as she nodded at him in response. 
###Chapter 699
Chapter 699
Chapter 699 Your Company Is More Than Enough
Jack excused himself to answer a phone call in the middle of the meal. He returned with an apologetic look. “I’m sorry, my grandpa summoned me back but didn’t explain why.”
Roxanne smiled considerately. “You should hurry up and return since Old Mr. Damaris is looking for you. I'll go home by myself.” He apologized again before rising to leave.
She finished her meal alone before glancing at the time. It was already one in the afternoon. She got a little worried thinking about the kids at home and got up to pay the bill.
“The gentleman who left has already paid the bill,” the staff said, smiling. Roxanne was surprised to hear that. Didn’t we agree that | will treat him to this meal as a thank-you gesture? Yet he settled the bill...
“Oh, this is a gift from that gentleman.” The staff handed her a bouquet, a look of envy plain on her face. “You're so lucky.” Roxanne was caught off guard when her relationship with Jack was once again misconstrued.
Her gaze strayed to the flowers when she was about to explain herself. Although Jack’s intentions were unclear, his actions could give the wrong impression.
She was afraid of muddling up the situation by over-explaining. At that thought, she smiled ruefully and accepted the bouquet without saying anything before turning to leave the restaurant.
Roxanne managed to hail a cab after waiting at an intersection for a while. She hugged the bouquet to herself and slid into the car, her phone pinging with a text from Jack: I’m home.
Just as she was about to reply to his text and ask about the bouquet, another message came: Did you receive the flowers?
She frowned as she flicked her gaze to the flowers, her fingers flying across the screen: | received it, but I’m not sure why you gave those to me.
Logically, Jack shouldn’t regard her as anything other than a coworker, but with the flowers and what he told her, she couldn't help but misinterpret.
Jack read her response and arched his brow, pursing his lips as he replied: Shouldn't | have given you flowers to express my gratitude after you treated me to a meal?
Roxanne was bewildered by the text. She replied: But didn’t you pay for the meal? Besides, his reasoning was so absurd that she began to suspect that he had ulterior motives.
Humor sparked in his eyes as he typed: A Damaris would never let a woman pay the bill. Your company at lunch was more than enough.
Roxanne’s expression hardened. She then received another text from Jack: | was only kidding. | gave you the flowers on Jamie’s behalf as a token of gratitude. After all, the orphanage is the Damaris family’s responsibility, and you have been an enormous help to us.
As though afraid she wouldn't believe him, he added: There are many lilies, and they symbolize gratitude, so it wouldn’t cause a misunderstanding when the kids see it.
Only then did she realize how many lilies were in the arrangement, with a few accent flowers that she couldn’t name nestled among them.
Chagrin flashed deep in Roxanne’s eyes at his words. Even Archie and Benny would not have misinterpreted the situation, yet she did.
What is going on with me lately? 
###Chapter 700
Chapter 700
Chapter 700 Voluntarily Apologizing
Roxanne snapped out of it and typed out a reply: Thank you, but it’s what I should have done. We will be working together in the future, so you shouldn't be so courteous every time.
Jack smiled guardedly and replied: Indeed, it won’t happen again. A rustling sound came from upstairs as soon as he sent the text.
He pocketed the phone, and his gaze shot up to see a middle-aged man guiding Hector down the stairs in slow, measured steps, both of them engrossed in a conversation.
The man’s presence made Jack frown, but he was a product of his upbringing, so he greeted politely, “Grandpa, Mr. Hightower.” That man was Stephen Hightower, Jessica’s father.
One could only imagine why he would want Grandpa to summon me back home. The only possibility is to plead in favor of Jessica after the mess she made.
Irritation surged in him when he remembered that night's events. Hector and Stephen turned to look in his direction when he spoke. “You're home so soon?” Hector glanced at him with a smile, clearly enjoying his conversation with Stephen.
A frown drew Jack's brows together, and he nodded at Hector. “Why did you call me back?”
Hector glanced at Stephen. “I hope we didn’t interrupt you by summoning you back abruptly.” Stephen’s words of concern conveyed his apology. With Hector present, Jack decided not to escalate the situation and only replied flatly, “No.”
Stephen heaved a sigh of relief. “That's good. | had your grandpa call you home after Jessica told me things between both of you are tense. I’d like to apologize on her behalf.”
“You and Jessica grew up together. What could possibly put a strain on your relationship? Both of you can talk it out, whatever it is,” Hector advised.
Now that Hector had spoken up, Jack could only say, “She was drunk that night. Tell her it doesn’t matter and that she shouldn't take it personally.”
Then, he arched his brow as he thought of something.
Wait. Jessica should be apologizing to someone else. The commotion she caused that night was nothing but a mere annoyance to me, but Roxanne suffered the most. She should be apologizing to the right person.
Stephen seemed to read his thoughts and continued, “Jessica mentioned that there was another lady involved, and she said she hopes to meet the lady to formally apologize.” Jack’s eyes mirrored doubt as he wondered when did Jessica become so mature.
“You should know the lady if both of you were together that night. Why don’t you make arrangements so that Jessica could apologize to that lady?” Stephen proposed.
Jack’s doubt amplified when he heard that.
As far as | know, Jessica is domineering and will never admit to her fault when she makes a mistake. Why will she voluntarily apologize, especially to Roxanne, whom she detests?
Hector’s voice rang out again when he was about to probe the reason. “You should do Mr. Hightower a favor since he asked. I’m guessing that the other lady is Dr. Jarvis. Although we had only met once, | know she isn’t someone who will harbor grudges.”
Jack frowned. “It’s not that simple, Grandpa.” 
###Chapter 701
Chapter 701
Chapter 701 Her Relationship With Lucian I think | have Dr. Jarvis’ contact too. If you can't do it, | can,” Hector said faintly.
Jack looked utterly helpless when he heard those words because he knew Hector was threatening him. Rather than letting Roxanne and Jessica meet each other without my presence,
| might as well just be there to keep Jessica in check.
In the end, Jack agreed to it. “All right. I'l try to contact Ms. Jarvis. But | can't promise she'll agree to it.” With a wide smile on his face, Stephen said, “Thank you. Let me know when
she gets back to you.” Jack nodded indifferently in response. Stephen chatted with Hector for a little while and asked about the Damaris family’s recent situation before standing up to excuse himself. ‘The moment Stephen left the Demaris residence, a dejected look replaced the smile on his face.
That night, Jessica was hammered when a few men brought her home. Stephen was in utter shock when he saw that and thought his daughter had been taken advantage of.
To his surprise, those men told him they were the Farwell family’s men and that Lucian had ordered them to send her back. Right away, Stephen knew his daughter had crossed someone she couldn't afford to mess with.
Sure enough, the Hightower family’s business partners called to cancel their contracts the next few days. They also couldn't find people to work with for their latest projects.
Seeing that the company was facing financial difficulties, Stephen had no choice but to contact Lucian. He apologized to Lucian, but he was told that there was someone else he had to apologize to.
Puzzled, Stephen went home and interrogated Jessica. That was when he found out about the person he owed an apology. Yet, he couldn’t just look for the person right away, so he thought about asking Jack to act as the middleman.
He deliberately mentioned his dead father to sell Hector a sad story so that he could gain Hector’s support.
In the end, it worked, and he managed to set a meeting with Roxanne.
What's her relationship with Lucian? Why is Lucian willing to do so much for her?
Meanwhile, upon finishing his work, Lucian thought about the three children at Roxanne’s house. She has to go home to make lunch for the kids, right?
At that thought, Lucian drove to Roxanne’s house.
In the mansion, the children had just finished a whole bucket of fried chicken Upon hearing the doorbell, the children thought Roxanne had returned, so they opened the door without checking the intercom. ‘When they saw the person standing before them, they were taken aback.
Daddy!" Estella was the first to react. She ran toward Lucian and was about to reach out to hug his leg when he noticed how olly her hands were. Upon taking a closer look, he realized
she was wearing a pair of disposable gloves that was covered in grease. She instinctively grabbed her wrists and moved away from her. ‘That was the first time Estella had gotten rejected by Lucian. She widened her eyes in confusion.
Lucian furrowed his brows and sized up the children. The corners of their lips are oily. What did they eat? 
###Chapter 702
Chapter 702
Chapter 702 Refrain From Eating That Hello, Mr. Farwell,” Archie and Benny greeted when they came to their senses. Lucian nodded slightly. “Is your mommy not back yet? The kids nodded obediently and glanced at each other guiltily. They had thought that it was Roxanne who had returned and almost screamed when they opened the door.
Fortunately, Estella had greeted Lucian first, saving them from embarrassing themselves. Lucian’s frown deepened when he saw their reactions. “What did you guys have for lunch,
then?”
‘As he asked, he scanned the house and saw the bucket of fried chicken on the dining table. “We had drumsticks!” Estella was still reveling in the excitement of eating fast food for the
first time and did not realize the look on Lucian's face. “It was delicious!
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he heard his daughter's answer. He then lowered his head and looked at the three children. Not only were their faces covered in grease, but they were
also all smiling in satisfaction. Evidently, they were extremely happy with what they had for lunch. Lucian suppressed his anger and asked in a deep voice, “Who sent them?”
Estella turned toward Archie and Benny. Although she knew Madilyn, she didn’t know how to introduce her to Lucian. Seeing that Estella was keeping mum, Lucian thought the children had ordered takeout on their own.
Right then, Benny piped up, “It was our godmother! Mommy told her to send us food.”
Lucian knitted his brows and gave it some thought. | think | know who their godmother is. Disdain flashed across Lucian’s eyes when he recalled the previous time he met Madilyn. That woman doesn’t look reliable.
Having learned that it wasn’t Roxanne’s idea to feed the children fast food, Lucian said in a gentler tone, “Don’t eat too much of this in the future.”
The children weren't pleased when they heard those words.
Estella tilted her head in confusion and asked, “But why? It’s really, really yummy.” She looked at Lucian aggrievedly. “Unlike me, Archie and Benny had it before. Why didn’t you ever let me try it, Daddy?”
Feeling a headache coming, Lucian pinched the space between his brows and replied, “It’s unhealthy.”
Besides, with their social status, they never needed to go out and buy food as such.
In fact, Estella had fried chicken before. It was just a healthier version prepared by their in-house chef.
Estella wasn’t satisfied with that answer. She blinked and wanted to tug at Lucian’s shirt sleeve to question further, but Lucian pushed her back the moment she approached him.
Estella felt even more aggrieved when he did that.
‘Take off your gloves. They're dirty,” Lucian said.
Only then did Estella realize what was going on. She slowly took off her pair of gloves, then returned to stand before Lucian once again after Archie and Benny brought her away to
wash her hands. This time, Lucian didn't stop her from approaching him.
Estella tugged at Lucian’s shirt sleeve and uttered in a piping voice, “Why is it that Archie and Benny are allowed to—
Hearing that she was asking about the fried chicken again, Lucian interrupted expressionlessly, “They'll have to refrain from eating that from now on.”
Archie's and Benny's faces fell. Daddy is good in any way, but he abandoned us in the past, and now, he’s even stopping us from eating fried chicken 
###Chapter 703
Chapter 703
Chapter 703 On A Date
Just as the children were about to bargain their way out, they heard someone's footsteps coming from the entrance.
They held their tongues and turned toward the door, only to see Roxanne holding a bouquet of flowers in her hands, looking puzzled. ‘Mommy'" Archie and Benny dashed toward her in excitement, seeing that she had returned.
Roxanne, however, was looking at the man in her living room with a frown on her face. Lucian? What is he doing here?
She glanced at the flowers in her hands and felt somewhat guilty.
Lucian had noticed the flowers as well, and a wave of annoyance washed over him once more. She's rejected all my flowers before this. But now, she’s holding a bouquet someone has gifted her. It’s most probably from either Larry or Jack. What does she take me for?
“Mommy?” Getting no response from Roxanne, Benny tugged at the corner of Roxanne’s shirt. | need Mommy to convince Daddy to let us eat fried chicken in the future!
Only then did Roxanne regain her senses and glance at Benny. He looks anxious. Roxanne suppressed the strange feeling in her heart and reached out to ruffle Benny’s hair. “What is it?” “We had fried chicken for lunch,” Benny said in a piping voice.
Roxanne was slightly baffled when she heard that. Why is he telling me that? When we were abroad, | would always make lunch for them. But whenever | was busy, | would have no choice but to order takeouts for them. Those takeouts were mostly fast foods. They should be used to it by now.
Benny noticed her confusion, so he added, “Mr. Farwell said the food isn’t healthy, and we shouldn't eat too much of it.” Hearing that, Roxanne could roughly guess what was on his mind.
Just as she was about to console Benny, she remembered the fact that Estella was with the boys during lunch. Although Archie and Benny are used to it, Essie may not be. Lucian probably said that to Essie.
Roxanne caressed Benny’s head before raising her own to look in Lucian’s direction.
Lucian was still standing in the same place, while Estella was standing right beside him, looking aggrieved. At that moment, he was gripping her little hand. When Estella met Roxanne’s gaze, she greeted softly, “Ms. Jarvis.
‘She had wanted to dash toward Roxanne along with Archie and Benny. However, Lucian had held onto her hand before she could do so, and she had no idea why.
Roxanne smiled at Estella before looking up to meet Lucian’s gaze. “Mr. Farwell.
Lucian was exasperated when he looked at the flowers in her hands. Coldly, he said, "You're an interesting woman, Ms. Jarvis. How could you go on a date when your children were
here having fast food for lunch?’
Feeling guilty, Roxanne said, “I'm sorry. | forgot Roxanne was here, and | forgot to remind my friend about it. Archie and Benny are used to eating these when we were abroad. My
friend might have—
Before she could finish her sentence, Lucian interrupted, “Ms. Jarvis, you were busy dating. How could you have remembered anything? 
###Chapter 704
Chapter 704
Chapter 704 Lilies
Roxanne’s expression froze when she heard Lucian mentioning her going on a date again. “You should've told me if you were busy, Ms. Jarvis. | would've come to bring Essie home,”
Lucian added
Hearing his tone, Estella knew he was pissed. “Daddy!” she said anxiously. Lucian’s eyes darkened. He looked down at Estella, and only then did he realize how cold he had sounded. |
got angry when | saw those flowers. But Roxanne may not think | have the right to be angry. ''m sorry | couldn't come back earlier to accompany you, Essie.” Roxanne ignored Lucian and cast Estella an apologetic look.
Estella quickly shook her head when she heard Roxanne apologizing to her. “It’s all right, Ms. Jarvis. You're back now. Besides, those fried chickens were delicious! | love them!”
With that, Estella shot her father a discontented look. Forget that he forbade me from eating delicious food. Now, he even got angry at Ms. Jarvis! I'm not happy with that! Lucian merely frowned and kept mum. He was afraid that he would lose his temper if he were to talk again.
Roxanne knew Estella didn’t want her to put too much blame on herself. She smiled appreciatively and said, “I’ll make you something yummy tonight, okay?”
Ms. Jarvis is making me dinner! Estella’s eyes lit up, and she nodded excitedly. “Okay!”
After that, Roxanne walked into the living room.
Only when she walked past Archie and Benny did they notice the bouquet in her hands. They instinctively turned toward Lucian. As they expected, Lucian’s expression was as black as thunder.
Although they weren’t pleased when Lucian told them to stop eating fried chicken, they chose to side with him because his effort to pursue Roxanne could be jeopardized.
“Mommy!” Archie cautiously tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s clothes. Roxanne looked down at him in confusion.
Archie glanced at Lucian before pulling Roxanne into the kitchen. He whispered next to her ear, “Did Mr. Damaris give you those flowers?”
Roxanne was stunned for a few seconds because she didn’t expect Archie to ask about the flowers. Is he asking this because he thinks I’m going to let Jack become their father?
Holding that thought, Roxanne smiled and explained, “It is from Mr. Damaris, but it’s not what you think it is. | did him a favor, so he gave me these flowers to express his gratitude.” Archie and Benny weren't convinced. Who gives others flowers to express their gratitude?
Noticing the puzziement on their faces, Roxanne said patiently, “These are lilies. Go on and find out what these flowers symbolize, all right? If you guys want to thank someone in the
future, you can give them lilies Archie and Benny shared a look and nodded dubiously.
‘Allright, I'm gonna go tidy things up in the living room. You guys keep Essie company.” Roxanne smiled and ruffled the boys’ hair. Archie and Benny nodded obediently.
They went out of the kitchen and brought Estella to the room, and the first thing they did was find out what the flowers symbolized.
When they found out that lies were given to express gratitude, they heaved a sigh of relief. 
###Chapter 705
Chapter 705
Chapter 705 Cannot Make Decisions On Her Behalf
After cleaning up the coffee table, Roxanne got up to go and throw away some trash when she found Lucian standing in the doorway, blocking her path. “Could you please let me
through, Mr. Farwell?
Lucian frowned when he heard her voice and turned sideways to let her pass. He watched her walk away and could not stop his gaze from flicking toward the flowers she had
‘temporarily left on the couch. His eyes flashed with anger. After returning from throwing the trash, she heard him ask in a low voice, “Didn't you say you were going to treat me the same as the others?”
Roxanne halted her footsteps at those words and raised her gaze to meet his with a quizzical expression. Furrowing his brows, Lucian asked, “Why did you send back all the flowers |
sent you previously, yet bring home the flowers other people give you?’ Before Roxanne could respond, she heard him press further. “So who are the flowers from? Larry? Or is it Jack?”
They're..." She started to answer his question without even thinking about it. The next moment, however, she noticed his awful attitude and stopped herself abruptly. Lucian thought she was about to respond, but to his surprise, she fell silent after beginning her sentence.
After waiting for a while and still not getting an answer from her, Lucian looked even more displeased.
All Roxanne wanted was to ignore the man in front of her. She continued walking further into the house, but he grabbed her wrist.
“Why aren’t you answering?” Lucian gazed at her darkly, his suspicions about her relationship with Larry and Jack deepening. Roxanne stopped walking and glanced back at him. She was also feeling frustrated and furious, and her gaze was cold.
“I've explained to you my relationship with them many a time. If you insist on misunderstanding the matter, there’s nothing | can do about that. Also, what you said earlier was something you came up with yourself. | never agreed to it.”
Lucian’s gaze grew even more sullen after he heard her reply. After a while, his lips curled with sarcasm as he remarked, “Indeed, I've deluded myself.”
Then he let go of her wrist.
Surprise flashed across Roxanne’s eyes.
It's the first time he has let me off so easily...
For a moment, the atmosphere between the pair was thick with tension.
“If there’s nothing else, I'll be going to prepare dinner.” Not wanting to linger around any longer, she withdrew her gaze first and headed toward the kitchen.
This time, Lucian did not stop her.
Roxanne was at the kitchen doorway when his voice rang out again. “There's no need to prepare dinner for Essie. I'l be taking her home when she comes downstairs.” His gaze was so dark that it was utterly frightening.
The way | see it, Roxanne’s acceptance of flowers from another man is equivalent to her accepting that man’s pursuit of her. Naturally, | shouldn't hang around and get underfoot.
Taking care of Essie has probably even tumed into a nuisance for her. Otherwise, why would she have left the three kids at home and let them eat takeaway?
Roxanne turned and cast a glance at him. “It's something | promised her I'd do. As long as she doesn't tell me otherwise, I'll definitely make dinner for her. Even though you're her
father, you can't make decisions on her behalf. ‘With that, she spun around and went into the kitchen
When Archie, Benny, and Estella headed downstairs, they saw Lucian standing in the living room expressionlessly. The trio exchanged glances at the sight of that, picking up on the strange atmosphere in the living room.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out that the two adults must've gotten into an argument, and it was about those flowers. 
###Chapter 706
Chapter 706
Chapter 706 Secretly Took One Of Her Flowers
Downstairs, Lucian, too, noticed the children making their way down. They were about to say something when Lucian looked up at Estella and said impassively, “Come down, Essie. We should be heading home.”
Upon hearing that, the children were taken aback. Estella widened her eyes in confusion. “Daddy...”
I've already promised Ms. Jarvis I'd stay and have dinner tonight. What does Daddy mean by this? Even if he and Ms. Jarvis got into an argument, he shouldn’t take me home. After all, he told me he wanted me to help him woo her. If | leave as well, how will that get Ms. Jarvis to stop being mad?
Nonetheless, Lucian was unmoved. “Ms. Jarvis has other matters to attend to, and we don’t know whether there will be any other guests tonight. It’s better if we don’t get in her way.”
Having said that, he took two strides in the direction of the staircase and stretched out a hand toward Estella. Estella pursed her lips and hid behind the two older boys. “No! | want to have dinner with Ms. Jarvis!”
Archie and Benny quickly shielded Estella behind them. “Mr. Farwell, we don’t have any other guests tonight, so you and Essie can stay.”
Lucian furrowed his brows. Knowing that the boys were not his children, he had no choice but to soften his tone a few notches as he replied, “If you like Essie so much, you can play together at the kindergarten. But she has to go back with me now.”
Archie and Benny looked at each other anxiously, knowing that he was angry because Roxanne had brought home that bouquet. However, they did not know what to do. They had wanted to explain everything clearly to him. If they were to move aside then, he would surely take Essie and leave.
For a moment, the two of them were caught in a dilemma. After some time, Archie suddenly stepped aside and ran down the stairs.
Naturally, Benny could not stop Lucian by himself. Hence, he could only watch as Lucian picked Estella up in his arms and turned to walk toward the front door.
Estella’s reluctance at being carried by Lucian was written all over her face. She stared fixedly in the direction of the kitchen, hoping Roxanne would come out and stop her father.
Alas, even as Lucian had almost carried her to the front door, there was still no sign of Roxanne. Estella could not help feeling a little disappointed. “Mr. Farwell!”
Suddenly, Lucian heard Archie’s voice ring out from behind him.
Estella was puzzled to see Archie holding a single lily in his hand. Lucian frowned when he heard Archie calling him. He paused in his tracks and turned around. “What is it?”
Archie hurried toward them. He did not even pause to catch his breath, and his small face was flushed as he said, “If you let Essie stay for dinner, I'll give you this lily.”
Confusion spread across Lucian’s stern face. He did not know where Archie had gotten the flower, nor did he understand what the boy meant by those words.
Having guessed Lucian’s thoughts, Archie explained sweetly, “I took this flower from the bouquet Mommy brought back. She said that if | want to thank someone, | should give them lilies because lilies symbolize gratitude.”
Then, Archie added guiltily, “Don’t tell Mommy | secretly took one of her flowers, okay?”
Realization dawned on Lucian. So what Archie meant to say is that he'll be very grateful if | don’t take Essie home. 
###Chapter 707
Chapter 707
Chapter 707 Let Us Play A Game
Archie held out the flower again hesitantly. “There are plenty of lilies in Mommy’s bouquet. That's why | dared to take one of them.” Lucian’s brows furrowed as he finally understood what Archie meant.
Someone obviously sent those flowers that Roxanne brought back as a thank-you gift. | was the one who misunderstood the whole thing. No wonder she flew into such a rage!
Lucian’s expression relaxed drastically after he realized the truth of the situation. He swept his gaze over to Roxanne, who was busy in the kitchen, then turned back and took the lily Archie was holding. “I’m sorry. | jumped to conclusions. Essie and | will stay for dinner.”
With that, he set Estella down. As soon as her feet touched the ground, Estella shot her father a glare before running off toward the kitchen to look for Roxanne.
In the living room, Lucian held the lily taken from Roxanne’s bouquet of flowers with a frown. He and the boys stared at each other for some time.
Archie and Benny could see Lucian’s frustration, and they snuck glances at each other with troubled looks in their eyes. Daddy and Mommy often argue, but it’s clear that Mommy is very angry this time. What can we do to help them make up?
Over in the kitchen, Estella clung to Roxanne’s leg. Roxanne, still fuming with anger, was perplexed when she saw Estella running into the kitchen, looking aggrieved. “What's the matter, Essie? Did the brothers bully you?”
As she spoke, she cast a glance toward the door. That doesn’t make sense. The boys have always been fond of Essie, so why would they bully her? Apart from the boys, the only other possible culprit is Lucian.
The next second, Estella’s reply confirmed her suspicions. “It was Daddy! He’s a meanie!” Estella said huffily, complaining about her father to Roxanne.
Estella’s response did not surprise Roxanne. However, the latter was still curious about what caused Estella to become so angry. “How was he mean to you?”
Puffing out her cheeks, Estella recounted what had happened angrily. “Daddy wanted to take me home and wouldn't let me have dinner with you!”
A look of surprise flashed across Roxanne’s eyes. Lucian did mention taking Essie home just now, but | already shot him down. | didn’t think he’d still go ahead with it. | wonder how she managed to run in here. As the thought went through her mind, she subconsciously lifted her gaze, worried that Lucian would suddenly barge in. Once
she looked up, however, she spotted Archie and Benny standing at the kitchen doorway.
“Mommy, let's play a game together!” Benny said with a bright smile. His words threw Roxanne for a loop. Pursing his lips, Archie nodded solemnly. “Yes, let’s play a game!”
Seeing that the usually serious Archie was also suggesting they play a game together made Roxanne even more confused. And for some reason, his cheeks are so flushed.
Estella burrowed into Roxanne’s arms and turned to look at Archie and Benny curiously. They were so anxious when Daddy nearly took me home, and I’m still mad about it. Yet, they want to play a game now. How strange.
Just as Estella was wondering what was going on, Benny winked at her discreetly and signaled for her to look through the doorway at Lucian. Getting his hint, she reluctantly glanced at her father. 
###Chapter 708
Chapter 708
Chapter 708 Looks A Little Guilty
Through the kitchen door, one could see into the living room. Estella looked up and saw Lucian frowning. There was also a rare look of frustration on his face.
She puffed out her cheeks and fumed inwardly, Needless to say, he must have regretted getting mad at Ms. Jarvis and me. Hmph! It serves him right for getting angry at us before getting his facts straight!
Even so, after grumbling about it silently, Estella still remembered that she wanted Roxanne to become her mother. Helping Daddy also means helping myself.
With that thought in mind, she decided to set aside her prejudice and lend Lucian a helping hand. She tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s shirt gingerly and said in an adorable voice, “Ms. Jarvis, let’s play a game together...”
Estella’s acting skills were top-notch. She wore an aggrieved expression as she spoke, appearing as though she had yet to recover from how upset she felt when Lucian had wanted to take her home.
Roxanne’s heart could not help softening at how pitiful Estella looked. After hesitating for several seconds, she finally raised her hand to pat the latter’s head and agreed to a game. “Okay.”
The three children looked at each other with joy in their eyes when they saw Roxanne acquiesce. After promising to play with them, Roxanne surveyed the ingredients she had prepped. It looks like everything is ready. All that’s left is to cook up the dishes later this evening.
She double-checked to make sure everything had been prepared, then stood up and followed the children out of the kitchen. As soon as she walked out, she saw Lucian, who was still standing in the living room.
He was standing next to the coffee table with slightly downcast eyes, staring in the direction of the couch.
Noticing movements from where the others were, he raised his head and looked toward them. When he met Roxanne’s eyes, something seemed to cross his mind, and his gaze flinched for a split second. Visibly frowning, he quickly shifted his focus back to the couch.
Roxanne could not help feeling stunned by his behavior. This guy was questioning me in a fury earlier, but as | look at him now, he looks a little guilty. Puzzled, she followed his line of sight and saw the bunch of lilies she had left on the couch.
| don’t know if it’s just my imagination, but | can’t shake the feeling that someone seems to have tampered with the flowers. They look a little messy.
The children were waiting for Roxanne before starting the game, and when they saw that she was lost in thought, Archie and Benny called out impatiently, “Mommy!”
Hearing that, she jolted to her senses and shot the children an apologetic smile. “What are we playing?” Archie, Benny, and Estella exchanged looks, the wheels in their minds spinning. After a while, they suggested, “Let's play Red Light, Green Light.”
Roxanne had no idea what the trio had in mind. She thought they merely wanted to play a game out of boredom, so she readily agreed.
Benny ran up to Lucian and said innocently, “Mr. Farwell, why don’t you play together with us?”
Roxanne’s brows drew together slightly when she saw that. She was worried that Lucian was still angry and that it would startle Benny. To her surprise, Lucian merely frowned for a few seconds, then lifted his head and glanced toward her before agreeing to it in an indifferent manner. “Sure.”
The twinkle in the children’s eyes grew brighter after both the adults consented to play with them. Estella was the caller for the first round. She stood at the bottom of the staircase while the starting point for the other four was the front door of the mansion.
Since the distance between the two points was very near, Roxanne and Lucian had to take smaller steps to accommodate the children’s strides. 
###Chapter 709
Chapter 709
Chapter 709 Red Light
The game began with Roxanne and Lucian in the middle and the boys on either side. “Green light... Red light!” Estella waited for them to take a few steps before suddenly spinning around.
Although the others stopped in their tracks at once, the two little ones lost their balance and swayed about for a little bit before steadying themselves.
Fortunately, all Estella wanted was for them to all play together. Hence, she did not take issue with it and quickly turned back. When the game resumed, Roxanne could not help wondering whether the boys’ excitement was causing them to veer toward the center.
She glanced at Archie, who was next to her, helplessly. However, all his attention was on Estella standing right in the center. It seemed as though he was straying in that direction solely because he was eager to tag Estella.
Seeing that, Roxanne sighed inwardly and moved toward the center to make room for him.
Meanwhile, Lucian, too, noticed the same thing with Benny. He seems to be behaving oddly, but | can’t quite put my finger on it. After all, if he’s so eager to win the game, it'll make more sense for him to walk forward. Instead, he’s walking sideways like a crab and keeps running into me.
Although Lucian had no idea what Benny was up to, the former still subconsciously took a few steps toward the center to make way for the latter.
Just as Lucian and Roxanne were preoccupied with staying out of the boys’ way, Estella suddenly swung around and called out, “Red light!”
Archie happened to take a step at the same time Estella shouted. Losing his balance, he staggered a little.
Roxanne frowned, worried there would not be enough space for Archie to regain his balance. Not even bothering to think about whether she would get eliminated from the game, she carefully inched further toward the center to leave him more space.
However, she stepped on something as she shifted aside, catching her by surprise. Roxanne froze, then looked down immediately to see what it was.
As for Lucian, he had also gotten similarly tricked. He moved inward to let Benny pass, but right after steadying himself, he felt someone step on his foot.
When Lucian lowered his head, he saw Roxanne retracting her leg while looking somewhat embarrassed. With Archie taking up all the space on her other side, however, she had nowhere to lower that foot after doing so.
For a moment, all she could do was stand on one leg awkwardly. She gazed at Estella with a helpless expression, desperately wishing the latter would quickly turn back around. If she doesn’t, | really don’t think | can keep standing like this. Estella seemed to have read her mind. Her eyes crinkled as she
smiled and turned around slowly.
Roxanne was about to put her foot down when she heard Estella’s voice ring out again. “Green light... Red light!” Startled, Roxanne could not find anywhere to stand. Her body swayed on the spot before toppling forward.
Archie, Benny, and Estella watched the scene nervously. They were afraid she would really take a fall. At the same time, they were worried that Lucian would miss out on the opportunity.
As she was panicking, Roxanne reached out, wanting to grab something to steady herself. However, as soon as she reached out, she remembered they had deliberately chosen to play in an empty space. Hence, there was nothing for her to hold on to.
She was about to withdraw her hand when a large hand grabbed hers firmly. Immediately after that, she felt herself getting pulled into a pair of strong arms. When the children saw Lucian’s swift and natural reaction, they could not help exclaiming, “Wow!” 
###Chapter 710
Chapter 710
Chapter 710 Hugging Her
Roxanne could clearly hear the children’s voices. Unbidden, a strange feeling rose within her. However, it was soon engulfed by a wave of guilt.
Just half an hour ago, she had a falling out with the man beside her. And now, she lost her balance and fell into Lucian’s arms when they were merely playing a game with the children.
To anyone else, however, her actions might very well seem deliberate. Only she herself knew that it was truly an accident on her part. But if | were to clarify things now, I’d only make myself look all the more suspicious...
She rested in the man’s embrace stiffly, her emotions a jumbled mess. On the contrary, Estella was still immersed in the game. She emphatically ordered, “Everyone isn’t to move!”
Archie and Benny immediately answered in the affirmative. Upon receiving no response from the two adults, Estella stared at them with feigned sternness, her expression solemn.
“Got it.” Lucian’s deep voice sounded beside her ears. A flash of surprise flitted across Roxanne’s eyes. If | were to listen to Essie and remain still, I'd have to continue staying in his arms... Worse still, the kids’ gazes have been fixated on us ever since...
At that thought, a sense of aversion welled within her. She tried to break free from Lucian’s arms, but the arm encircling her tightened instead.
“Essie is still awaiting your reply,” Lucian reminded in a low voice beside her ear. Hearing that, Roxanne once again went stiff. She could almost sense Estella’s tangible gaze on her.
Although she couldn't quite see the little girl's countenance from her angle, she could imagine her pitiful expression. Ultimately, she relented and murmured, “Okay.”
Seeing that both the adults had agreed, all three children wore expressions of sheer delight. As Lucian hugged Roxanne, he dipped his eyes and stole a peek at the children’s expressions. Without fail, he clocked the fleeting glee on their faces.
Realizing their true motive in suggesting the game, he felt touched yet amused. Still, he obligingly held the woman in his arms without moving a muscle.
At the sight of her amenability, he couldn’t help chuckling lowly. Roxanne promptly went tense when she distinctly heard his laughter. She lifted her eyes and glanced at the man.
The smile on his face hadn’t faded completely. When their eyes met, there was still a hint of tenderness in his eyes. She was initially irked, but upon beholding his charming smile, she swiftly plunged into a trance.
This is the first time I've seen him smile like that... The two of them gazed at each other for an indeterminate time before she abruptly snapped back to reality. In hindsight, she realized that Estella seemingly hadn’t turned around even after such a long time had passed.
Following that realization, her brows furrowed slightly. In a soft voice, she stated, “I’m a bit tired, so I’m not playing anymore.” After saying that, she broke free from Lucian’s embrace, whirled around, and went upstairs.
The children watched her leave and exchanged guilty glances, aware that they were seemingly too deliberate that Roxanne noticed something amiss.
Likewise, a frown marred Lucian’s countenance. Exasperation was written clear in his eyes. It looks like she’s still unwilling to forgive me.
Estella was the first to gather her wits. Lifting her hand to point at her father, she announced in a soft voice, “Daddy, you’re out!” Inclining his head nonchalantly, Lucian took a step back and extracted himself from between Archie and Benny. 
###Chapter 711
Chapter 711
Chapter 711 Have Dinner Together
The children were no longer in the mood to continue playing. Roxanne had left anyway, so there was no need for them to carry on with the game.
At the side, Lucian watched as they dragged their feet over to the carpet and plopped down listlessly. Twitching his lips in amusement, he lifted his eyes and glanced upstairs. Then, he headed up the stairs.
After all, he had to talk to Roxanne about the misunderstanding earlier and clarify things.
The children initially thought their battle plan this time was a total flop, but they spotted Lucian voluntarily going upstairs when they looked over their shoulders.
Without a shadow of a doubt, he was going to look for Roxanne. When they saw that, a spark of hope flared within them. Upstairs, Roxanne shut herself in the bedroom, feeling exceedingly conflicted.
She didn’t know what was wrong with her earlier. Just a while ago, | was irritated by Lucian’s domineering attitude. Yet, | was still bewitched by the tenderness in his eyes during the game.
Recalling her emotions earlier, she couldn’t help feeling scornful of herself.
Perhaps it was because I'd never seen such an expression on him in the many years I'd loved him, so my past feelings for him made an appearance in those few minutes just now...
While she was spacing out, footsteps suddenly rang out outside the door. They clearly didn’t belong to the children, so it could only be Lucian. Upon perceiving that, Roxanne felt all the more conflicted. Why did he come upstairs?
Before she could brace herself mentally, a knock sounded on her bedroom door. On the heels of that, Lucian’s baritone voice penetrated the door. He sounded a touch muffled through the door. “Are you in there? Let's talk.”
Despite having guessed that the man came upstairs to seek her out, Roxanne was still stunned for a few seconds when she heard him say so in person. She didn’t quite know how to respond to that.
| haven't yet decided how | should face him...
A few knocks sounded again. “If you’re reluctant to allow me in, we can talk like this.” Right after saying that, the man outside the door started speaking without waiting for her response.
“| was indeed too impulsive earlier, but | think you should understand my feelings. You might not believe me when | say this, but to me, your willingness to accept flowers from another man was no different from accepting another man for real. Thus, | actually planned to remove myself and Essie from your life.”
The instant those words drifted into Roxanne’s ears, her brows creased deeply. Mixed emotions brewed in her eyes. If it were six years ago, she would never believe that he would utter such words. | never expected that he would comprise time and again for my sake. She was inexorably moved. Lifting her eyes, she stared in
the direction of the door blankly.
“Right now, perhaps | feel the same as you did six years ago,” Lucian admitted with a soundless sigh. Undeniably, it was easier to articulate some things with a door between them, since they didn’t need to face each other directly.
At the mention of her past self six years ago, Roxanne’s gaze flickered.
“If you need time to calm down, | don’t mind going home first and leaving Essie here. Please also send her to kindergarten tomorrow. I'll come and pick her up at night.”
Once again, Lucian’s voice rang out at the door. Frowning slightly, Roxanne got up and walked over to the door. By the time she opened the door, the man had already reached the landing.
“Stay and have dinner together, Mr. Farwell,” she couldn’t help offering as she gazed at him. When her voice fell, even she herself was stunned for a moment. 
###Chapter 712
Chapter 712
Chapter 712 Exceptional Acting Skills
Lucian, who was standing on the landing, frowned imperceptibly upon hearing that. He turned around and looked at Roxanne by the bedroom door in puzzlement.
Roxanne had her eyes lowered and her brows knitted together slightly as though regretting her offer earlier. Clocking that, Lucian smirked cryptically. “You don’t need to force yourself, Ms. Jarvis. | won’t change my mind because of a meal.”
After he had said that, he tilted his head at her. Then, he spun on his heel and headed down the stairs again.
Roxanne lifted her eyes when she heard movement. Sighing inwardly, she repeated, “Let’s have dinner together. Essie would definitely be sad if you were to leave.”
That remark was meant for both Lucian and herself. Since he mentioned her past self six years ago, she couldn’t help recalling how she felt when she left six years ago at the sight of his lonely figure.
Although her pain then was courtesy of him, she was still soft-hearted and didn’t want others to experience the same sorrow she did at that time.
Hearing her offer, Lucian paused in his tracks. The look in his eyes darkened as his heart clenched painfully. He could surmise the reason she was allowing him to stay, and precisely because of that, he hated his past self more than he already did.
“I'll consider your feelings for me in all seriousness. But | hope that you can give me a bit more time.” Roxanne relented once more.
When Lucian turned around to face her, his expression had already reverted to its usual indifference. “Thank you.” Roxanne flashed him a smile as mixed feelings surged within her heart. Subsequently, the two of them went downstairs, one after another.
Downstairs, the children were playing with Legos distractedly. As soon as they heard movement from upstairs, they instantly sprang to their feet and sprinted to the landing. They gazed at Lucian and Roxanne eagerly, curious to know the progress of their conversation.
Failing to perceive anything even after a while, Benny snapped and asked candidly, “Are you mad, Mommy?”
Roxanne stilled for a few seconds. As the children’s actions earlier occurred to her, she queried in return, “Did you guys do it on purpose?”
The children’s expressions stiffened for a heartbeat when they heard her question.
Fortunately, they all had exceptional acting skills. Their expressions quickly turned innocent, and they regarded their mother in perplexity. “Did we do something wrong?”
“Did | bump into you by accident just now? I’m sorry, Mommy. | was just too competitive,” Archie confessed without prompting. Roxanne eyed them suspiciously for several seconds before frowning in exasperation.
Oh well, they're all smarter than the last. Even if they had really done something, | might not necessarily be able to tell. Besides, they're all looking as innocent as ever that | can’t even bear to doubt them.
Hence, she had no choice but to put away her suspicions. Patting them on the head, she assured softly, “I’m not mad. I’m just a bit tired.”
The children skeptically shifted their gazes to Lucian at the side.
Lucian nodded at them flippantly.
The children finally breathed a sigh of relief, knowing that the two adults must have made up.
In the blink of an eye, smiles bloomed on their faces once more.
Lucian and Roxanne played with them for a while longer. This time, the kids didn’t dare have any tricks up their sleeves, but they still enjoyed themselves immensely.
When evening fell, Roxanne corralled the trio who were playing madly and had them help her prepare dinner together.
Naturally, the children were all more than glad to do so. 
###Chapter 713
Chapter 713
Chapter 713 The Man Sleeping Soundly
The children weren’t much help in the kitchen, but with them around, Roxanne’s turbulent emotions slowly subsided. When she came out after cooking dinner, she immediately spotted Lucian sitting on the couch.
He seemed to be rather tired, for he had already dozed off while they were preparing dinner. His head tipped slightly to the side, and he half-leaned against the couch. Even while asleep, he was still as elegant as ever.
Seeing that, Roxanne instinctively gentled her movements to not make too much noise and made a shushing gesture at the children.
The children followed her gaze. The instant they laid eyes on the sleeping man, a glimmer of bemusement flashed across Archie and Benny's faces.
Daddy would usually settle work matters whenever he was free. But today, he actually fell asleep. Has he been too exhausted from work recently?
The brothers looked at Estella in confusion. When Estella’s eyes fell on the man asleep on the couch, the smile on her face gradually faded. Her eyes brimmed with worry.
Meeting the boys’ gazes, she explained softly, “Daddy hasn’t been sleeping well these days. He keeps having insomnia, but he has a lot of work during the day. So, things have been pretty bad.”
While Lucian had never mentioned that to her, she overheard his conversation with Catalina. Learning that her father had been having trouble sleeping, she had been exceedingly worried.
Subsequently, she seemingly remembered something. She whirled around and gazed at Roxanne expectantly. Roxanne was a tad puzzled upon noticing her gaze.
“Aren't you an impressive doctor, Ms. Jarvis? Can you please help Daddy?” Estella cautiously grasped the hem of the woman's shirt. The worried look on the girl’s face made Roxanne’s heart ache.
If he’s suffering from insomnia due to physical reasons, it’s indeed a piece of cake for me to treat him. But then, physical contact will be inevitable during the treatment process.
She felt rather conflicted as she recalled what happened when they were playing in the afternoon. “Daddy’s condition has persisted for several days.” Estella gave Roxanne’s shirt another tug and looked at her with a beseeching look in her eyes.
In the end, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to turn Estella down. After wavering for a brief moment, she agreed with a smile, “Okay. We'll eat first and let your daddy sleep for a while. When we've finished eating, I'll check him over.”
Upon receiving her agreement, Estella nodded obediently. “Thank you, Ms. Jarvis.” Beaming, Roxanne stroked her head. Then, she had dinner with the three children while the food was still hot. Knowing that Lucian was catching up on sleep, the children were particularly thoughtful. They were extra careful as they ate,
almost making no noise.
After dinner, they all stared at Roxanne in anticipation, hoping she would treat Lucian as soon as possible. Exasperation flooded Roxanne when she saw the look on their faces. “Go and play first. | can’t concentrate with you all eyeballing me.”
Despite feeling somewhat reluctant, the children still went to the backyard docilely, thinking that it was indeed inappropriate for them to be a hindrance at the side while she was treating Lucian.
Roxanne sighed with relief as she watched the kids leave. Considering her level of expertise, she didn’t really need to concentrate if she was merely treating insomnia.
In truth, she just didn’t want them to see her having any physical contact with the man. With them looking on, she couldn't help remembering her various intimate interactions with him previously.
Only when the children had gone so far that their voices couldn’t be heard anymore did she stroll over to the couch and look down at the man who was still sleeping soundly. 
###Chapter 714
Chapter 714
Chapter 714 You Have Been Having Insomnia
In the afternoon, they had a row and later played with the children, so Roxanne didn’t pay much attention to Lucian’s countenance. But as she scrutinized his face at that moment, she discovered that his insomnia in the past few days might have been pretty severe, for there were distinct dark circles under his eyes. Besides, it was rare for him to sleep so soundly.
Even during the few times when we slept together six years ago, he had always been a light sleeper, so much so that he’d immediately jolt avake whenever | drew close to him. Then, he’d get off the bed and leave.
Recalling her experience six years ago, she sighed inwardly as she regarded the man sleeping soundly in front of her. “Mr. Farwell?” Roxanne called out to him softly, hoping to wake him up so as to facilitate the treatment process.
Regretfully, there was absolutely no reaction from Lucian. After hesitating for a few seconds, Roxanne gingerly reached out and rested her hand on his wrist, which lay limp at the side.
No sooner had her fingers come into contact with his pulse than she noticed him frowning, as though he was on the verge of waking up.
The instant she saw that, her heart jolted, and she reflexively tightened her fingers around his wrist. In the next heartbeat, she realized what she had done and hastily wanted to retract her hand. Alas, it was already too late.
While sleeping, Lucian groggily sensed someone approaching him. Just when he was about to open his eyes for a look, he felt a hand grasping his wrist. He instinctively grabbed the hand and pulled the person into his arms.
“Uh...” Caught off guard, Roxanne was yanked into his embrace. She groaned unconsciously before reaching out to break free from his hold. “It’s me, Lucian! Let go of me!”
Lucian frowned slightly when he heard that voice, finding it rather familiar. Lifting his eyes, he was greeted by the sight of Roxanne sitting on his lap uneasily, struggling in a panic.
He was already irritated as he was awakened when he finally managed to fall asleep after having had insomnia for several days in a row.
Thus, his gaze darkened when he saw her showing aversion to him. At the same time, his grip on her tightened, rendering her immobile.
“What are you doing?” Roxanne’s brows promptly scrunched together. Sensing a dangerous aura from the man, she wanted to escape, but she was no match for the man’s strength.
Just as she was about to say something else, his strong arms locked onto her shoulders and forced her to turn around. In an instant, she was faced with the man’s grim expression while sitting on his lap.
“Don’t misunderstand. Essie said you’ve been having insomnia recently and begged me to—’” Roxanne attempted to explain things, flustered.
Unexpectedly, Lucian’s frown deepened before she had even finished speaking. “Keep quiet.” He was suffering from a terrible headache due to insufficient sleep. For that reason, he frowned irritably at the noisy woman before him and reached out to cover her mouth.
Because of his actions, Roxanne’s voice screeched to an abrupt halt. She remained frozen in his arms for a long while, not daring to move a single muscle for fear that he would do something intimate again.
When she fell silent, Lucian’s expression eased considerably. He then closed his eyes for a while before he awakened fully. As soon as he spotted Roxanne, who remained completely still in his arms, his gaze glinted darkly.
Perhaps because of his inherently devilish nature, her expression had him gripped by the desire to tease her.
That aside, she was seemingly frightened by him and hadn't yet noticed that he was already fully awake.
As realization dawned upon him, a fleeting smile flashed across his eyes. He slowly leaned toward the woman in his embrace. 
###Chapter 715
Chapter 715
Chapter 715 Acted On Reflex
Terrified by Lucian’s sudden movement to the point that she didn’t dare move, Roxanne reacted like a petrified cat when the man drew close to her. She desperately tried to break free, but he effortlessly seized her hands and locked them behind her back. No matter how hard she struggled, she couldn’t break free.
“Wake up, Lucian!” Her eyes brimmed with panic as the distance between their lips diminished. Even her voice had grown a touch tense. Unfortunately, Lucian remained unmoved and continued leaning closer to her.
Only when the distance between them was so negligible that they could sense each other’s breathing and Roxanne was so nervous that her heart almost stopped pounding did she sense the man finally drawing to a stop.
Heaving a sigh of relief, she cautiously turned her face and studied his expression to ascertain whether he had awakened. The moment she did so, she met the man’s clear gaze.
“Sorry. | was still half-awake earlier.” Masking the mirth in his eyes, Lucian put on an apologetic expression. As he said that, he released his grip on her hands and allowed her to leave his embrace.
In all honestly, he wanted to continue teasing her. But after seeing her reaction, he felt that he should quit while he was ahead.
Before Roxanne could even lambast him, he had already apologized. For a moment, her expression froze. She couldn't quite decide between throwing a fit and forgiving him.
She was stunned for some time before she realized that she should leave the man’s arms before all else. With that thought in mind, she bit her lip and lowered her eyes as she got ready to stand up.
Unexpectedly, she had been too apprehensive earlier and didn’t dare budge an inch. Adding to the fact that she had been restrained for too long, her legs had already gone numb by the time she tried to get up.
Before she could regain her feet, she swayed and toppled forward, falling right into Lucian’s arms.
Never having expected such a delightful surprise, Lucian calmly opened his arms and allowed her to fall straight into his embrace.
“How dare you!” Roxanne panickily struggled to pull away and glared at the man who appeared all nonchalant before her. She wanted to reprimand him, but she didn’t know where to start.
After all, she was the one who accidentally fell earlier. Furthermore, she basically deserved it when he restrained her in his arms because she took the initiative to approach him first.
She could already imagine the arguments the man would use to riposte her before she had even started with her accusations.
Thinking about his possible reaction, she lowered her eyes and zipped her mouth in frustration. Getting to her feet while clutching at the back of the couch carefully, she remained standing there for a few seconds to get herself steady. At the same time, her brain whirred at warp speed, hoping to forget the whole blunder just now.
“| hadn't been sleeping too well in the past two days. I'd finally managed to fall into a deep sleep earlier, so | likely acted on reflex when you touched me without warning. I’m sorry,” Lucian uttered airily.
Following his explanation, Roxanne appeared to have even lesser reason to blow up at him.
In a nutshell, Lucian was trying to brush off his faux pas earlier by claiming that she had disrupted his sleep.
They both stared at each other for a long time before Lucian decided to spare the woman before him, thanks to his good mood. Arching a brow, he inquired, “So, why did you suddenly approach me, Ms. Jarvis?”
Since Roxanne was still feeling irate inwardly, her tone wasn’t all that pleasant. “Essie asked me to help treat your insomnia. But seeing that you were sleeping so soundly earlier, | don’t think that’s necessary anymore.”
After saying that, she made to whirl around and leave, not in the mood to see his face anymore. She spun on her heel and walked a distance away, but the man behind her remained unusually silent. Finding it a tad strange, she glanced back over her shoulder in puzzlement, only to meet the man’s dark gaze.
As their eyes locked, her heart lurched. She turned back and went to the backyard without a backward glance. 
###Chapter 716
Chapter 716
Chapter 716 Did You Pick On Her
“Mommy!” Concerned about the interaction between the two adults in the house, the children hadn’t been in the mood to play. The instant they caught sight of Roxanne coming out, they immediately swarmed over to her.
Roxanne smilingly patted them on the head, but her expression was somewhat distracted.
Clocking the look on the woman’s face, Estella tilted her head in puzzlement. She cast her gaze behind Roxanne, but she didn’t see any signs of Lucian.
“Did Daddy pick on you, Ms. Jarvis?” she queried cautiously.
The mention of the man in the house made Roxanne unconsciously frown. Feigning a nonchalant expression, she shook her head with a smile. “Nope.”
Estella stared at her with suspicion written clear in her eyes. “Where is he, then?”
Roxanne turned and glanced in the direction of the living room before replying, “He has just awakened. Perhaps... he’s still sitting on the couch.”
Having said that, she hastily withdrew her gaze and wanted to change the subject. Alas, Estella didn’t give her that chance. She persistently questioned, “Can you treat his insomnia, Ms. Jarvis?” Roxanne choked.
Because of Lucian’s sudden awakening and what he did after that, she hadn’t the time to take his pulse. She didn’t even know why he was suffering from insomnia, let alone treat him.
Therefore, that question truly had her caught between a rock and a difficult place.
Seemingly aware that she wouldn't be able to answer that, Estella looked at her for a long while before declaring firmly, “He picked on you, Ms. Jarvis!”
Otherwise, she wouldn't be unable to answer my question at all. At the very least, she would have been able to either say yes or no. Her expression now makes it apparent that she didn’t even have the chance to diagnose his problem. They must have had a row again!
At that thought, she pouted in chagrin. “Daddy is such a jerk!” Upon hearing that, Roxanne’s wrath and embarrassment finally dissipated. She found the situation rather hilarious.
For some inexplicable reason, she’s biased toward me, so much so that she’s certain Lucian picked on me without asking any questions about whatever happened.
“Don’t be angry, Ms. Jarvis. I'll avenge you!” Estella gingerly tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s shirt.
Seeing her solemn expression, the smile on Roxanne’s face turned genuine. “I’m not angry, and your daddy didn’t pick on me either. Calm down, Essie.”
While saying that, she stroked Estella’s head soothingly.
Still, the little girl scrutinized her for a long moment.
To convince her, Roxanne bit the bullet and added, “I'll check him out later regarding his insomnia. It shouldn't be a big problem.” Estella believed her half-dubiously upon hearing her remark.
Roxanne chatted with the children for some time. When she noticed it was getting late, she brought them back into the mansion. Unsurprisingly, Lucian was still sitting on the couch, but this time, he was dealing with work matters while wearing a frown. When he heard them coming in, he lifted his eyes and cast his gaze over.
“Daddy.” For once, Estella voluntarily let go of Roxanne’s hand and went over to her father.
Lucian regarded his daughter in mystification, wondering what she was up to.
Estella climbed onto the couch unhurriedly and leaned close to her father’s ear. In a whisper, she demanded, “Did you pick on Ms. Jarvis earlier?”
After asking that, she pulled away from him. Sticking her hands on her hips, she shot daggers at her father as though interrogating a suspect. 
###Chapter 717
Chapter 717
Chapter 717 Not As Terrified As Before
Roxanne had no idea what Estella whispered next to Lucian’s ear. All she knew was that the man looked at her meaningfully after Estella had spoken to him before denying in a low voice, “No.”
No sooner had he said that than they both swung their gazes at her. Lucian wore a bizarrely innocent expression, while suspicion was written all over Estella’s face.
The question Estella asked her when they were in the backyard earlier flashed across Roxanne’s mind. Complemented by their expressions, she felt that she could surmise the situation to a tee.
At the thought of Estella’s determination to avenge her, Roxanne was both amused and exasperated. After a few seconds of silence, she stepped forward and started, “Essie is exceedingly worried about you, so I’d best take a look at you. Besides, it’s a problem if you keep having insomnia.”
In other words, she was trying to tell him that she only decided to treat him for Estella’s sake. When Lucian heard that, he quirked an eyebrow and glanced at his daughter beside him. Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
Estella nodded emphatically with triumph etched across her features.
Clocking that, Lucian chuckled lightly and held his wrist out to Roxanne.
Roxanne lifted her hand and grasped his wrist. While diagnosing his condition, however, she couldn't quite ignore the warmth emanating from his wrist.
It should have only taken a minute or two at most, but it took quite a while because she kept getting distracted.
“Never mind if you really can’t determine the cause. Perhaps I’ve been too busy with work these days. I'll be fine after resting for a few days,” Lucian drawled insouciantly upon seeing that she couldn’t diagnose his condition after some time had passed.
Roxanne happened to find the cause at that instant. Dropping her fingers from his wrist, she stated placidly, “Your liver is a bit inflamed, probably because of overwork. Take some medicine to reduce the inflammation. Alternatively, it'll also heal by itself after you rest for a few days.”
Lucian inclined his head in acknowledgment. “It's getting late. You should bring Essie home earlier, Mr. Farwell.” Roxanne began asking him to leave after glancing at the time.
Lucian didn’t voice any ions either. He got up from the couch nonchalantly and looked down at Estella, who was still sitting on the couch with a reluctant expression on her face.
Although Estella had played with Archie, Benny, and Roxanne for the whole afternoon, she was still disinclined to leave. She gazed at Roxanne pitifully, hoping that the latter would allow her to stay.
“Be good, Essie. I’ve got work recently, so | can’t let you sleep over here. If you want to come over in the future, you can do so anytime.” Roxanne patted her head apologetically.
At the side, Archie and Benny nodded as they seconded, “Bring Essie here often to play, Mr. Farwell!”
Astrange feeling flittered deep within Roxanne’s heart when she heard the two boys saying that out of the blue.
It seems that their attitudes toward Lucian had changed entirely after the hot spring vacation. | still remember that they were even more averse to him than | was in the past. If this were to continue, | wouldn't be surprised if they were to learn about their identities one day.
The moment Roxanne realized the direction of her thoughts, her brows knitted together imperceptibly.
For some inexplicable reason, I’m not as terrified as before at the thought of them learning about their identities. Is it because of the changes in the man before me?
As that thought occurred to her, she instinctively lifted her eyes and stole a peek at the man standing in front of her.
Lucian nodded at her apathetically before gazing down at Archie and Benny. In a gentle voice, he murmured, “Thank you. I'll be sure to do that.”
While they conversed, they wholly ignored Roxanne, the true owner of the house.
She was deluged with exasperation, but she couldn't be bothered to gainsay them anyway. 
###Chapter 718
Chapter 718
Chapter 718 Surprised She Is Willing To Apologize
Despite her reluctance, Estella knew that they would definitely be frequent visitors henceforth since her father was pursuing Roxanne. Thus, she obediently slid off the couch and sweetly bid Roxanne farewell before leaving with Lucian.
Only when Lucian’s car had driven into the distance did Roxanne turn back around and return to the mansion with Archie and Benny.
The two boys spent the whole day playing and worrying about the adults’ matters, so they started yawning incessantly now that things had settled down.
It was already pretty late, so Roxanne had them go in and rest while she went to the study.
As the top prestigious family in the medical field in the country, the Damaris family attracted much attention despite having gone into seclusion for many years.
Consequently, the research institute established this time promptly came to light as soon as it was completed.
When it came to the collaboration this time, the Damaris family didn’t plan on keeping a low profile. Instead, they would be publicizing the list of their collaborators in the next few days.
By then, that list would not only represent the collaborators of the Damaris family, but it would also signify the Damaris family pointing out the top doctors in the country to the ordinary people in Chanaea.
As one of the members on that list, Roxanne had to work all the harder to improve her medical skills so that she wouldn't disappoint anyone.
While she was poring over medical books, her phone at the side rang all of a sudden. She glanced at it, only to see that it was a call from Jack. Hence, she answered the call without hesitation. “Is something the matter that you're calling at this hour, Mr. Damaris?”
Jack massaged his brows, sounding a touch solemn. “Do you still remember the daughter of the Hightower family back then, Ms. Jarvis? | mean, the woman who railed at you while in a drunken state.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne combed through her memories before she finally recalled the person in question.
Almost all her focus had been occupied by Lucian and the project recently, so she would have long since cast that woman to the back of her mind if Jack didn’t mention her.
“Yes, | remember her. Why?” she queried in puzzlement.
“It was because of this matter that my grandfather suddenly called me home this afternoon. He asked me to help contact you, claiming that Jessica Hightower would like to apologize to you in person. What do you think? If you don’t want to go, | can turn it down for you,” Jack uttered.
Roxanne wavered for a long moment. According to what he said earlier, this is Old Mr. Damaris’ wish. While | think there’s no need for us to meet, | naturally have to show the old man some respect.
On the other end of the phone, Jack seemingly discerned her thoughts. In a deep voice, he added, “You don’t need to worry about my grandfather. He won’t doubt your capabilities because of such an irrelevant matter.”
Roxanne smiled gratefully at his reassurance. Then, she answered calmly, “It’s okay. If Ms. Hightower is sincere about apologizing, | don’t mind meeting her. Who knows, we can be friends.”
Never having expected her to agree so readily, Jack was stunned for a few seconds. Subsequently, he warned with a frown, “Forget about making friends with her. I’m already surprised she’s willing to apologize, considering her temperament. I’m afraid the meeting this time won't be that pleasant.”
Roxanne had only interacted with Jessica once, so she didn’t understand her all that well.
Her heart grew heavy when she heard Jack’s remark, but still, she found it necessary to do Hector that favor. “Thank you for the warning, Mr. Damaris. I'll be careful when meeting her.”
The Damaris family would be publicizing the list soon, so she didn’t want to start any unnecessary trouble.
Jack grunted in acknowledgment. The two of them then bid each other good night before hanging up. 
###Chapter 719
Chapter 719
Chapter 719 Shut Up
After hanging up the phone, Jack texted Stephen directly, saying that Roxanne had agreed to a meeting. Without waiting for a reply, he turned off his phone and went to sleep.
As soon as Stephen woke up the next morning, he saw the message from Jack. Seeing the affirmative response from Roxanne, the heavy boulder that had been weighing on him in the past few days finally eased.
If I'm correct, Lucian is only attacking Hightower Group because my daughter offended Roxanne. As long as she can obtain her forgiveness, the Hightower family will likely be able to get out of the crisis this time.
Great relief suffused him at that thought. During breakfast, he initially wanted to lecture his pampered daughter as usual when she was late. But upon remembering that he still had something to ask of her, he swallowed the words on the tip of his tongue.
“I've already had Jack set up an appointment with the lady you offended a few days ago. Find a time to apologize to her in person,” Stephen instructed tersely.
Hearing that, Jessica abruptly stilled and lifted her eyes to look at her father in utter disbelief. She didn’t think that she had done anything wrong.
The Hightower and Damaris families were pretty close. For that reason, she had made the acquaintance of a number of young and talented individuals who enjoyed some prestige in the medical field.
However, she had never heard of Roxanne.
Despite Lucian backing Roxanne up that night, Jessica still questioned Roxanne’s medical skills and her capability of securing a collaboration with the Damaris family.
She initially thought that her father would understand her. But never had she expected him to ground her after she was sent home that night.
In the past few days, | hadn’t even stepped foot out of the house. Now, he has brought this matter up again, but he actually wants me to apologize to her. What gives?
She expressed herself candidly. “No way. | didn’t do anything wrong, so why should | apologize to her?”
When Stephen heard that, he was so livid that he slammed his fork down. Without allowing any room for negotiation, he ordered, “Regardless of whether you did anything wrong, you must apologize to her. If you don’t do so, you'll no longer be my daughter from now on out!”
As he finished his sentence, he shot a glare at his daughter. Then, he got to his feet and went back upstairs. Jessica watched her father leave, her eyes brimming with grievance and shock.
This is the first time he ever blew up at me, and because of that woman named Roxanne to boot! What exactly is so great about her that everyone is siding with her?
When she recalled Roxanne’s interaction with Jack that night, her temper spiked.
Coupled with the fact that she was just lectured by her father, she lost all her appetite. With a dark expression on her face, she slammed her fork onto the table.
“Ms. Hightower—" the housekeeper murmured worriedly upon noticing that she hadn't eaten at all.
No sooner had she spoken than the person in front of her snapped her head back viciously. Jabbing a finger in her face, Jessica lambasted, “Even you want to control me now? Who do you think you are? Shut up!”
The housekeeper’s face flushed bright red at the severe censure. She went wholly silent.
Only when Jessica had finished lashing out and whirled around to stalk up the stairs did she dare to straighten up. She then cleared the dining table without daring to utter a single word.
Jessica returned to her bedroom, looking all grim. As she recalled her father’s words earlier, resentment glinted in her eyes.
He wants me to apologize to that b*tch? Hah, that’s impossible! But since he already made himself clear, I’m afraid I'd have to meet her anyway.
The mere thought of having to meet Roxanne again caused a wave of disgust to wash over her. 
###Chapter 720
Chapter 720
Chapter 720 List Of Partners
Roxanne assumed that the list of partners would only be announced by the Damaris family in a few days. Little did she expect to receive Larry's call the next morning, right after she woke up.
Hence, she answered the phone groggily. “Have you seen it? The Damaris family has released the list of partners.” Larry’s voice rang out the moment the call connected. His words jolted Roxanne awake. “Why so sudden?”
I'm not ready yet. Larry chuckled. “I’m as clueless as you are. However, | heard that there'll be a commencement event in two days in the form of a press conference. Therefore, we had better be prepared, as reporters nowadays can be very demanding. Who knows what sort of questions will be thrown out by them, especially toward someone new like you who doesn’t have any background.”
The grateful Roxanne replied, “Thanks for giving me the heads-up, Larry. I'll make the necessary preparations.”
Nonetheless, Larry quickly followed up. “Anyway, congratulations, Dr. Jarvis. Your reputation in this country has finally gained some traction.”
Roxanne pursed her lips into a smile. “I hope that | won’t let everyone down.” “I'm sure you won't,” Larry reassured her. As the purpose of Larry’s call was to compliment her, both of them exchange further pleasantries before ending it.
Subsequently, Roxanne, still having trouble accepting the fact, sat on her bed with her legs crossed while checking the morning news.
Just as expected, she saw the news relating to the Damaris family’s project where the list of partners was also attached. On that list, her name was right below Larry's, followed by Daniel and other famous doctors within the country.
In spite of that, Roxanne—staring at the list—was still a bundle of nerves, for she had joined as someone new. Therefore, in the eyes of the public, she was someone without a track record in the medical field.
Even though she was used to being seen through colored lenses, the skepticism toward her this time would probably be amplified by a thousand times.
All of sudden, Roxanne didn’t know how she was supposed to face the situation.
It was when she felt unsettled that her phone rang again.
Getting a grip on herself, Roxanne glanced down at her phone and saw Harvey's name on the caller ID.
“| heard that you have been appointed as one of the partners of the Damaris family?” Harvey, who was overseas all this while, seldom followed the local news.
If he hadn’t seen the list announced today, he would be oblivious to what was going on.
Having not heard from her professor in a very long time, Roxanne’s face lit up in joy. “You heard it already? | had only wanted to tell you once everything is set.”
Harvey smiled as he sidestepped her reply. “Well done. Anyway, I’ve gone through the list and saw many local pioneers there. Compared to them, you and Larry are relatively more inexperienced.”
His comment struck a chord with Roxanne’s insecurities, triggering a dejected expression to descend upon her face.
Given how well Harvey knew his student, he could imagine her reaction without even looking. Thus, he—with a smile—consoled her, “Having said that, you don’t have to feel anxious about the matter, as | have confidence in your capabilities. Besides, you’re a student of the great Harvey Lambert. If anyone dares to doubt you, you can get them to see me.”
Harvey’s words succeeded in reassuring Roxanne. “I understand. Thank you, Professor Lambert. | won’t disappoint you.” 
###Chapter 721 Ruining Her Reputation
Chapter 721 Ruining Her Reputation
Meanwhile, the news naturally didn’t escape Jessica’s attention.
At the sight of Roxanne’s name on the list, a gloomy expression appeared on her face.
That woman is not only working with Jack but also has her name listed so close to the top. Jessica couldn’t help but recall the distance between Roxanne and Jack’s seats the other night. What has she done to deserve it?
After staring at Roxanne’s name for a long time, an insidious look flashed across her eyes.
I'll reveal her true colors for everyone to see since she is nothing more than a pretty face. | have no idea what she has done to Jack for him to think so highly of her, and | can’t believe how big-headed she has become. When | finally expose her, she'll no longer be able to show her face in the local medical industry anymore. When that happens, Jack will never be able to be together with her regardless of how much he likes that pretty face of hers!
Just imagining how Roxanne was ridiculed by the public was enough to spark a sense of elation within Jessica.
Now that she had figured out her plan, the grim-looking Jessica made a few calls.
In the afternoon, Stephen’s expression drastically darkened at the sight of Jessica’s empty seat.
After all, he had gone all out to obtain an opportunity to seek Lucian’s forgiveness.
Little did he expect that after all that he had done, his plans were foiled by his own daughter.
Regardless of how much effort he put in, it would be all for naught if Jessica refused to apologize.
At that moment, given how late his daughter was to lunch, it was clear that she had no intention of showing any remorse.
Just as Stephen's frustration began to set in, the sound of footsteps could be heard from upstairs, followed by Jessica emerging from the corner of the stairs.
The sight of her elicited a sigh of relief from Stephen. Subsequently, his tone was very much eased when he spoke. “Have you given the matter | told you some thought?”
His words caused Jessica’s expression to darken momentarily before recovering its usual calm. Smiling obediently, she replied, “Since that’s what you want, | have no choice even if it’s against my wishes. So, instead of delaying it any further, can you help me ask Ms. Jarvis if she’s free tonight?”
The relieved Stephen answered, “All right. I'll check with her.”
From his perspective, apologizing to Roxanne and obtaining her forgiveness as soon as possible was the best possible outcome. Only then would Lucian let Hightower Group go.
After lunch, Stephen sent Jack a message to check if he and Roxanne were available that night in front of his daughter.
When Jack received the message, a sense of dread crept into him.
However, since it was Jessica, he didn’t give it much thought. In the worst-case scenario of her trying to repeat her tantrum, he would be there to keep the situation under control.
Holding that thought, Jack relayed the message to Roxanne who swiftly agreed to the meeting.
Once he received her confirmation, Jack replied to Stephen immediately and fixed the time and place.
After being told of the appointment, an icy glint flashed across Jessica’s eyes.
“Remember to mind your attitude in the evening.” Worried that his daughter would behave rashly again, the concerned Stephen reminded, “Ms. Jarvis has powerful patrons. Hence, she’s not someone we can afford to offend.”
Unfortunately, her father’s words had only served to intensify Jessica’s contempt for Roxanne and fanned the flames of her desire to ruin the latter’s reputation.
When evening arrived, Jessica headed out early.
Thinking that she was really going to apologize to Roxanne, the naive Stephen watched her get into the car and left. 
###Chapter 722 Do You Feel Pressured
Chapter 722 Do You Feel Pressured
Meanwhile, Roxanne had delegated Madilyn to pick the children up to Madilyn as she promptly headed to the meeting. No sooner had she stepped out the door than she saw Jack’s car at the entrance.
At the sight of her, he alighted from the car and took a look behind her. Feeling slightly disappointed, he inquired, “Are the children still at school?”
Roxanne nodded. “I got a friend of mine to pick them up. Is there a reason why you want to see them, Mr. Damaris?”
Jack casually nodded. “I've brought them some gifts. But since they’re not around, let's just forget it. I'll personally hand them over the next time | see the boys.”
The fact that he had prepared presents for them surprised Roxanne, for she didn’t expect him to be so attentive.
“Since you have gotten them the presents, it’s only right you hand them to the boys yourself.” Roxanne pursed her lips into a smile upon regaining her senses.
With that, she turned around and headed toward her car. She had barely taken a step when Jack’s voice rang out from behind her.
“| think you shouldn't drive, as it'll be hard to avoid drinking tonight. If you drive there, you'll just end up having to collect your car tomorrow.”
His words caused Roxanne to stop as a conflicted expression emerged on her face. She still remembered the tantrum Jessica had thrown when she got drunk because Jack was too close to her.
Therefore, if Jessica were to see her arrive in Jack’s car, the former would change her mind at the last minute even if her desire to apologize was sincere.
Cognizant of her concerns, Jack reassured her, “What happened the last time was my fault. That said, since there's nothing going on between the two of us, you shouldn't overthink the matter. If she repeats her accusations from the other day, I'll clear the air.”
Sensing from his tone that he felt responsible, Roxanne knitted her brows. “It’s not your fault, Mr. Damaris. There’s no need to blame yourself.”
No sooner had she spoken than she glanced at her watch and realized it was time to go. If they were to delay any further, they would likely be late for the appointment.
Cognizant of the situation, Roxanne stopped hesitating and walked up to Jack’s side.
After declining his suggestion for her to sit in the front passenger seat, she opened the back seat door and got in.
Despite the frown on his face, Jack reminded himself of her concerns and didn’t persist and returned to the car.
Soon, the car gradually started driving from Roxanne’s home.
“By the way, why was the list of partners announced so suddenly?” Along the journey to the restaurant, Roxanne couldn't help but ask.
With his hand on the wheel, Jack replied in a deep voice, “Well, it wasn’t. The Damaris family has been making preparations for a long time and has gotten in touch with the media. Also, since the aim of our project is to provide a public service, they naturally deserve to know. Therefore, announcing the name list is our way of being transparent to them, on top of showing everyone how important the project is to the Damaris family.”
Roxanne couldn't help but feel amazed by the explanation.
When Larry mentioned earlier that commencement events were to be held soon, she didn’t take him seriously. It turned out that the Damaris family had indeed liaised with the media.
Nevertheless, the turn of events didn’t come as such a surprise after hearing Jack’s reasoning.
“Actually, | had wanted to inform you yesterday but was called away by Grandpa.” Showing concern, Jack inquired, “Do you feel pressured due to the sudden announcement?”
As a fellow doctor, Roxanne—finding no reason to hide her thoughts from him—responded with a nod. “A little, but the pressure will serve as my future motivation.” 
###Chapter 723 Shocking News
Chapter 723 Shocking News
Although he was initially surprised by Roxanne’s words, Jack quickly found it reasonable after giving it some thought. After all, from the first day he met her, he knew that she wasn’t someone to shy away from a challenge.
With that thought in mind, he gave the lady sitting in the backseat a look of admiration through the rearview mirror. When he saw the resolve written all over Roxanne’s face, Jack couldn't help but feel moved by it.
Finally, they made their way through the heavy traffic and managed to arrive at the restaurant right on the dot.
They expected Jessica to have arrived; however, the latter was nowhere to be seen.
As the empty table caused both of them to exchange glances, a sense of dread descended upon the two of them concurrently. “I'll call and check,” Jack suggested with a cocked brow once they took their seats.
Nodding in acknowledgment, Roxanne could feel an inexplicable sense of trepidation creeping into her.
“Jack, have you arrived?”
Jessica’s voice rang out the moment the call connected.
With the phone on speaker, Jack grunted in response before asking, “Where are you?”
At that moment, Jessica—sitting languidly in the café next door—replied with an apologetic tone, “I’m really sorry. Please wait a
few more minutes for me, as I’m currently stuck in traffic. | thought | was going to be early when | left home but.
Her explanation caused Jack and Roxanne to glance at each other. Although they were skeptical about it, they couldn’t find any fault with the excuse since it was indeed peak hour.
Even though Roxanne’s house was close, traffic did hold them back for almost half an hour. As aresult, Jessica would naturally take longer since Hightower residence was even further away. Having considered it, Jack replied grimly, “All right then. There’s no need to rush. Just drive safe.”
Despite the contempt that flashed across Jessica’s eyes, she didn’t let it affect her cordial tone. “As I'll probably be stuck here for a while, there’s no need to wait for me. I’ll get the restaurant staff to serve you first.”
Just when Jack wanted to decline, the waiter arrived with the food. Having no other choice but to accept it implicitly, he responded, “We'll be waiting for you.”
With a hum of acknowledgment, Jessica ended the call before going on to make another.
Oblivious to what she was up to, Jack and Roxanne assumed that she was really held up by traffic.
All they did was stare at the food in front of them with neither showing any intention to dig in.
Firstly, Jessica had not shown up. Secondly, both of them felt that something was amiss.
In spite of that, when Roxanne scanned the surroundings and didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary, she had no choice but to suppress the suspicion that arose within her.
Subsequently, both of them discussed the partnership while waiting for Jessica to show up.
However, unknown to them, a camera flash repeatedly lit up from amongst the trees outside the window.
Back at the café Jessica was in, she had just finished a cup of coffee when the screen on her phone started blinking. After throwing it a glance, she picked it up to answer.
“I've gotten the pictures,” said a voice succinctly.
His words elicited a cocked brow from Jessica as she replied in glee, “In that case, I'll be waiting for your shocking exposé tomorrow.”
“Me too,” the man responded in a solemn tone.
With that, Jessica ended the call. 
###Chapter 724 Please Do Not Take Offence
Chapter 724 Please Do Not Take Offence
Subsequently, she got to her feet and regained her composure before heading to the restaurant next door.
“I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.”
Upon entering the restaurant, Jessica gave her two guests an apologetic look.
Her arrival brought a sense of relief to Roxanne and Jack who responded with a faint smile. “It’s all right. Please take a seat.”
Nodding in acknowledgment, Jessica sat down beside them. However, at the sight of the untouched food on the table, she looked at them in surprise. “Didn’t | ask you to start first? Why did you wait for me? I’m really sorry that the food is now cold.”
Since Roxanne didn’t know Jessica that well, she simply broke into a cordial smile.
As for Jack, he gave her a perfunctory reply. “Since you're the host, it’s right that we wait for you.”
He had barely spoken when silence descended upon the table.
Ata loss as to what to do, Roxanne gave Jack an awkward look, for she intended to leave early if possible. When Jessica wasn’t around, she and Jack could still talk about the partnership.
Now that the former had arrived, they would have to stop.
Thus, Roxanne had no desire to continue wasting time there.
When Jack’s eyes met hers, he easily guessed what was on her mind. Taking the initiative to break the silence, he said, “Jessica, didn’t you mention that this meal...”
Jolted back to her senses, Jessica threw Roxanne a knowing glance. “Ah, I’m sorry. | was befuddled after getting stuck in the traffic for so long. The fact that I’m supposed to apologize to Ms. Jarvis over dinner almost slipped my mind.”
Jessica then got to her feet and raised her glass at Roxanne. “I had too much to drink the other night, Ms. Jarvis. Therefore, | hope that you'll excuse my behavior. This toast is a symbol of my apology!”
No sooner had she spoken than she downed her glass of wine in a single gulp. After that, she showed her empty glass to them and even paused in front of Roxanne to hint at her.
Her gesture elicited a conflicted look in Roxanne’s eyes, as it was evident that Jessica was pressuring her into reciprocating with a drink.
However, she would only drink when it was absolutely necessary. On top of that, Jessica was supposed to apologize instead of putting her in another difficult position. “Ms. Jarvis, are you unwilling to forgive me?” With a slight knit of her brows, Jessica was filled with remorse. “I understand why
you wouldn’t want to do so, considering how outrageous my behavior was. For throwing a tantrum at you in front of so many, | was even grounded by my father the moment | got home. Subsequently, | used the last few days to reflect upon my actions.”
Pausing briefly, Jessica pursed her lips in a self-deprecating manner and turned to look at Jack. “I don’t deny having feelings for Jack, but who he fancies is none of my business. Also, | shouldn’t have forced my feelings upon him and put both of you ina difficult spot. It doesn’t matter whether both of you forgive me or not. | just want to let you know that I’m truly sorry for my actions.”
Jessica’s brimming sincerity ignited a glint in Roxanne’s eyes.
In truth, she wasn’t bothered at all by what happened that day. Now that Jessica had apologized, it was only appropriate for her to provide a response.
Holding that thought, Roxanne raised her glass in the end. “Ms. Hightower, it’s not as serious as you make it out to be. To be honest, | didn’t take offense over what happened that day. Therefore, you shouldn't too.”
The moment she finished, Roxanne flashed a flat smile before downing a glass of wine.
No sooner had she done so that her brows instantly furrowed. 
###Chapter 725 Why Did You Not Pick Us Up
Chapter 725 Why Did You Not Pick Us Up
“What's wrong?”
Noticing the grim look on her face, Jack frowned and inquired.
However, Roxanne just waved at him before throwing Jessica a glance.
Did Jessica do this on purpose? Why did she choose such a strong wine for dinner?
Nevertheless, when Roxanne didn’t notice anything amiss after drinking it, she wondered if she had been overthinking what was going on.
After downing two glasses of wine, the three of them fell into another awkward silence.
After all, the reason they were gathered was just to hear Jessica’s apology.
Cognizant of the tension, Jessica exchanged pleasantries briefly before getting up to take her leave.
Once she was gone, Jack turned toward Roxanne. “Are you hungry? Do you want to eat someplace else?” Both of them barely ate and the food was already cold.
Nonetheless, Roxanne, feeling a little woozy, wondered what sort of wine had Jessica ordered. Although she only had a small glass, the after-effects were extremely strong.
In response to Jack’s question, she shook her head with a frown. “It’s fine. | should head back earlier anyway, as the children should be home by now. | can’t let them wait up for me.”
Naturally, Jack didn’t insist and got up to leave with her.
When they went down the stairs upon leaving the restaurant, Roxanne accidentally slipped and almost fell down.
Fortunately, Jack noticed it and turned around to catch her in the nick of time.
“Thank you,” Roxanne murmured before retracting her hand.
Jack flashed a smile. “No problem.”
After they got into the car one after the other, Jack—who didn’t drink—decided to drive Roxanne home to not trouble the driver. On the way home, a black sedan followed them from a safe distance.
With his attention entirely focused on Roxanne, Jack didn’t notice the car at all.
As the traffic jam had cleared, it took them less than ten minutes to reach Roxanne’s home.
“It's getting late, so forgive me for not inviting you in,” Roxanne explained in a cursory tone.
Jack gave her a casual nod. “You should hurry back in. As for Archie and Benny’s presents, I'll hand them over the next time | see them.”
After acknowledging him with a smile, Roxanne alighted and headed home.
It wasn’t until he saw her go back in that Jack drove leisurely back to the Damaris residence.
“Mommy!” The moment Roxanne stepped through the door, the two boys beamed and rushed up to her side.
She tousled their hair with a smile before changing out of her shoes.
Meanwhile, they gave her a puzzled look. “Why didn’t you pick us up tonight?”
After the interaction from the day before, the boys and Estella assumed that Roxanne would pick them up as usual. Thus, the sight of Madilyn surprised them.
While Estella was visibly disappointed, the boys were worried that their mother had a new tiff with their father.
Consequently, Roxanne was baffled to see the children’s anxious looks. “I had a last-minute appointment tonight. What's wrong?”
Upon exchanging glances, the boys observed Roxanne for a while. Only after they determined she wasn’t lying did relief descend upon them. Smiling gleefully, they replied, “Nothing. We're just curious. That's all.”
Roxanne grinned apologetically. “I’m sorry | didn’t inform you ahead of time. Going forward, I'll try my best to pick you up on time, all right?”
Hearing Roxanne’s promise, there was a glint in the boys’ eyes and they jumped in joy. 
###Chapter 726
Chapter 726
Chapter 726 | Cannot Forgive You
The next morning, while Roxanne was having breakfast with the children before sending them to school, the doorbell suddenly Tang.
The ring caused Roxanne and the boys to exchange glances as the same thought popped into their minds—Lucian and Estella were there.
After all, both of them usually dropped by at that hour. Without a second thought, Roxanne got up and opened the door. She was subsequently greeted by the sight of her best friend looking all anxious.
“Did something happen?” A sinking feeling crept into her heart. The frowning Madilyn stretched her head to look at the children— who were busy eating—before pulling Roxanne out the door.
Cognizant that it was something the children weren’t supposed to know, Roxanne followed the former to the yard. “What’s wrong?”
“Did you see the news in the morning?” Madilyn sounded exceptionally grim. Hearing that, Roxanne shook her head in response as she was clueless.
As Lysa was held back by something at home and couldn’t come to work for the week, she had woken up early in the morning to prepare breakfast and watch the children eat.
Consequently, she didn’t have time to read the morning news at all. Nevertheless, Roxanne could tell from Madilyn’s expression that something grave had happened.
Knitting her brows, Madilyn didn’t even know how to break the news. “What on earth happened?” Madilyn’s reaction told Roxanne that it was something related to her. She repeated with a frown, “If you don’t tell me, I'll go in and read it myself.”
Just when she turned around to go back in, Madilyn grabbed her hand to stop her.
“News of you going on a date late at night with Jack has splashed across the headlines. They accuse both of you of being close and suspect that strings were pulled for you to be included as one of the Damaris family’s partners.”
Madilyn—who greatly resented the news—spoke in a swift but incoherent manner. In spite of that, Roxanne face darkened, as she had caught the gist of it.
My date with Jack...
The only thing that came to mind was the dinner the night before. However, there were three of us. How did it end up becoming a date?
In the midst of racking her brain, an image suddenly flashed across her mind. Last night, Jessica didn’t show up for a long time even though both of us had arrived...
“Whatever it is, you had better not send the boys to school. I'll take them instead, as I’m worried that you would be swarmed by reporters there. Also, don’t leave home as far as possible,” Madilyn instructed with a solemn expression on her face. Roxanne was well aware of the gravity of the situation.
Even though she was certain of her innocence, the media wasn’t going to let her off the hook easily. In addition, Roxanne didn’t
want her affairs to burden her children, causing them an unnecessary emotional burden.
With that in mind, she nodded without hesitation before expressing her gratitude. “Thank God you came all the way here to tell
me.
However, Madilyn ranted, “Why are they slandering such a good doctor like you? Once | find out who’s responsible, I'll definitely give them a piece of my mind!”
While Roxanne was trying to calm Madilyn down with a smile, Jessica’s face emerged again in her mind, for she couldn't think of anyone else.
However, Roxanne had no clue whether someone else was behind Jessica. Realizing it was getting late, both of them went back into the house.
As for the boys, their faces drooped in disappointment upon learning that Madilyn was taking them to school.
Since telling them the truth wasn’t an option, Roxanne apologized, “I’m sorry. There’s just something | need to deal with urgently. Once I’m done, I'll definitely send you to school every day.”
Noticing the gloomy look on Roxanne’s face, the brothers—in spite of their dejection—acknowledged her promise obediently. 
###Chapter 727
Chapter 727
Chapter 727 Suppressing The News After watching Madilyn leave with the children, Roxanne went upstairs into the study and checked the news on her phone.
The moment she went on Twitter, she saw the top trending topics. Pretty Doctor Pulled Strings To Advance Her Career. Jack Damaris Goes On A Late-night Date With A Pretty Doctor. Jack Damaris’ Love Life Exposed...
One by one, the topics were either related to her relationship with Jack or casting doubt on her credentials as a partner in the Damaris family’s project.
Just looking at those topics gave Roxanne a headache.
Upon randomly clicking on one of them, she saw that it had almost a million views.
Jack Damaris dates one of the doctors of the Damaris family’s new project. Their suspected relationship was exposed... Inserted underneath the title were a few blurry photographs.
The first one showed Roxanne sitting opposite Jack in the restaurant. Both of them looked like they were chatting, while the table in front of them was filled with food.
The second picture showed them at the staircase of the restaurant entrance. Jack turned around to hold Roxanne’s hand and they looked intimate.
Finally, the last picture was Jack dropping Roxanne off at her home.
After going through them, a sense of gloominess hung over Roxanne.
Even though our photos were taken throughout the night, Jack and | were completely oblivious to the fact. As for the comments below, they could only be described as colorful.
A: Is she that Dr. Jarvis on the list? | knew there was something strange about her. How can someone so young be such a skilled doctor?
B: Just as expected, she’s on the list because of her looks! Having said that, Dr. Jarvis is really pretty. If 1 were in the same position, | would have included her on the list too!
C: What a beautiful couple! The first comment that doubted her capabilities instantly disheartened Roxanne.
Even though she was expecting it the moment the name list was released, she never imagined it would happen in such a manner.
Due to the exposé, the doubt cast upon her credentials was the most discussed matter.
Finally, she received a call from Jack while she was still surfing Twitter.
It took her a few seconds to regain her senses before answering it.
“I'm sorry. | just saw the news online.” Jack was extremely apologetic over the phone. “Don’t worry. I'll take responsibility by removing all the fake news.”
Despite his reassurances, the frowning Roxanne still had her concerns. Nonetheless, she replied, “Thank you.”
After a momentary silence, Jack continued, “About what happened last night, I'll demand an explanation from the Hightower family. Given Jessica’s strange behavior, she must definitely have something to do with this.”
Surprised by his point, Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds before stopping him. “Let's just let it slide since we don’t have any evidence. What matters now is clarifying the rumors online.”
Even though Roxanne shared his suspicions, she knew Jessica would unlikely admit to it in the absence of any proof. Therefore, confronting her was a futile endeavor.
Furthermore, now that the news had exploded, all Roxanne could get from the mastermind was an apology even if she found them. That was of no help to her current predicament.
Over the line, Roxanne’s dissuasion prompted Jack to realize his hastiness. Upon calming down and seeing her perspective, he replied in a deep voice, “You're right. | was too consumed by my emotions. Let me think of a way to suppress the controversy first.”
After Roxanne hummed in agreement, Jack ended the call quickly. Watching her phone screen fade to black, Roxanne took a deep breath.
With Jack taking action, she too, couldn't sit idly by and allow the matter to go out of hand. 
###Chapter 728
Chapter 728
Chapter 728 Is The Hightower Family Involved
Initially, Roxanne wanted to put out a statement. However, since her Twitter account was mostly used to surf for news, it essentially had no content. Therefore, whatever she had to say would likely not reach anyone.
After further contemplation, she decided to give Colby a call and got him to use the research institute’s account to put out her clarification.
Although the account wasn't particularly popular, it was still a much better option than using hers. “What happened?” Colby had gone to the research institute early and only learned of the controversy when Roxanne gave him a call.
When he saw the pictures of Roxanne and Jack interacting with each other, he felt a faint squeeze in his heart. Sighing in resignation, Roxanne clarified, “I can’t really give you a good explanation but what happened last night was a misunderstanding. Both of us were not alone at the dinner.”
Even though her assurances failed to cheer Colby up, he remained hopeful and persuaded himself to have faith in Roxanne.
After all, if | don’t trust her, one can’t expect the netizens who are ridiculing her to do the same. Moreover, Roxanne has no reason to lie about the matter.
Holding that thought, the relieved Colby answered in a grim voice, “I understand. I'll put the statement out.” Roxanne grunted in acknowledgment before ending the call.
Half an hour later, both Jack’s and the research institute’s statements were released at almost the same time and quickly became a trending topic.
However, instead of convincing anyone, the response triggered was entirely hostile and filled with skepticism. In fact, on Jack’s Twitter account, netizens even began to cast doubt on the Damaris family.
B3232: Why are the Damaris family’s selection criteria for the partners so lenient? How can one be included in such an important project or even end up on the name list by pulling some strings? Do you take us for fools?
Love212: Is being pretty all that’s needed to be selected? In that case, even | am qualified. Many similar comments populated the feed, to the extent Jack ended up arguing with the netizens in the comments section. After skimming through the comments, Roxanne sent Jack a message: Don’t worry about me. I'll deal with this myself.
At the other end, the sullen-looking Jack was busy responding to the barrage of insults. Subsequently, he was baffled when he received Roxanne’s sudden message. He responded: | was the one who caused this, so how can | sit idly by and do nothing?
Smiling wryly, Roxanne replied: Just let me be the lightning rod of their disparagement. At the rate you’re going, the Damaris family will be dragged into the matter. When that happens, I'll be the one to blame.
Upon reading her message, the frowning Jack furrowed went through the comments online.
It was then that he realized his presence had shifted the netizens’ focus from Roxanne to the Damaris family.
If he were to continue on his path, the Damaris family’s reputation— built over a century—would be ruined.
Cognizant of what was at stake, Jack weighed his options before deciding to remain silent. In spite of that, he still couldn't just sit around and do nothing. Jack: In that case, I'll investigate if the Hightower family was behind this.
Roxanne responded with her agreement.
Meanwhile, when the netizens realized Jack had left, they swarmed toward the research institute's Twitter account and demanded for Roxanne to give an explanation.
Naturally, Colby couldn't tolerate the slander against Roxanne. Faced with their relentless skepticism about her medical skills, he posted a list of all the major projects that the research institute had completed under Roxanne’s leadership.
Unfortunately, most of the netizens were laymen who were not bothered about such details.
In fact, even those who could see through the situation had their voices drowned swiftly. 
###Chapter 729
Chapter 729
Chapter 729 Silence Is Acquiescence
Meanwhile, Jessica had switched on the morning news early that morning at the Hightower residence, waiting to see Roxanne embarrass herself.
As she had anticipated, Roxanne was condemned all over the internet as soon as the news was reported.
However, Jessica had not expected Jack to defend Roxanne, nor did she anticipate that the Damaris family would be dragged down too.
Feeling somewhat guilty over the situation, she hurriedly arranged for people to cause trouble at Roxanne’s research institute.
As a result, when Roxanne checked the news once more at noon that day, she saw the footage of a large crowd of reporters and people demanding explanations blocking the entrance of her research institute.
She tensed up when she saw the scene on the screen, and without any hesitation, she immediately got up and rushed to the research institute.
Their target is me. | can’t allow this matter to affect the institute’s employees.
Half an hour later, Roxanne appeared at the entrance of the research institute.
The minute the reporters and the crowd present noticed her, they turned around and rushed toward her. “You must be Ms. Jarvis, right? Do you have anything to say about the criticism on the internet?”
“What exactly is your relationship with Mr. Damaris? Are the rumors on the internet true that you joined the project through connections?”
Roxanne stepped out of the car to find herself surrounded by people, and all she could see were black microphones. Some people even shoved their microphones to her face and kept leaning toward her.
Despite having prepared herself mentally, Roxanne was still a little overwhelmed by the situation and could only lean her back against the car door to stabilize herself.
Just as she was about to speak, a reporter immediately interrupted her, “Other than you, we've heard a lot about every doctor on the list. How would you evaluate your medical skills?”
Since Roxanne was more or less accustomed to the doubt over her medical abilities, she immediately responded, “The Twitter account of our research institute has posted all the medical projects I’ve participated in during this period. You can check out the account if you have any questions about my medical skills.”
She intended to add something after that but was interrupted once more. “Even so, your accomplishments are still much inferior to those of the other doctors on the list. Do you acknowledge that?”
The question brought a frown to Roxanne’s face.
Many of those on the list were more experienced than her in the medical field, so she naturally could not deny the reporter’s words.
Nonetheless, if she acknowledged it, not only would it mean that she had tacitly admitted that her qualifications were far from enough to work with the Damaris family, but it would also prove that the web rumors were true.
Realizing that it was a trap, Roxanne was unsure of how to respond at that moment.
However, the crowd took her silence as a sign of acquiescence, creating an uproar among them once more. One after another, questions flooded Roxanne’s ears.
Just as she was feeling helpless, there was a sudden commotion outside of the crowd.
The crowd seemed to be attracted to something as they fell silent and looked in the direction of the commotion.
Roxanne had no idea what was happening outside the crowd from where she was standing in the heart of it. She only knew that their attention had shifted away from her, giving her a moment of reprieve to think of a way to deal with it.
“Mr. Farwell?” Just as she was trying to come up with a solution, she suddenly heard an exclamation of surprise. Roxanne froze when she heard that, and she could not help but question if her ears were playing tricks on her.
How could a man as busy as Lucian show up here at this time of day? 
###Chapter 730
Chapter 730
Chapter 730 What Makes You Say That
As the hubbub got closer, Lucian soon entered Roxanne’ field of vision, spotting a stern expression. Roxanne stared at the man before her in astonishment. “Why are you here?”
His formal outfit suggested that he was just in a meeting, yet his tie appeared loose as though it had been tugged slightly. Upon hearing her query, Lucian’s expression turned icy. “If you can come, why can’t |?”
After saying that, he shot her a look while suppressing his anger before turning to face the reporters behind him, his cold eyes swept across their faces. “If you have any questions, | can answer on her behalf.”
The crowd shuddered at his gaze, and everyone turned to look at one another. No one dared to say a word for some time. Given Lucian’s status, if they said something wrong that day, they might lose their jobs.
No one wanted to face that kind of repercussion. Lucian frowned and grabbed the wrist of the woman behind him before glancing at the crowd in front of him. “If there are no questions, I’m taking her away.”
Without waiting for a reaction, he held Roxanne’s hand and pulled her out of the crowd. The previously clamoring crowd fell silent as the two passed by and was even compelled by Lucian’s powerful aura to make way for them.
Coming out of the crowd, Roxanne had not had time to breathe a sigh of relief when she looked at the person in front of her, and her anxiety only increased further.
“Get in.” Lucian brought her all the way to his car and said in a terrifyingly chilly voice as he opened the passenger door. Roxanne pursed her lips slightly but stood still. “| drove here, so | can just drive myself back in a bit.”
Although flustered, she still kept her composure. The rumors about Jack and me haven't been clarified and will only become more outrageous if | get into Lucian’s car in front of those reporters.
Her rejection further enraged Lucian. Earlier that day, as soon as he came out of the conference room, he was stopped by Cayden, who stammered out the news about Roxanne and Jack to him.
Lucian already had a suspicion about the two’s relationship, so when he saw the photos circulating on the internet, he merely felt irony.
Yet, the next moment, he saw the scene where Roxanne appeared at the entrance of the research institute and was surrounded by people.
Even though rage surged up within him, he still rushed over. Even so, this woman repeatedly rejects my kindness!
Roxanne noticed the man’s increasingly cold expression and softened her voice a little. “| don’t want to be misunderstood anymore. Go now. Otherwise, even you will be dragged into this mess.”
Upon hearing the tone of her voice, a look of suspicion flashed in Lucian’s eyes before he lifted his gaze to glance at the crowd not far away.
Everyone was blatantly staring at them, but when they saw him looking over, they quickly withdrew their gazes and dispersed as though nothing had happened.
Only then did Lucian shift his gaze to the woman before him and ask with a frown, “What makes you say that?”
Roxanne looked up to meet his gaze and noticed that the sense of trust was more prevalent despite the doubt in his eyes.
She knew very well what his suspicions were.
While everyone else was suspicious of the reason she could participate in the project, he merely doubted her relationship with Jack.
At the thought, other than the bitterness within her, Roxanne also found it a little funny that even after her many explanations, Lucian persisted in his thoughts about her relationship with Jack.
Even though he did help me, | bet he’s still irritated by those photos. 
###Chapter 731
Chapter 731
Chapter 731 How To Clarify
Roxanne looked at the man before her. At the thought that he came to help her out of the situation despite being angry, she was moved and softened her expression as she briefly and concisely told him what had happened the day before.
“Ms. Hightower told Jack to get in touch with me, saying that she wanted to apologize to me in person. | went for the appointment as | couldn’t refuse her request. | never expected to be photographed then. The photo of us holding hands was Jack supporting me because | nearly fell down the stairs. | knew I'd be drinking during the meal so | didn’t drive. Jack drove me there instead as we were heading the same way, and he sent me back afterward. He only dropped me at the entrance and didn’t even get out of the car.”
She knew what explanation the man wanted from her, so she picked the part he wanted to hear in the hope that it would calm him down and he would not put her in a difficult spot before the media.
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he heard her explanation. The suspicion in his eyes gradually faded alongside the anger within him, but he quickly discovered something was off.
“If Jessica went to apologize to you, why are you and Jack the only two people in the photo? Where was she?”
Roxanne’s tone was hesitant when she replied with a slight frown, “Ms. Hightower told us to eat first as she was stuck in traffic. That photo was taken while we were waiting for her.”
Acold glint flashed across Lucian’s eyes as he nodded.
“Today's news is truly just a misunderstanding. You don’t need to be angry about it, Mr. Farwell, so go back quickly,” Roxanne urged with furrowed brows when she noticed someone filming in the corner.
Lucian followed her gaze and narrowed his eyes dangerously when he saw the camera in the corner.
Seeing that, the reporter holding it trembled, got up in fear, and ran away.
Only then did Lucian turn around. “Can you get in the car now, Ms. Jarvis?” he asked indifferently.
Roxanne did not expect him to be so insistent and felt a little helpless. “There are enough people involved in this matter. | don’t want it to affect people who have nothing to do with it.”
As her words fell, she saw the man’s eyes darkening and tensed up involuntarily.
“Such small trouble can’t affect me.” Lucian grabbed her wrist and led her in the direction of the car. “Nor do | want to be just an irrelevant person in your eyes.”
Roxanne felt her heart skip a beat when she heard that, and by the time she reacted, he had already sat her down in his car. Outside the car window, many reporters merely looked over dumbfoundedly, holding their cameras up but not daring to take any photos.
As the car slowly drove away from the entrance of the research institute, those reporters and the crowd were also left far behind. The noise surrounding Roxanne also faded into silence.
She could not help but stare blankly at Lucian’s impassive profile, and she unknowingly calmed down.
Neither of them uttered a single word throughout the car ride.
Roxanne did not even ask Lucian where he was taking her, merely contemplating how she was going to clarify the rumors later with narrowed eyes.
By the time she snapped back to reality, they had arrived at her house.
“Rest well at home these two days. I'll handle the chaos online and take charge of picking up Archie and Benny,” Lucian said solemnly.
Roxanne, however, appeared a little hesitant when she heard his words. “It’s fine. I'll get a friend to pick them up.”
“What if the reporters find the kindergarten?” Lucian shot down her idea with a frown. “Can your friend handle it?”
The thought of the reporters heckling her children caused a sinking feeling to creep into Roxanne’s heart. In the end, she agreed, “In that case... I'll leave them in your care, Mr. Farwell.” 
###Chapter 732
Chapter 732
Chapter 732 Troubling Alfred
In the evening, after kindergarten class was over, Archie and Benny stared at their father standing before them in confusion. “Your mommy has something to do, so I’ll be in charge of sending you to school for the next few days,” Lucian explained in a deep voice.
The boys exchanged glances upon hearing his words but did not give it much thought. After all, from their perspective, whichever of their parents doing that was the same.
The fact that Mommy is leaving the matter of sending us to school to Daddy means their relationship is developing in a good direction.
As that thought came into their minds, Archie and Benny were secretly pleased as they obediently followed Lucian into the car. Estella was also on cloud nine.
If Daddy is responsible for taking Archie and Benny to school these few days, it means | get to visit Ms. Jarvis’ home every day! All three kids were in a good mood and chattered away in the back seat.
Unlike them, Lucian was thinking of Roxanne with a solemn look.
It's obvious that Jessica was behind this incident. It seems that the lesson | gave to the Hightower family last time wasn’t good enough, so she still has the energy to come out and cause trouble!
Lucian stopped the car once they arrived at Roxanne’s house and brought the three children into the mansion.
At that moment, Roxanne was preparing dinner in the kitchen while thinking about everything that had happened earlier that day. She was so distracted that she did not notice that the children had returned.
“Mommy!” The kids did not think much of it, merely running excitedly to the kitchen once they had changed their shoes.
Only then did Roxanne snap back to her senses and look down at the children with a smile.
Benny hugged his mother’s thigh innocently. “Mommy, why did Mr. Farwell pick us up? Where’s Aunt Madilyn?”
Hearing that, Roxanne subconsciously lifted her gaze to look at the man in the living room.
She did not expect the children to ask such a question, so she did not prepare an explanation.
Similarly caught off guard by the question, Lucian looked at Benny with a frown.
After a long while, Roxanne finally came up with a random excuse. “Aunt Madilyn has to work overtime for the next two days and is very busy.”
Benny noticed his mother was acting strangely, but he figured that she was probably too shy to tell them about her relationship progress with their father, so he simply nodded understandingly. “All right then. We'll be good and listen to Mr. Farwell.”
Seeing that the boy did not ask any further questions, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and absentmindedly patted the children’s heads.
Meanwhile, in the living room, Lucian noticed that the children were surrounding Roxanne, so he got up, went to the balcony, and called Jonathan.
On the other side, Jonathan had belatedly learned the news about Roxanne and was preparing to contact Lucian.
Hence, he immediately picked up the call and, without waiting for Lucian to speak, said, “I already learned about Dr. Jarvis’ matter. | think | should be of help.”
Lucian smiled when he heard that. “I also contacted you for this matter.”
At present, the netizens were mostly questioning whether Roxanne was qualified enough to join the Damaris family’s project and how she managed to join it.
No one knew the answer to that question better than Alfred.
If the old man willingly clarified in her defense, the discussions would naturally die down.
However, the Queen family would be dragged into the farce as a consequence.
“Don’t worry. Dr. Jarvis’ matter is your matter, and your matter is mine as well. My family will definitely help you out. After all, only we can help,” Jonathan replied with conviction.
Lucian hummed in response. “Indeed. This matter can only die down with Old Mr. Queen's intervention. Sorry to trouble him, and I'll pay a visit to thank him next time.” 
###Chapter 733
Chapter 733
Chapter 733 Waiting For Her Response
Jonathan smiled meaningfully when he heard his friend’s words. “You can’t come alone. The person my grandpa is helping is Dr. Jarvis, so you must bring her along.”
Lucian responded with a light chuckle, “I plan on doing that.”
After engaging in small talk for a while longer, the two hung up.
Lucian turned around and went back into the living room.
By then, Roxanne was done making dinner and was sitting at the dining table with the children, waiting for him to go over and eat together.
A hint of warmth flitted across Lucian’s eyes when he saw the scene before him. He walked over and—upon noticing the extra plate and cutlery on the table—asked knowingly, “Did you prepare this for me, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne nodded gently in response. “Since I’m troubling you to ferry Archie and Benny to and fro from school for the next few days, Mr. Farwell, you can have dinner at my place.”
Before Lucian could respond, Estella threw up her hands joyfully. “Thank you, Ms. Jarvis!”
Roxanne smiled, feeling much more relaxed than before, as she watched the young girl’s delight.
Since Estella had replied, Lucian arched his brows but said nothing, merely picking up his fork and eating.
After dinner, the little girl was still reluctant to leave.
Seeing as it was still early, Roxanne and Lucian did not persist and allowed the children to play for a while longer.
After tidying up the dining room, Roxanne left the kitchen to see Lucian sitting on the couch with his brows furrowed, his slender hands rubbing circles on his temples. It looks like he has a headache.
Thinking of his recent insomnia, she hesitantly stepped forward and said softly, “Let me give you a massage. It'll also help your insomnia.”
Lucian withdrew his hand and turned back to look at her before stating, “If you’re doing this because | helped you today, then forget it.”
He did not want her to be nice to him just to return the favor.
His words brought a frown to Roxanne’s face, and for a moment, she did not know how to reply.
Now that she thought about it, she also could not figure out why she said those words just now.
Yet, seeing Lucian’s slightly haggard face triggered a strange feeling in her heart.
Lucian frowned but kept silent, waiting for her reply.
However, there were no movements behind him.
Just when he was about to shoot her another question, a pair of hands rested on his temples and massaged them softly. Lucian’s eyes darkened at her actions, but he still did not utter a word.
With Roxanne’s personality, if she only intended to return the favor, she wouldn’t have given me a massage after hearing what | had just said. The fact that she’s doing this now shows that she’s not just being nice to me to repay the favor from the incident earlier day. Well, this is enough for me.
He could not deny that the headache caused by insomnia was greatly relieved under her ministrations.
Lucian even felt a little drowsy.
Feeling sleepiness threatening to overwhelm him, he raised his hand and grabbed her wrist, pulling her hand down.
Roxanne was taken aback by his action.
“As expected of the top traditional medicine doctor. My headache is much better.” Lucian got up from the couch. “It’s getting late. | should take Estella back. I'll pick up Archie and Benny in the morning.”
At that, Roxanne nodded somewhat sluggishly and watched as Lucian walked toward the backyard.
Not long after, Estella was led into the mansion by her father before bidding Roxanne farewell obediently.
Roxanne smiled at the little girl and followed them out of the mansion. Only after Lucian’s car had gone a distance away did she turn around and head back in. 
###Chapter 734
Chapter 734
Chapter 734 Quick Turnaround
That very night, the Queen family announced that Roxanne was the one who had cured Alfred’s sickness, resulting in the latter nominating her as a candidate for the Damaris family’s project.
The internet went abuzz right after that.
In a short span of time, those who were initially against Roxanne now sided with her, although there were some who still questioned her ability.
Roxanne was astounded to suddenly receive such an update before going to bed.
She had once thought of asking Alfred to help clear the air, but she also didn’t want to involve him in the whole ordeal.
Yet, the Queen family had decided to help her voluntarily.
Thanks to that, the situation was now far more controlled compared to during the day, even if some remained doubtful of her.
Not wanting to disrupt Alfred’s quiet time, Roxanne decided to dial Jonathan’s number.
The latter had just finished taking care of his family’s PR errands when he answered Roxanne’s call.
“| just saw the announcement made by your family. Thank you for speaking up for me, Mr. Queen,” the woman said with gratitude.
Jonathan let out a profound chuckle. “Don’t just thank me. To be honest, | took a lot of risks over this matter. | wouldn't necessarily have spoken up if it were just for your sake.”
Roxanne froze briefly upon hearing that, and she thought back to the similar tone he had used during the medical consultation back at the orphanage.
She had thanked him under the assumption that he had helped her when it was, in fact, Lucian’s decision all along.
Did he do something again?
“Did Lucian go and look for you?” Roxanne surmised.
Jonathan's laughter came through the phone instantly. “That's right. Well, | did consider taking action, but it was Lucian’s personal phone call that really convinced me to make the announcement. So if you want to express your gratitude, I’m not the only one you should be thanking.”
Conflict swirled within Roxanne’s heart.
So that phone call he made on the balcony while | was making dinner was to Mr. Queen? He was asking him to make an appearance and help me. He probably would've continued to keep this from me if Mr. Queen hadn't explained anything. Roxanne felt perplexed at the thought of this.
“L will, Mr. Queen. Thank you,” she finally responded, concealing her mixed emotions. “I'll thank Old Mr. Queen in person another time.”
Jonathan agreed with a smile.
Right after hanging up, Roxanne opened up her chat conversation with Lucian, but even after staring at her screen for God knows how long, she couldn't figure out what to write.
Ultimately, she put her phone away without sending out a single text message.
Back at the Hightower residence, Stephen thought that since his daughter had apologized to Roxanne and the latter had forgiven her, Lucian would now let them off and that they were clear from danger.
Yet, even after waiting all day, the situation remained the same as that of the past two days, with various companies calling in and asking to terminate joint projects for all sorts of reasons.
Things became direr by night, where those who called couldn’t even come up with any more excuses, instead telling Stephen frankly that Lucian had told them not to work with the Hightowers. Naturally, Stephen dared not say anything in response.
It was only after hanging up that he realized something amiss, so he headed upstairs to knock on Jessica’s door.
The young woman was currently staring at her phone with a grim expression.
It's only been one day! | took so long planning everything, and yet the tables have already turned? To think that even the Queen family backed that woman up! What’s so great about her? 
###Chapter 735
Chapter 735
Chapter 735 An Uncontrollable Degree
Boiling with rage, Stephen banged on the door.
Jessica glanced at the door with a sullen look before getting up and walking over.
She saw how infuriated her father looked the moment she opened the door.
“Is this your doing?” the man roared at her.
Jessica froze momentarily.
Although he had lost her temper with her in the past, this was her first time seeing him so livid.
It's all Roxanne’s fault.
In spite of her fear, the woman mustered up the courage to stare at her father. “What did | do wrong? All | wanted was to show everyone her true colors!”
Stephen’s brows furrowed deeply at that. “What did you say?”
“Seriously, | don’t know what people see in her that even the Queen family would step forward to defend her! I'll never believe she could cure Old Mr. Queen!”
Stephen grew puzzled at her words, and deep down, he began to sense that something was off.
It felt as though his daughter had committed something atrocious unbeknown to him.
Feeling his stomach drop upon recalling what Farwell Group had done tonight, he strode into Jessica’s bedroom and gazed at her phone screen.
Then, he picked up the device to see a string of comments—all of which were about Roxanne.
It all started from the three photos that surfaced last night.
At that moment, Stephen realized that his daughter was behind the whole incident.
“You imbecile!” With a bellow, he smashed Jessica’s phone into bits.
The woman jumped in fright and stared at her father. “Are you insane? What are you getting all worked up for?”
Yet, she received a vicious slap across the face as soon as her words fell.
She clutched her cheek and turned to her father in disbelief.
“Do you have any idea who has Roxanne’s back?” Stephen yelled in fury. “It’s because you got on her nerves back then that Farwell Group started giving us hell the very next day! Why do you think | told you to apologize to her? But look at what you’ve done now! Do you think Farwell Group’s going to let us off this time?”
Jessica was rendered speechless for a moment. “That can’t be... | know Lucian’s fiancée. Why would he ever back Roxanne up?”
Seeing that the circumstances had unfolded to such an extent, Stephen could only cling to the last hope he possibly had. “I want you to apologize to Roxanne publicly! Do it now and post it online. We might still stand a chance if you manage to subdue these comments!”
Despite her reluctance, Jessica knew she had no choice but to concede when Farwell Group was against them.
In a matter of minutes, she used another phone to post a public apology on Twitter, citing her jealousy over Roxanne and Jack’s relationship as the reason behind her actions.
Her words appeared sincere enough, but unfortunately, the post caused nothing more than a small buzz before being flooded by similar comments once again.
Even if more people now believed in Roxanne, the suspicions from those who didn’t still carry a considerable amount of impact on her.
Both Jessica and Stephen’s faces turned increasingly pale as the number of comments continued to pick up.
Evidently, the situation had escalated to an uncontrollable degree.
At this rate, it'll be over for the Hightower family.
Jessica’s eyes became filled with panic, followed by hatred.
It's all because of Roxanne! As if seducing Jack wasn’t enough, she even went after Lucian when he already has a fiancée! None of this would've happened to our family if it weren’t for her! 
###Chapter 736
Chapter 736
Chapter 736 Who Dares Question You
The next morning, Roxanne woke up and immediately checked the comments online. She was now the most trending person on Twitter. Thinking that the comments were leaning to her disadvantage, Roxanne’s heart sank as she glanced at the first post with a frown.
To her surprise, the most viral Tweet was a video of her own professor in an interview. It wasn’t just him; many of Harvey’s internationally-renowned research partners from his overseas institutes were present too.
“I've long heard about the Damaris family’s project,” Harvey stated in the video. “As Janet's professor, I’m extremely proud that my student has been chosen to take part in this project. I've also come across many comments on her medical prowess within the nation. Please give Janet your trust for she’ll be sure to surprise you.”
The man had a smile on his face, but his eyes looked stern. After he was done speaking, it was the other researchers’ turn to give their opinion about Roxanne.
Upon seeing those familiar faces, emotion swirled within Roxanne as her eyes began to water. The comment section under this post blew up, but unlike yesterday, most of the comments were of people apologizing to Roxanne.
Bibomama: Janet? Is this the same Janet | know? She actually came back to the country in secret, and she’s this gorgeous? 11Zollo22: She’d make it big with just her looks, but she’s relying on her talents instead? That's it. I’m officially a fan of hers now.
Most of the comments indicated surprise that Roxanne was actually Janet, and those who had never heard of the latter were quickly filled in by other netizens.
Janet wasn’t as popular in the country compared to Roxanne, but she was still fairly well-known internationally, so it was more acceptable for her to be joining the Damaris family project as the former.
Thanks to yesterday’s news, Roxanne’s good looks had added a touch of color to Janet’s name.
Now, Janet was referred to as the goddess of the medical world by social media.
Roxanne hadn't gotten used to the sudden changes in opinions that had occurred overnight.
After scrolling on her phone a while longer, she exited Twitter and looked up her professor's contact so she could thank him. Yet, a phone call came from the latter just as she was about to dial his number.
The woman picked up immediately. “Professor Lambert—”
“Why didn’t you tell me about something this serious? What do you take me for?” Harvey questioned her right away.
In spite of his sullen tone, Roxanne felt a sense of warmth well up within her, for she knew he was only worried about her. “I’m sorry, Professor Lambert. It all happened because of me, so...”
If she were to disclose her identity as Janet, it wouldn’t take long for everyone to figure out that she was Harvey’s student.
Given the severity of yesterday’s comments, the woman was afraid of ruining Harvey’s reputation. She didn’t want others rebuking him for having such an unethical student.
The sudden turn of tides today had to be due to both the Queen family and Jessica’s respective statements.
“I'm not having any of your excuses. You're my student, and if anyone dares question you, that means they’re questioning me too,” Harvey declared. 
###Chapter 737
Chapter 737
Chapter 737 Open Admiration Roxanne was moved upon hearing Harvey’s words. “I understand. Thank you, Professor.”
Unable to stand seeing her being slandered by netizens online, Harvey softened his tone after giving her a quick lecture. “Give it your all now that everyone knows you're my student. Don’t let me down.”
Roxanne grinned. “I'll do my best.” “| believe in you,” encouraged Harvey. “Also, that Damaris kid. He’s not bad, you know—”
“Professor!” Roxanne hurriedly cut him off knowing what he was about to say. “I have to make breakfast for Archie and Benny. I'll talk to you next time.”
Harvey stopped at the mention of the two boys. “All right. Say hi to them for me.”
“Okay,” the woman responded before pausing briefly. “Please thank everyone on my behalf.”
Harvey readily agreed.
Then, they both hung up.
Aknock came on the door right after the call ended.
Roxanne glanced at the time before quickly getting out of bed. She opened the door to find Archie and Benny standing outside. “Are you not feeling well, Mommy?” they asked, staring straight at her.
The children would normally be eating breakfast by then, but they had waited much longer than usual that morning only to realize there was no food, nor had their mother left her room.
Hence, they made their way over, worried that Roxanne may have fallen sick.
“Sorry for keeping you waiting. | was just in the middle of a call with Professor Lambert,” the woman apologized while caressing her sons’ heads. “Why don’t you go heat up some milk?”
Relieved that she was in good health, the boys headed back downstairs to prepare breakfast. Roxanne then went back into the room to wash up. By the time she was done, her sons had already prepared breakfast, including her share.
Upon taking a seat at the dining table, Roxanne suddenly recalled something. Now that the comments are looking better, | won't have to trouble Lucian by getting him to come and pick the boys up.
Yet, the doorbell rang just as she was about to dial Lucian’s number.
As Roxanne stopped tapping on her phone and was just on her way to get the door, the two boys ran ahead in excitement and opened the mansion gates without even looking at the security camera footage.
They knew who was waiting outside.
“Good morning, Mr. Farwell!” Archie and Benny greeted in their squeaky voices.
Lucian nodded at them.
Estella wished the boys a good morning before dashing straight into the house and throwing herself into Roxanne’s arms.
“Ms. Jarvis!” she called out exuberantly while clinging to the woman.
Roxanne stilled momentarily before beaming and stroking the girl’s head. “You sure are early today, Essie.”
The child gazed up at her, looking as though there were stars in her eyes. “That’s because | couldn't wait to see you, Ms. Jarvis!”
Roxanne felt her heart melt as she heard that, and for a second, she didn’t know how to respond to the little girl’s adoration toward her.
At that moment, Lucian walked in and raised an eyebrow upon seeing the boys’ breakfast on the dining table.
Not waiting for him to say anything, Archie and Benny took out two glasses of warm milk and placed them on the table before turning to him eagerly. “We warmed these up ourselves!” 
###Chapter 738
Chapter 738
Chapter 738 No Evidence
Lucian’s frown deepened when he heard the boys, and he eventually decided to hold his tongue. As the children looked on eagerly, Lucian sat down at the table and took a sip of the drink made by Archie and Benny.
Estella, too, happily joined her father and drank a mouthful until she ended up with a milk mustache. “Archie, Benny, you guys are amazing!” she exclaimed.
Wow! I've never even made breakfast for myself before! Amused by the look of admiration on Estella’s face, Roxanne chuckled and promptly handed her a piece of tissue.
Archie and Benny, on the contrary, were feeling mighty proud of themselves after the little girl's compliment. “You could've told me if you didn’t have time to prepare breakfast. | can always take the kids out to eat,” Lucian said in a low voice.
Right there and then, Roxanne suddenly remembered why she had wanted to call earlier and turned her attention to Lucian. “I’ve already settled everything on my end, Mr. Farwell. | won’t have to trouble you again.”
As for what she was referring to, the two of them knew perfectly well while the three kids stayed in the dark. All the kids knew was that they’d no longer be able to attend school together, which left them sorely disappointed.
Puzzled, Lucian furrowed his brows and glanced at Roxanne.
What? | can’t believe Roxanne has managed to settle the matter. | left so hastily this morning that | haven’t even read the online discussion. Did the Farwell Group’s warning to the Hightower family last night work? Was that why everything worked out?
“Professor Lambert helped me quite a bit,” Roxanne said with a smile. “That’s why it all went rather smoothly.” Upon hearing that Harvey had lent a helping hand, Lucian began to feel his inner doubts melt away. After all, Harvey was a more persuasive and compelling figure in the medical field than the Farwell Group could ever be.
Alas, it wasn’t convenient for Roxanne and Lucian to discuss the matter in front of the children, so the latter merely nodded his acknowledgment. “Got it.”
After breakfast, Roxanne decided to head out with her family since she figured there wouldn’t be any problems at the research institute.
With that, the three children piled into her car and followed behind Lucian’s car to the kindergarten.
Before long, Roxanne had dropped the kids off with Pippa and watched them walk into school.
However, instead of leaving, she turned around to look at Lucian. “Thank you for your help in this matter, Mr. Farwell.” Surprised, the man cocked a brow in response.
That’s odd. | did indeed help a lot, but | also made sure to keep everything on the down low. How did she find out about it? “Well, | called Mr. Queen up,” Roxanne hurriedly explained. “Moreover, if it weren't for the pressure from Farwell Group, | doubt Jessica would've apologized to me publicly.”
In all honesty, Roxanne was shocked when Jessica’s public apology went online the night before. Thanks to that, however, Harvey's interview in the morning yielded immediate results.
She had always suspected Jessica to have masterminded the controversy, but alas, she couldn't find the evidence to back her speculation up.
Furthermore, Jessica wasn’t the kind to apologize on her own accord, which could only mean that someone else was pulling the strings.
Jack had run off early in the morning to investigate, but since Roxanne had yet to hear back from him, it'd be safe to assume that the matter had nothing to do with the Damaris family.
After much pondering, her only conclusion was that Lucian must have stepped in to help. Come to think of it, isn’t it strange that he’s been helping me out so much in secret?
Realizing that Roxanne had already figured out the truth, Lucian knew he didn’t have to hide it anymore. “Please be more careful if you encounter such a situation again.”
To that, Roxanne nodded sheepishly in agreement. 
###Chapter 739
Chapter 739
Chapter 739 Do Not Let Her Off Meanwhile, in the hotel, Aubree had also caught up with everything that had happened over the past two days.
Even though she didn’t know who the mastermind was, she was elated when she saw Roxanne getting questioned by the online community.
Ha! I’m sure that b*tch won’t be able to recover from such a powerful online onslaught. That way, she will eventually be forced to leave the country even if | don’t take any action. When that time comes, I'll have Lucian all to myself!
As a result, Aubree continued to pay close attention to the discussions online, thinking that netizens would continue to attack and scold Roxanne.
To her horror, everything took a sudden turn later that night.
The first wave of anger hit Aubree when Queen Group published its statement, causing her to toss and turn the entire night as she wondered how she could blow the matter up.
Unfortunately, the situation only worsened when Jessica issued a public apology and confessed to spreading the nasty rumors out of sheer jealousy.
Since they were both in Horington’s upper-class social circle, Aubree knew Jessica’s reputation well enough to surmise that the latter couldn’t have apologized on her own. Something must have happened that forced her to take such a drastic measure.
Therefore, as frustrating as things were, Aubree didn’t dare to act rashly. After staying up all night seething with rage, she was distracted when her phone suddenly rang in the morning. Upon seeing that it was an unknown caller, Aubree hung up the phone without hesitation.
From the day before till that morning, she felt like she had been on an emotional rollercoaster that sent her plummeting to rock bottom.
When Harvey's interview came on, the atmosphere around her became even more frighteningly frigid, so why would she be in any mood to answer a stranger’s call?
To Aubree’s surprise, she had only just ended the call when she received a text from the same number: Ms. Pearson, don’t you want to hear about Mr. Farwell?”
The mention of Lucian instantly grabbed Aubree’s attention as she furrowed her brow and carefully weighed her options. In the end, she decided to call the number, and the person on the other end answered within seconds. “Who are you?” Aubree asked coldly.
Eyes blazing with fury, Jessica replied, “It doesn’t matter if you don’t know me, Ms. Pearson. All you need to know is the relationship between Mr. Farwell and Roxanne Jarvis!”
Upon hearing that, Aubree felt her heart sink.
What? | can’t believe she knows about Lucian and Roxanne! If word gets out, what would people think about me as the fiancée? Aubree replied cautiously, “What are you talking about? | don’t understand what you're implying!”
“Ha! You'd better keep an eye on Roxanne Jarvis, Ms. Pearson. Because of her, Mr. Farwell pushed Hightower Group to its edge in just one day,” Jessica snapped. “Now that you know what he’s willing to do for Roxanne, what do you think their relationship’s like?”
Needless to say, Aubree’s heart sank even further.
The Farwell Group took action, huh? I’ve always known there was something between Lucian and that b*tch, but | never expected him to go to such lengths for her!
“Wait a minute. Are you Jessica Hightower?” Aubree asked.
Acold chuckle rang out on the other end before Jessica's voice sounded again. “I’m surprised that you’d even know me, Ms. Pearson. Don’t worry. | won't divulge anything about the relationship between Lucian and that b*tch. That said, | do hope you won't let her off!”
With that, Aubree finally heaved a sigh of relief. “Thank you for informing me. Since that b*tch has the guts to seduce Lucian, I'll make her pay for it!” 
###Chapter 740
Chapter 740
Chapter 740 Ask Someone To Send You After hanging up the call, all Aubree could think of was everything Lucian had done for Roxanne.
At the same time, she felt grateful for staying out of that matter. If I'd done anything, Lucian would definitely find out. If that happens, I’m afraid I'll face a fate as terrible as Jessica’s. Still, Lucian is blatantly favoring that b*tch, Roxanne, now. If this situation drags on, I'll risk losing my position as Lucian’s fiancée! | need to make a move.
Aubree sat inside the room for the entire morning but failed to come up with any plan. In the afternoon, when the waitress came to deliver her meal, she got up to open the door.
Aubree frowned slightly at the sight of the waitress pushing the cart full of food into the room as an idea popped into her head. The waitress was shifting the plates of food from the cart to the dining table when a hand suddenly appeared from behind her. “That’s not needed. I'll do it myself,” Aubree uttered gently.
The waitress was stunned after hearing that. She regained her senses after a few seconds and instinctively rejected, “This is my obligation. You—”
Before she could finish the rest of her sentence, the waitress felt someone slam into her.
“Ah!” Aubree yelped and staggered two steps backward. Then, she fell to the floor on her side as an agonized expression spread across her face.
Even before the waitress could make sense of the unexpected turns of events, she already realized anyone who could stay in the presidential suite was either very affluent or highly influential, so there was no doubt she could not afford to offend this woman.
Regardless of whether she had anything to do with the customer’s fall, there was no way for her to deny responsibility since that incident happened when she delivered the meal.
“I'm terribly sorry. It was my fault for being careless. Are you all right?” the waitress hastily apologized without hesitation. Aubree held her arm and wore a tight frown. “My arm is hurting so badly.”
The waitress panicked at once after hearing that. “I'll send you to the hospital right away!”
She reached out to help Aubree up from the floor as she spoke.
Naturally, Aubree’s goal was not to visit the hospital. When she heard the waitress’ offer, she immediately shook her head. “That’s not needed. I’m going to make a phone call.”
Perturbation overwhelmed the waitress’ mind after Aubree said she wanted to make a phone call.
Since Aubree did not order her to leave, the waitress had no other choice but to remain rooted in her spot and wait.
Subsequently, Aubree dialed Lucian’s phone number, but it took quite a while for the call to be picked up.
“What's the matter?” Lucian asked coldly. He had just finished his work in the morning and was about to have lunch when he suddenly received Aubree’s call.
An icy glint flashed across her eyes when she sensed his indifferent tone. Despite that, her tone was pitiful as she said, “Lucian, my arm is hurting.”
He furrowed his brows after listening to her. “Go to a hospital then.”
However, Lucian was swiftly reminded of his mother’s instruction to take care of Aubree, prompting him to add, “I'll ask someone to send you to the hospital if necessary.”
Aubree’s expression grew increasingly ugly. “That’s not needed. The injury is not that severe, but it’s a little painful. It'll be inconvenient for me to live alone in the hotel, so can | go to your place and stay there for a couple of days?”
The waitress was baffled when she saw the changes in Aubree’s expression and heard her tone. However, the next second, Aubree glared at the waitress, causing the latter to be scared out of her wits.
On the other end of the phone call, Lucian knitted his brows without showing any inclination to agree to Aubree’s request. All along, Roxanne has been wary of my status as Aubree’s fiancé, contributing to her reluctance to accept my pursuit. Her perception of me is finally improving now. If | allow Aubree to move into my house, I’m afraid all my previous efforts will go down the drain. 
###Chapter 741
Chapter 741
Chapter 741 Take Care Of You
Aubree was furious because Lucian did not reply even after some time. Still, she said tenderly, “I slipped and fell just now, and I think | aggravated my wound from the car accident previously. It hurts so bad.”
However, even after hearing that, Lucian merely replied emotionlessly, “If the pain is so severe, I'll ask someone to send you to the hospital. I'll hang up now if there’s nothing else. | have another meeting to attend in the afternoon.”
Aubree gritted her teeth. “All right. Get back to your work then.” Lucian wasted no time disconnecting the call right after she spoke.
Her face turned grim as she stared at the darkening phone screen. Standing at one side, the waitress piped up fearfully, “Miss, let me accompany you to the hospital—”
Before the waitress could finish her sentence, Aubree interrupted, “Get lost!”
The waitress shuddered. She looked up and saw Aubree, who had been complaining about how much her arm hurt a few moments ago, using her “injured” arm to knock all the dishes on the table to the floor. The floor was a complete mess after a few seconds.
The waitress lamented inwardly, knowing she had been dragged into a tight spot yet not daring to utter a single word. She could only clean up the clutter on the floor as quickly as possible and leave the room before Aubree threw another fit of anger.
Aubree, eyes reddened, panted heavily inside the room. Why is this happening? I’ve waited for Lucian for so many years, staying obediently by his side without making any complaint, yet he’s giving me the cold shoulder. On the other hand, he’s treating that b*tch so well, even after her unannounced departure six years ago! What’s so good about that b*tch anyway?
The more Aubree pondered over the matter, the more furious she became. After venting her wrath briefly, she gritted her teeth and dialed Sonya’s number.
It did not take long before Sonya answered the call. “What’s the matter, Aubree?” Aubree sobbed out, “Mrs. Farwell, I’m in pain.” Sonya’s heart lurched with dread after hearing that. “What happened to you? Didn’t Lucian send someone to look after you?”
Aubree whimpered pitifully, “I’m at a hotel. | accidentally fell and appeared to have worsened my previous injuries. | called Lucian, but he told me he had work in the afternoon. Since my dad is still mad at me, | have no one else to turn to but you...”
Sonya frowned. “You're at a hotel?”
Following Aubree’s argument with Samuel, Sonya had contacted her a few times before to express her concern. However, she was completely unaware that Aubree had been arranged to stay in a hotel.
At that moment, listening to Aubree describing the pain in her arm, heartache and frustration churned in Sonya. She was displeased that Lucian was mistreating the daughter-in-law she rooted for.
Aubree answered with a soft “yeah.” Then, she intentionally put up a thoughtful pretense by defending Lucian. “Lucian is swamped with work most of the time, so it doesn’t matter where | stay. Besides, Essie harbors an aversion to me now, so | want to avoid upsetting her by living under the same roof with them.”
As soon as she finished speaking, Sonya’s voice sounded through the phone’s speaker. “Where are you? I'll go and pick you up at once.”
Ahint of smugness flashed across Aubree’s face after she received her desired response. Still, she deliberately spoke in a timid voice when informing Sonya of the name of the hotel she was staying at.
With that, Sonya hung up the call and ordered the driver to send her to the hotel Aubree was at.
On the way to her destination, anger boiled within Sonya’s chest. | thought | placed Aubree in good hands by asking Lucian to care for her. However, little did | expect him to leave her alone and neglected in a hotel! He didn’t even take the time to visit Aubree when she’s suffering from a relapse! 
###Chapter 742
Chapter 742
Chapter 742 Is There Anything Else
That night, after Lucian picked up Estella and returned home, he saw his mother and Aubree sitting on the couch. Rage was seen on Sonya’s face, while Aubree looked troubled. The latter stood and greeted, “Lucian, Essie, you’re back.”
Expressionlessly, Lucian nodded at her and turned to look at his mother. As for Estella, after she saw Aubree, she timidly hid behind her father and didn’t even greet Sonya.
Holding Estella’s hand, he wordlessly comforted the child as he asked in a deep voice, “Why are you here with Aubree, Mom?”
Upon hearing her son’s question, Sonya’s scowl grew more intense. “You're still wondering why the two of us are here? | entrusted Aubree to you, yet you refused to let her stay at home. To make matters worse, you didn’t even check up on her when her injury relapsed!”
Annoyed, Lucian felt his head throb. “I already asked someone to send her to the hospital, but she didn’t want to go.”
He was telling the truth, but the person he sent informed him that Aubree refused to go to the hospital. Now that | think about it, she was probably waiting for Mom to go over. Mom certainly didn’t disappoint her and directly brought her here.
“Aubree is injured and is in trouble with her family again. How can you expect her to go to the hospital alone with no one to talk to and no one to take care of her?” Before Aubree could explain her decision, Sonya had already provided a reason for her.
Aubree was delighted, but she still pretentiously put on a piteous look.
“Then what do you want me to do?” Lucian couldn’t be bothered to continue this pointless argument with his mother. After all, Sonya always put Aubree’s interests above everything else whenever the matter concerned the latter.
Any further arguments about the matter would just be a waste of time.
Sonya glanced at Aubree before turning to face him. “Let Aubree stay at your place for now.”
Estella frowned and tightened her grip on her father’s hand as a sign of protest. | only want Ms. Jarvis to live with us! | don’t want to stay with this bad lady!
Naturally, Lucian knew what was on his daughter’s mind. He patted her head before speaking to his mother. “I can ask Catalina to take care of her in a hotel. Just forget about letting her live here.”
Aubree’s lashes trembled before she tugged on the corner of Sonya’s shirt pitifully. “I think | should go back to the hotel, Mrs.
Farwell. | can take care of myself.”
Aubree’s sensibility further reinforced Sonya’s idea of letting the younger woman stay. “I’ve already checked out of her hotel room. Aubree’s arm is injured. Why are you making things difficult for her? You spend your entire day in the company, so what's the difference between her staying here and the hotel?”
Before Lucian could retort, Sonya stood, turned to Aubree, and reminded, “I'll be going back now. You stay in the manor. Catalina will take good care of you.”
Aubree stared at Lucian cautiously before nodding at Sonya with a troubled expression.
Sonya approached her son and asked, “You're not going to walk me out?”
With a frown, Lucian asked Catalina to take care of Estella before exiting the house with his mother. “Is there anything else?” He knew she had something to say to him if she specifically asked him to walk her out.
Slowly, Sonya turned around and glared furiously at him upon hearing what he said. 
###Chapter 743
Chapter 743
Chapter 743 Aversion Lucian more or less knew what she wanted to say, so he furrowed his eyebrows silently and waited.
With a serious expression, Sonya uttered, “I’m still going to say the same thing, Lucian. Aubree has waited for you for six years, and things have been hard for her. No matter what happens, you can’t disappoint her!”
They had had that same conversation many times before, so much so that it gave him a headache every time he heard it. It also made him lose the drive to argue with her.
She continued to speak as he listened silently.
Inside the mansion, Estella stared at the woman sitting on the couch and timidly grabbed the edge of Catalina’s shirt while wearing a wary expression.
Upon noticing the girl’s aversion toward her, Aubree felt displeased, but she still pretended to be nice. “Look, | brought you a gift, Essie.”
Then she pulled out a doll from her bag. “Do you like it?” Without hesitation, the girl shook her head. I’m not going to like anything this bad lady gives me!
When Aubree saw the girl shaking her head, the expression on her face froze for a moment before returning to normal. “It’s fine if you don’t like it. I'll take you out next time to buy whatever you like.”
In response, Estella cowered behind Catalina wordlessly.
“Ms. Estella just returned from school, Ms. Pearson. She’s probably tired. You should wait here in the living room while | send Ms. Estella back to her room first.” Catalina watched Estella grow up, so she understood the girl’s emotions very well.
She could tell Estella was afraid, so she immediately stood in front of Estella and shielded the little girl as she spoke to Aubree politely.
The moment she finished speaking, Aubree frowned. “I’ll send Essie upstairs. | have something | want to talk to her about.” Then, Aubree stood and approached the girl.
Estella grabbed onto the edge of Catalina’s shirt even tighter when she saw Aubree getting close. Defiance was written all over her face.
Catalina was distressed when she saw Estella’s expression. However, due to her identity, she couldn’t say anything. She could only watch as Aubree approached and stretched out her hand toward Estella.
“I'll send you upstairs, Essie.” Aubree put on her most amicable smile with the intention of changing the girl's attitude toward her. To her surprise, Estella still didn’t take her hand even after she waited patiently for a while. Instead, the little girl cowered further behind Catalina.
In response, Aubree’s eyebrows creased imperceptibly as she suppressed the rage in her heart. Patiently, she squatted down and stared into Estella’s eyes apologetically. “l can understand why you don’t like me, Essie. | didn’t know how to deal with children in the past, and | wasn’t patient enough with you. | hope you can forgive me. Let’s learn how to get along with each other, okay?”
Pursing her lips, Estella still shook her head.
Aubree had to dig her nails into her palm in secret to stifle her raging fury. This little b*tch! How dare she reject me when I’m asking her to get along with me nicely! It seems like she has forgotten how | used to punish her! If Catalina weren’t around right now, | would’ve shown her the consequences of disobeying me!
Children were usually sensitive to adults’ emotions. Despite Aubree’s attempt at suppressing her emotions, Estella could still sense her anger. Thus, the girl promptly and cautiously tightened her grip on Catalina’s shirt.
Sensing the girl’s emotions, Catalina could only protect her silently. She didn’t have the nerve to say anything.
“Be a good girl, okay, Essie? I’m going to be your mommy in the future. Don’t you want to get along with your mommy?” Biting the bullet, Aubree used the ace up her sleeve.
She thought that would make the girl cooperate, but to her surprise, the moment she ended her sentence, Estella’s detestation became even more obvious. 
###Chapter 744
Chapter 744
Chapter 744 Filled With Remorse
Initially, Estella only hid behind Catalina, but after she heard what Aubree said about being her future mother, her expression instantly changed. She glared at Aubree angrily before running upstairs by herself.
Aubree’s face fell as she watched the girl leave. Catalina breathed an inward sigh of relief when she saw Estella running away. “Ms. Estella’s emotions are often unstable. | hope you'll forgive her, Ms. Pearson.”
In response, Aubree flashed her a forceful smile. Amidst her frustration, she heard sounds at the mansion’s entrance. Subsequently, she saw Lucian stepping back into the building.
“Has Mrs. Farwell left already, Lucian?” Aubree made swift adjustments to her expression before staring at the person at the entrance pitifully.
After shooting a glance at her, Lucian nodded indifferently and turned to Catalina. “Where’s Essie?”
He asked Catalina to take care of Estella before he went out, which was why he was wondering where his daughter had gone to. Catalina subconsciously glanced at Aubree before informing, “Ms. Estella... went back to her room.”
The man furrowed his brows. What did Aubree do to Essie again?
“Since Mrs. Farwell has already left, should I...” Aubree intentionally shot a piteous look at Lucian, wanting to ask if she should stay or go.
Instead of looking at her, he relayed an order to Catalina. “Arrange a guest room for Ms. Pearson.” Catalina was briefly shocked as she didn’t expect Lucian to allow Aubree to stay. Still, she complied with his order.
She was aware of Estella’s and Lucian’s attitudes toward Aubree, so she prepared a room that was furthest from their bedrooms for Aubree to stay in.
When Aubree heard that she could stay, joy leaped into her heart as she promised, “I promise to not cause any trouble!” Lucian nodded coldly.
Earlier at the mansion’s entrance, his mother spent a long time convincing him to let Aubree stay.
She always managed to counter him with the right words, no matter what he said.
In the end, he had no choice but to agree.
However, he only agreed to let Aubree stay. That didn’t mean he was going to change his attitude toward her.
Soon, Catalina finished tidying the guest room and asked Aubree to go and take a look.
Instead of doing that, Aubree stared at Lucian. “My arm is injured. Can you help me carry my luggage?”
Frowning, Lucian grabbed her luggage indifferently and followed her upstairs.
Displeasure swiftly flashed past Aubree’s eyes when she saw the room Catalina had arranged for her. Why is it so far away from Lucian’s room?
“This guest room is easier to clean up, and it’s bigger. It'll be much more convenient for you to stay here, Ms. Pearson,” Catalina explained with a grin.
With a forced smile, Aubree thanked her. Seeing that Lucian was about to leave after he put the luggage down, she called out to him, “Lucian!” He turned back to look at her.
“| tried to talk to Essie just now, but looks like she still dislikes me. Can | take Essie on a shopping trip to buy stuff for her tomorrow to make up for my past mistakes?” Her face was filled with remorse as she gazed at him cautiously.
Unfortunately for her, Lucian was unmoved. “That won't be necessary. Essie doesn’t need anything for the moment. You should focus on taking care of yourself and return home soon.”
He then strode out of the room without giving her a chance to speak. 
###Chapter 745
Chapter 745
Chapter 745 Acting
Aubree’s expression darkened as she stared at Lucian’s back. Even though he had agreed to let her stay in the manor, it was obvious he intended to ignore her presence.
Of course, she wasn’t going to allow that to happen. Meanwhile, after Lucian left the room, he strode to Estella’s bedroom before knocking on the door. “Open up, Essie.”
When Estella heard her father’s voice, she recalled what Aubree had said earlier. In response, she turned around in a huff, facing the door with her back.
After waiting for some time, Lucian still hadn’t gotten a response from her. She must be sulking again. What a headache. Both my mother and my daughter are just taking turns to give me a hard time tonight.
Lucian waited a little longer, and still, there was no response. So, he grabbed the key, unlocked the door, and entered the room.
When he entered the room, he saw his daughter sitting on the bed while hugging her knees, curling into a ball. From his angle, she looked so tiny.
The look in Lucian’s eyes softened when he saw Estella sulking. He spoke tenderly. “Grandma needed to talk to me just now, so | left you alone for a while. Tell me what happened, okay?”
The little girl shot her father a glare upon seeing that he had entered the room without gaining her approval.
Alas, she was too tiny and adorable to be intimidating, so the look in her eyes didn’t scare Lucian at all. It just came off as amusing to him.
Seeing the smile on Lucian’s face made Estella’s temper spike. “I hate you, Daddy!” He raised his eyebrow slightly. “What did | do wrong?”
She pouted. “You said you're going to pursue Ms. Jarvis!”
With an indifferent nod, he replied, “That’s what I've been doing.”
Estella’s rage quelled when she heard his response, but still, suspicions surfaced in her eyes. “But she said she’s going to be my mommy in the future.”
Of course, both of them knew who “she” was.
Lucian’s expression turned gloomy when he heard that.
Time and again, he told Aubree that there was no way love would blossom between them.
Yet, during the few short minutes when he wasn’t around, she actually had the audacity to say such things to his daughter. Staring at her father, Estella waited for his answer.
“I'm not going to marry her,” Lucian promised in a deep voice. “I let her stay here because that’s what Grandma wants me to do. Don’t worry, I'll send her away as soon as possible.”
Only when Estella heard that was she at ease. Pursing her lips, she nodded, though there was still a touch of aggrievement on her face.
He patted her head. “All right, let's go downstairs and eat.”
Hesitation flashed past her face. “I don’t want to.”
| don’t want to eat with that obnoxious lady!
Lucian saw through her and comforted her. “If you don’t like her, you're free to ignore her when I’m around. She won't dare to do anything to you.”
As he spoke, suspicions filled his heart. After what Aubree did to Essie last time, | finally know that she has always been acting in front of me. Although, I’m still not sure what she did to Essie behind my back that caused Essie to hate her so much. Or was that usually how she treated Essie whenever they were alone in the past?
When his train of thought ended there, the atmosphere around him became thick with tension.
Estella was feeling pretty hungry, so after she heard her father’s words, she hesitated for a few seconds before following him downstairs. 
###Chapter 746
Chapter 746
Chapter 746 No One Found Out
Aubree was already waiting at the dining table downstairs. When she saw Lucian and Estella coming downstairs, she faced the girl apologetically. “I’m sorry, Essie. | think | said the wrong thing again earlier.”
Estella grabbed her father’s hand tightly as she glanced at him, nonverbally asking him if she really could ignore the woman. He patted her head in consolation and pulled her to his side.
Both of them ignored Aubree. The atmosphere at the dining table was incredibly awkward.
Aubree was enraged when she saw the father-and-daughter duo sit down to eat without paying even a bit of attention to her as though she wasn’t there. However, she couldn’t vent her anger and even had to try and please the little girl.
“You're still growing, Essie. You need to eat more so you'll grow taller.” Wearing a fake smile, she put a piece of pork on the girl's plate.
Estella paused in her tracks as she stared at the pork on her plate. Lucian scrunched his brows as he removed the pork from his daughter's plate and explained apathetically, “Essie doesn’t like pork.”
Aubree’s expression shifted slightly. This is the Farwell residence. There’s no way the chef would make something Essie doesn’t like to eat! This b*tch just doesn’t like the food | took for her!
Even though she realized that, she couldn’t complain, so she just gritted her teeth and apologized, “Is that so? | had no idea. I’m sorry.”
Lucian nodded expressionlessly. “When I’m not around, Catalina will take care of Essie, so you don’t need to worry about her. If you have time, spend it talking with your family.”
Pinching her palm, Aubree agreed.
After the awkward dinner was over, Lucian brought Estella back upstairs.
Aubree’s scowl intensified as she watched them leave.
As much as she didn’t want to admit it, his actions so far had clearly shown her that he had no feelings for her. In fact, it was even possible that he saw her as a liability.
That thought filled her heart with despair.
“Do you still want to eat, Ms. Pearson?” Catalina asked in concern when she saw Aubree remain still at the dining table for a long while.
Suppressing the rage in her heart, Aubree smiled at her. “I haven’t been able to sleep well for these two days. Can you bring me a bottle of red wine?”
Catalina didn’t give that request too much thought before grabbing an opened bottle of red wine from a wine cabinet filled with alcohol meant to serve guests. After thanking Catalina, Aubree returned to her room with a decanter and the bottle of red wine. Right now, only wine can lift my
spirits and make me temporarily forget about Lucian...
With that thought in mind, she glugged down the bottle of wine like water. She didn’t care how she was supposed to drink red wine and just gulped it down.
Not long after, the aftereffect of the red wine kicked in. Aubree’s cheeks turned red, her eyes filled with drunkenness. All she could think of was, ironically, Lucian.
Due to her state of tipsiness, she became even more rash than usual. As she thought about Lucian, she staggered out of the room in a wobbly manner. He should be in the study right now...
With one hand pressing on the wall to support herself, she stumbled toward the study and muttered, “Lucian... Lucian...”
Lucian usually had to work even when he was at home, so the second floor usually didn’t have any housekeepers around. That was why no one noticed Aubree was acting oddly.
She arrived at the door of the study without any trouble and stared at the tightly shut door before knocking on it amidst her inebriation. 
###Chapter 747
Chapter 747
Chapter 747 Drunk
Inside the study, Lucian, eyebrows furrowed, was staring at his unfinished work for the day. Suddenly, he heard a set of footsteps approaching the door.
Shortly after, a loud knocking sound was heard. He moved his line of sight away from the computer and frowned at the door.
The housekeepers of the Farwell residence normally would have rested at that time. Even if that weren't the case, no one would disturb him willy-nilly while he worked in the study.
Not only that, the knocking was really loud, which could only mean Aubree was the one at the door. What is that woman up to now? Lucian thought.
The knocking continued. He had just gone through much trouble to tuck Estella in, so he still stood and opened the door to prevent her from being woken up by the relentless knocks.
When he opened the door, he saw an intoxicated Aubree at the entrance. Lucian had no idea how much she had drunk, but he could tell the smell of wine was creeping into the study.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Upon seeing her, he stared at her with a frown and spoke in a deep voice. “You're drunk. You should return to your room and rest.” He then prepared to turn around and close the door.
To his surprise, the moment he turned around, Aubree hugged his waist. Lucian stopped in his tracks, stared at Aubree’s arms around his waist, and ordered coldly, “Let go.”
She was still in a daze as she spoke. “I won't... | love you, Lucian. Don’t cancel the engagement, okay? What's so good about Roxanne, anyway? She left you back then while I’ve waited for you for six years...”
That was the same thing Sonya said to him.
Even though Aubree meant what she said, Lucian was still unmoved by her words. In fact, a touch of disdain even flashed past his eyes. For six years, this woman put up an act in front of me and bullied Essie behind my back, yet she has the gall to mention it!
“Lucian...” She hugged him from behind, putting all her weight on him. Every single breath of hers sprayed the stench of alcohol on his body.
Sensing her movements, his face fell, and he grabbed her wrists forcefully without hesitation. “Ugh...” She grimaced and let go of him reflexively. Holding her injured wrist, she stumbled backward with a pained expression.
Expressionlessly, Lucian turned around and stared down at her before warning in a cold voice, “The only reason | let you stay is because of my mother. If you behave yourself, I'll allow you to stay until you can return to your home. If you continue acting as you please, don’t blame me when | ask someone to chase you away!”
Aubree regained some of her senses because of the pain. Fear filled her eyes when she heard what he said, and she apologized instinctively, “I’m sorry, Lucian. It’s my fault. | drank too much earlier. Don’t chase me out...” Gazing at her coldly, he ordered, “Get back to your room!”
Aubree still didn’t want to give up as she stared at him pitifully. “My legs are so weak right now. Can you send me back to my room?”
When she finished her sentence, the man before her didn’t immediately reply. Instead, he just raised his eyebrow wordlessly. For a moment, she was delighted because she thought he was going to say yes. However, to her dismay, Lucian asked a housekeeper to send her back to her room.
She scowled in response because she didn’t want a housekeeper to see her wretched state. Nevertheless, she didn’t dare to say anything after seeing his frosty expression. Thus, she allowed the housekeeper to bring her back to her room.
He promptly returned to the study after that. His eyebrows furrowed when the stench of alcohol rushed into his nose. To get rid of the smell, he opened the windows. 
###Chapter 748
Chapter 748
Chapter 748 Fake Smile
The next morning, Lucian heard a series of careful knocks on his door when he woke up. The only person who would do that was Estella.
As expected, he saw the girl standing in front of his bedroom with puppy dog eyes when he went to open the door. Upon seeing him, she greeted sweetly, “Good morning, Daddy!”
Nodding slightly, he patted her head. “What's the matter? Why did you wake up so early today?” After glancing at Aubree’s room, she lifted her head and stared at her father. “I want to meet Ms. Jarvis! Take me to see her!”
The last thing she wanted was to spend time with Aubree, and even the mere thought of having breakfast with the woman filled her heart with disgust.
A frown marred Lucian’s face as he knew what the girl was thinking and understood her feelings. However, he needed to attend an important meeting that morning. He would be late if he sent his daughter to Roxanne’s place before going to the company.
Thus, his initial plan was to let the girl stay in the house, but when he lowered his head, he saw a pleading look in her eyes. In the end, he couldn’t bring himself to say no to that face.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
“| have something to tend to at work today. So, you'll come with me to the company before | ask Mr. Lawson to take you there. Is that okay?” he asked.
While Estella didn’t want to stay with Aubree, she was still an obedient girl. So, she nodded when she heard her father had work- related matters to deal with.
Patting the girl’s head, Lucian turned around and went to wash up.
As for Estella, she waited at the door docilely.
Meanwhile, Aubree had just woken up. Due to her excessive drinking last night, she was groggy and had a nasty headache. The cold attitude Lucian gave her last night was still fresh in her mind.
Thinking about how coldly he treated her enraged her instantly. It also made her panic because, if things continued in that trajectory, her position might really be replaced by Roxanne. Even if he gives me the cold shoulder again, | must put up with it! | must change Lucian’s attitude toward me!
As that thought came into mind, she ignored her headache, swiftly freshened up, and prepared to head downstairs.
She could only see him during the morning and night because he would spend the rest of the day in the company. That was why she couldn’t miss out on any chance to meet him.
When she left her room, she saw Estella, who was waiting for Lucian in front of his bedroom.
Thus, Aubree slowed her pace, adjusted her expression, and approached the girl with a smile.
“You're up early, Essie.” She tried to caress the girl’s head when she got close enough.
However, when Estella saw the woman, she had her guard up like a porcupine raising its body’s quills. Then, as she regarded her warily, she inched into her father’s room.
Aubree retracted her hand and paused in her tracks, but the smile on her face remained. “Are you waiting for your father? How about | bring you downstairs?”
Without hesitation, the girl shook her head with an expression of clear defiance.
Aubree was already suffering from a terrible headache, so when she was once again rejected by Estella, the smile on her face disappeared.
Glancing at the bedroom, she surmised Lucian was probably still inside the bathroom, meaning he wouldn't be able to see what was going on outside.
At that realization, Aubree’s expression turned grim. “Listen to me obediently and follow me downstairs!” 
###Chapter 749
Chapter 749
Chapter 749 Fear
When Aubree revealed her true colors and put on a frightening expression, Estella jumped in fear and wanted to go to Lucian. However, her wrist was grabbed by Aubree, and she couldn’t break free.
Staring coldly at the girl, Aubree uttered, “If you don’t want to suffer, you better obey me! Don’t piss me off, do you understand?” Inside the bathroom, Lucian was taking a shower when he called Roxanne.
He knew how much of a workaholic she was, so he was worried Roxanne might not be there when Cayden sent Estella over. The little girl would throw a temper tantrum if she didn’t get to see Roxanne. That was why he was calling her, to make sure she was around.
Thankfully, she picked up the call rather quickly. “What's the matter, Lucian?” Roxanne sounded groggy. She might have just woken up, or she was woken up by the call.
Amused by her sleepy tone, Lucian apologized softly, “Did | wake you up? Sorry.”
She yawned slightly and sat up in bed. “It’s okay. | should be waking up at this time, anyway. | think | overslept a little. Why are you calling me early in the morning?”
“Essie wants to go to your place. Do you have time during the morning for that? If it’s not convenient for you, | can ask her to stay in the company with me.”
After spending time with Roxanne for a while, Lucian figured out her preferred way of interacting between the two of them. Therefore, he would use a negotiating tone whenever he spoke to her.
Roxanne pondered for a while before agreeing. “Got it. I’ll be at home in the morning.”
He was astounded when he heard her agree to it readily. Raising his eyebrows in surprise, he hummed in response and told her the estimated time that Estella would arrive before ending the call.
After hanging up, Lucian stepped out of the bathroom and glanced at his daughter, who was still at the door.
Aubree was still threatening the girl at that moment and was shocked to see Lucian emerging from the bathroom. Hastily, her expression changed as she greeted him guiltily, “Lucian.”
The moment he saw her, he remembered how she pestered him last night. With a cold tone, he asked, “Why are you here?”
Her eyelashes quivered before she explained cautiously, “I saw Essie standing here, so | thought | should come over and talk with her.” Then, she flashed a fake smile at the girl. “Isn’t that right, Essie?”
Pursing her lips, Estella glanced at the woman before wordlessly running toward her father, hiding behind him while grabbing his pants.
The look in Lucian’s eyes darkened as he regarded his daughter’s restless demeanor. He then glimpsed the woman at the door. Even though his gaze merely swept past Aubree’s face briefly, it still made her tremble. She clenched her hand tightly to prevent herself from losing her composure.
He was tired of dealing with her, so he just said, “I'll bring Essie downstairs later. You can go down first.”
Upon hearing that, she parted her lips to say something but didn’t dare to. Silently, she shot a glare at Estella before descending the stairs. With that, only Estella and Lucian were left in the room.
“What did you two talk about with each other earlier?” He looked at her with a frown. She was clearly afraid when she ran toward me just now.
Pressing her lips into a thin line, the girl shook her head, refusing to talk. She appeared similar to how she used to act when her autism was severe.
Lucian’s heart dropped when he saw that. Instead of asking any more questions, he wordlessly comforted Estella by caressing her head. 
###Chapter 750
Chapter 750
Chapter 750 Warm Smile
Not long after, Lucian brought Estella downstairs. Aubree was already sitting at the dining table. When she saw them, she stifled the displeasure in her heart and smiled at them before pointing to the spot next to her. “Come over here, Essie. Let’s eat breakfast together.”
She thought her threat from earlier would make the girl listen to her. To her surprise, the little girl blatantly ignored her. Grabbing onto the hem of her father’s shirt, Estella followed him to the dining table and allowed him to lift her and plop her down on the seat next to him.
Aubree’s expression froze when she saw neither of them had any intention of paying attention to her. “You're heading to work in a while, right, Lucian?” she asked a few seconds later, refusing to give up. He nodded indifferently.
Aubree’s rage dissipated slightly when she at least got some response out of him. With a smile, she suggested, “Then let me take care of you today, Essie! I'll make sure you'll have tons of fun!”
The instant she ended her sentence, she saw Estella glancing at her cautiously before looking back down and eating silently. In the past, when the girl’s condition hadn’t improved yet, she tended to remain silent when Aubree talked to her.
In Aubree’s opinion, the girl’s behavior had worsened to the point of straight-up disrespecting her. Even threats no longer worked. Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
Realizing that Estella had changed, Aubree was enraged, and she blamed everything on Roxanne. If not for that b*tch, this brat wouldn't have defied me. The brat clearly thinks she has someone supporting her now, so she could do as she pleases. It’s all because of that b*tch! | lost my best way into the Farwell family because of her!
Meanwhile, she was also mad at the stubborn little girl. | remember Lucian’s relationship with that b*tch was quite awkward when she first returned to the country. The reason their relationship improved was because of this brat! Even though | treated her so well, she ungratefully insisted on clinging to that b*tch! If not for her, that b*tch wouldn’t have had so many opportunities to spend time with Lucian and develop their relationship to what it is today!
As her thoughts ran wild, Aubree started staring at Estella with hatred in her eyes.
The girl was sensitive enough to sense Aubree’s hostility. Thus, she put the spoon down and tugged at her father’s sleeve to indicate that she wanted to head to Roxanne’s as soon as possible.
Aubree rapidly changed her expression and smiled warmly in response to that. Lucian glanced at her. “There's no need for that. Essie will be following me today.” Without giving Aubree a chance to speak, he put his fork down and stood up. “I'll be leaving with Essie now.” When Estella heard
that, she got down from her chair, grabbed her father’s sleeve, and left the mansion with him.
Aubree watched the two of them leave with a gloomy look. After sitting at the table for a while, she got up as well. No, | must follow them and see where the two of them are going.
“Ms. Pearson!” Catalina called out in confusion upon seeing Aubree leave when she barely touched her meal. Without turning to look at Catalina, Aubree replied, “I’m going home.”
After that, she stepped out of the mansion. Fortunately for her, she exited the building at the right time. Lucian’s car had just left the residence.
Thus, she speedily went to the side of the road, hailed a taxi, entered it, and asked the driver to tail Lucian’s car. 
###Chapter 751
Chapter 751
Chapter 751 Take Good Care Of Essie
During the drive to his office, Lucian cast a glance at his daughter through the rearview mirror and furrowed his brows. “I'll send you there,” Lucian said in a low voice.
Initially, he wanted to ask Cayden to send her over. However, judging by Estella’s current state, Lucian reckoned it would be difficult for Cayden to deal with her later on.
He gave Cayden a call right after. It did not take long for Cayden to pick up the call. “Mr. Farwell, when will you arrive?” Lucian frowned and said, “Postpone the meeting in the morning.”
Cayden was stumped. The meeting in the morning was important, and yet Lucian had ordered to postpone it. “Postpone it by an hour will do,” Lucian added. “I’m going to drop Essie off.”
Cayden hurriedly agreed to make the arrangements. He had been working with Lucian for years, and he was already used to his boss prioritizing Estella in every aspect of his life.
After hanging up the call, Lucian turned the car around and headed toward Roxanne’s place. Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
Following closely behind Lucian’s car was Aubree in a taxi. The fury burning in her chest was slightly appeased when she noticed that Lucian was heading to his office. However, upon noticing that he made an abrupt U-turn, Aubree stiffened in response.
Even though she had never been to Roxanne’s place, Aubree had a hunch that Lucian was heading toward the woman’s place right then.
Aubree’s face fell when she was hit by the pang of realization. She ordered the driver in an icy tone, “Keep up with that car!” The driver nodded hastily and tailed behind Lucian as told.
As expected, his car slowly came to a stop in front of Roxanne’s place.
Lucian led Estella out of the car and rang the doorbell.
He was greeted soon after, perhaps because he had made a call prior to coming.
“Why is it you? Didn’t you say you will ask Cayden to drop Essie off?”
Roxanne was slightly surprised at the sight of Lucian, and she gave him a confounded look.
“| think it’s better for me to drop her off myself,” Lucian explained.
Roxanne was perplexed by his explanation and lowered her head to look at Estella. Only then did she notice something off with the little girl.
Estella would always greet Roxanne whenever she met her. This time, however, the little girl merely kept quiet as she stared at Roxanne piteously.
It would appear as if the girl had returned to her autistic self.
“Essie?” Roxanne’s heart constricted at the sight, worried that the little girl’s condition had relapsed.
Estella finally snapped out of her daze when she heard Roxanne. The little girl blinked her eyes in distress and edged closer to Roxanne. “Ms. Jarvis...”
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief and patted her head. She looked at Lucian and asked, “What’s the matter with Essie?”
Lucian frowned. He did not know how to tell Roxanne the fact that Aubree had moved into the Farwell residence.
He remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “I guess she'll tell you later.”
Roxanne was even more befuddled by his words.
Seeing as the man did not seem to wish to divulge further, she did not egg him on and merely nodded in response.
Archie and Benny were standing right behind Roxanne. They were worried to see the state that Estella was in as well.
“| have a meeting later on. So, I’ll have to get going.” Lucian said in a low voice, “I'll be leaving Essie to you now. | will come and pick her up in the evening.”
Roxanne nodded in response.
However, when they met each other’s gaze, she seemed to notice that there was something odd about Lucian’s demeanor. 
###Chapter 752
Chapter 752
Chapter 752 This Cannot Go On
In truth, Lucian was stifling a hint of a laugh as he noticed that Roxanne’s lipstick was drawn out of line. It seems like she was still in a daze when she was doing her makeup. She doesn’t have a clue that her lipstick is out of line.
He felt the urge to tease the woman when he saw the blank expression on her face. Lucian let his mischievous side get the better of him and reached out his hand.
Upon noticing that Lucian’s hand was mere inches away from her face, Roxanne flinched and hurriedly took a step back to keep some distance between them.
His hand was left hanging mid-air, and he titled a brow in displeasure. “Do you have anything else, Mr. Farwell?” Roxanne asked warily.
Aghost of a smile fleeted across his eyes as he noticed Roxanne getting all flustered. “Your lipstick is out of line,” he said impassively.
Roxanne’s face was tinged pink as she instinctively lowered her head to avoid meeting Lucian’s gaze. “Thank you for reminding me, Mr. Farwell. I'll deal with it myself.”
Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen Then, she inclined her head at him as a sign of goodbye before turning around to head inside the house with the kids.
As he watched the four of them go back inside the house, Lucian could not help but replay the way Roxanne blushed when he tried to touch her. Pleased with her response, he grinned.
It was almost time for his meeting after he dropped Estella off. Hence, Lucian turned around and headed for the office. In the meantime, opposite the mansion, Aubree was sitting in a taxi parked by the roadside with a dark look on her face. She had just witnessed Lucian’s interaction with that wretched woman.
He’s always cold and indifferent toward me, but he’s like a whole different person when he’s in front of that b*tch!
When she saw that Lucian’s hand was about to touch Roxanne’s lips, Aubree almost could not restrain her urge to storm over and push her away from Lucian.
“Miss, do you still want to follow the car?”
As Lucian’s car started to drive away, the driver did not know whether he should continue tailing him.
Aubree snapped out of her daze and glared at Roxanne’s door. “No. Just send me back,” she said in a cold voice. Then, the driver headed back to the Farwell residence via the same route.
When Aubree arrived home, Catalina was surprised to see her return so soon.
Aubree then recalled the way Catalina tried to defend Estella the night before. Frustrated, she shot a daggered look at Catalina.
Catalina could sense Aubree’s hostility. Though bewildered, she said nothing and retreated to the side as she watched Aubree head upstairs.
As Aubree ascended the stairs, her mind was filled with the infuriating images of Lucian being gentle toward Roxanne.
And that little b*tch! She acts so meekly in front of me, and yet she throws herself at that d*mned woman the first chance she gets! If not for her, Lucian would not have gone to see that wretched woman so early in the morning! It’s all that little b*tch’s fault.
Aubree’s face contorted with a deranged look.
She thought that a little threat would make Estella behave and listen to her. However, she did not expect Estella to grow so brazen with Roxanne backing her up, even to the extent of ignoring her completely.
I can’t let this go on... | have to teach that little b*tch a lesson so that she knows whose side she should take!
With that thought in mind, Aubree turned her attention to Estella’s room with a grim look in her eyes. 
###Chapter 753
Chapter 753
Chapter 753 Acquisition By The Damaris Family Meanwhile, after Lucian left Roxanne’s house, he went straight to the office just in time for the scheduled meeting.
After the meeting was over, Lucian had just come out of the conference room when he saw Cayden approaching him from a distance. The latter seemed somewhat perturbed upon seeing Lucian. “Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian’s brows furrowed slightly. “What's the matter?” Still wearing a troubled facial expression, Cayden stated, “There’s something wrong with the project we have with Queen Group.”
Lucian’s expression darkened as he strode back to his office, and Cayden silently followed behind him into the office before closing the door behind him.
“What's the problem?” Lucian inquired in a deep voice. Previously, their collaboration with Queen Group had been progressing smoothly.
Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
Cayden answered, “The people from the pharmaceutical company in the northwest change their minds at the last minute. They don’t plan to accept the acquisition’s conditions we offered.”
Lucian’s frown deepened the moment he heard the news.
The acquisition of that pharmaceutical company was a crucial part of the project. In order to make it a success, Farwell Group and Queen Group put a lot of effort into it. They even made multiple concessions on the purchase price. After several negotiations, both sides reached an agreement, and the only thing that was left to do was sign the contract.
However, the people from the pharmaceutical company went back on their word abruptly. “Why? Did the other party state their reason?” Lucian probed, frowning.
The look of perturbation on Cayden’s face became more obvious. “It’s because of... the Damaris family. The Damaris family’s newly established research institute has been in contact with the pharmaceutical company lately. | don’t know what kind of conditions they have been offered.”
The Damaris family... Upon hearing the mention of the Damaris family, Lucian couldn't help but think of Jack.
The previous scandal Roxanne had has not been entirely clarified. Only the part concerning her medical skills was clarified. Nevertheless, none of the parties has ever given the public a reasonable explanation regarding her relationship with Jack. And now, the Damaris family is interrupting my project.
As the thought flashed across Lucian’s mind, his face turned grim, and the atmosphere around him became thick with tension. “Mr. Farwell, should we continue to increase the purchase price?” Cayden asked tentatively.
Only then did Lucian snap out of it and start to ponder the question. He then shook his head and walked to the window. “No, let’s wait and see what happens first. Find out what conditions the Damaris family has offered to that company.”
If we keep blindly compromising, it will only cause that company to ask for more.
Cayden nodded in acknowledgment and suddenly thought of something. He said hesitantly, “I have a way to find out what the Damaris family’s conditions are, but...”
Seeing the hesitant look on his face, Lucian asked in confusion, “What is it?”
Cayden took a quick, cautious glance at Lucian before mustering the courage to speak his mind. “I remember that Ms. Jarvis is involved in the new project of the Damaris family’s company. Perhaps she might know something about the matter. We can ask her about it.”
The look in Lucian’s eyes darkened when he heard Cayden’s suggestion.
Indeed, Roxanne has joined the project established by the Damaris family’s research institute. She even has a close relationship with Jack, but that doesn’t mean that | have to make use of her, not to mention this is a business matter.
Noticing Lucian’s countenance, Cayden immediately knew what the former was going to say. Before Lucian could speak, Cayden beat him to it. “Don’t worry. | will ask around through other means.”
Lucian nodded. “Do that as soon as possible.”
Cayden respectfully agreed and turned around to walk out of the office. 
###Chapter 754
Chapter 754
Chapter 754 Promise Me First
At the same time, Roxanne was spending time with the three children in her house. Since Estella headed inside, she had been unhappy. No matter what Roxanne and the other two little ones said to her, the girl still seemed to be low-spirited.
“Essie, can you tell me what's bothering you?” Roxanne stopped playing games with the children and brought Estella over to sit on the carpet.
Trailing behind them, Archie and Benny were worried as well. After hearing their mother’s question, the little boys stared at Estella expectantly as they waited for her answer.
Estella pursed her lips and thought of Aubree, who was currently staying at her home, before looking at the beautiful Roxanne in front of her.
If Ms. Jarvis knows that Ms. Pearson lives in my house, Ms. Jarvis will definitely be upset. Daddy is still pursuing Ms. Jarvis. It'd be bad if she misunderstands...
Estella’s expression was filled with hesitation as she considered the consequences. Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
Noticing that Estella seemed to have some concerns, Roxanne frowned worriedly. “No matter what it is, you can tell me. I'll surely help you.”
Archie and Benny, who were standing aside, echoed, “Count us in as well! All of us will help you! Essie, don’t be sad.” When Estella heard their words of consolation and thought of how badly Aubree treated her in the morning, she was aggrieved.
Why did Daddy let Ms. Pearson live in the house instead of trying to get Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny to move in? | want to live with Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny.
“Essie, if you don’t say anything, we'll be worried sick.” Archie looked at Estella seriously, his tone somber. Upon hearing his words, Estella frowned and glanced at Roxanne anxiously. Cooperatively, Roxanne put on a troubled expression.
“Ms. Jarvis...” Seeing that Roxanne was concerned about her, Estella became anxious. Despite that, the girl was still worried that Roxanne might misunderstand.
Estella’s hesitation caused Roxanne to steel herself and act hurt. The latter rose to her feet and said in a disappointed tone, “Essie, since you're not willing to talk about it, | won't force you. I'll prepare lunch for you all.”
With that, she took a step forward, ready to leave.
Just as she turned around, Estella grabbed her shirt.
“Ms. Jarvis, don’t go. I'll tell you.” Estella spoke pitifully.
With her back facing Estella, Roxanne raised her brow and turned her head to the side to discreetly flash a smile at Archie and Benny.
Seeing that Roxanne’s plan had worked out, Archie and Benny were relieved. They then sat down solemnly as they waited for Estella to pour her heart out.
When Estella saw Roxanne sitting back down beside her, the girl said gingerly, “Ms. Jarvis, you have to promise me first that you won't be angry with Daddy.”
Without knowing the context, Roxanne had no idea why Estella said that. The former couldn't help but frown as she wondered why Estella was upset.
She asked me not to get angry with Lucian. That means this has something to do with that man. At the mention of Lucian, Roxanne inevitably thought of his attitude every time he spoke to Estella. “Did your daddy scold you?” What Roxanne could think of was this possibility.
Estella shook her head vigorously.
Estella’s denial only served to make Roxanne even more puzzled.
Other than this reason, why else will | be angry? Essie even specifically asked me not to get angry. Judging from her expression, it seems to be a grave matter... 
###Chapter 755
Chapter 755
Chapter 755 Do You Dislike Aubree
“So what’s going on, exactly?” questioned Benny impatiently. However, Estella simply stared at Roxanne, hoping to get a solid answer from the woman.
The look in Roxanne’s eyes softened when she met the girl’s gaze. She nodded. “Okay. | won’t get angry with Lucian.” Only after that did Estella finally reveal, “The evil woman’s staying with us.”
Archie and Benny were both stunned when they heard Estella, but as soon as they regained their senses, they realized who the girl was talking about.
On the other hand, Roxanne’s face was filled with puzzlement as she wondered who the person in question was.
“It's Aubree!” Benny was furious when he remembered how the woman bullied his mother. As much as he wanted to, he could not figure out why his father would take Aubree in.
Roxanne’s eyebrows furrowed slightly when she got the answer to her question. Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
Even though the woman promised Estella she would not get upset, she still felt uncomfortable deep down. What is Lucian thinking? Why would he take Aubree in after telling me he wanted to pursue me? He even said that he’d give me an explanation. Besides, he knows how Aubree got physical with Essie. How can Essie feel safe with Aubree around when it’s clear she has an aversion to that woman?
The symptoms of Estella’s autism had just improved, so Roxanne was worried Aubree’s presence would undo that. Moreover, nobody could guarantee that Aubree would not take the opportunity to hurt Estella again.
The thought of Aubree bullying the little girl again left Roxanne heartbroken.
“Ms. Jarvis,” called out Estella while cautiously tugging at Roxanne’s sleeve.
After returning to her senses, Roxanne turned to the girl. “What is it?”
“Are you mad?” Estella knitted her eyebrows in concern. “You promised that you wouldn’t be angry with Daddy.”
Roxanne’s heart clenched inexorably when Estella insisted on defending her father. “I’m not. | made you a promise, and | intend to keep it.”
Only then did Estella smile. Obviously, she was relieved to hear that Roxanne wouldn’t break the promise.
“Are you unhappy because Ms. Pearson's staying with you?” Roxanne gazed tenderly at Estella.
The girl decided there was no need to hide anything from Roxanne since she was convinced that the latter was not upset with her father. “The evil woman was bad to me, so | don’t like her.”
After that, Estella stared at Roxanne with her pair of puppy-dog eyes. “Can you stay with us, Ms. Jarvis? Archie and Benny too!” The boys immediately got excited after hearing Estella’s request. “Mommy!”
They wanted to stay with Estella so they could protect her if Aubree ever decided to bully the girl again.
Looking at Archie and Benny, Roxanne wanted to say yes but knew her circumstance would not allow so.
“I'm sorry.” Roxanne then wrapped her arms tightly and apologetically around Estella before inquiring gently, “Essie, do you dislike Ms. Pearson?”
In response, Estella nodded fervently. Ms. Pearson’s always angry with me. She even hit me; she’s just pretending to be nice in front of Daddy.
Roxanne was filled with helplessness when she noticed how downcast the girl was. “The boys and | may not be able to stay with you, but | can talk to your father. Don’t worry, okay?”
Estella was obviously disappointed after listening to Roxanne, but she nodded passively in response anyway. 
###Chapter 756
Chapter 756
Chapter 756 Keep The Woman Away
Lucian hurried to Roxanne’s house to pick up Estella after work that evening. On his way there, Cayden’s words reverberated in Lucian’s mind. Thanks to Cayden, Lucian was reminded that Roxanne had not explained her relationship with Jack yet.
Even after he had arrived at Roxanne’s house, Lucian still could not stop thinking about the matter. Thus, displeasure filled his heart. Roxanne was greeted by the man’s cold visage as soon as she opened the door, which got her frozen in place like a statue.
| haven't even given him a piece of my mind about Estella’s matter! What's with his attitude? He actually has the audacity to show me that gloomy face?
“What's wrong? Is something up at work?” questioned Roxanne, trying to be patient. However, Lucian simply looked past the woman with a deadpan expression before asking, “Where's Essie? I’m here to take her home.”
Roxanne furrowed her eyebrows slightly when she sensed the gloomy aura around Lucian. The three children hurried over the second they heard someone at the door.
“It's time to go home, Essie.” Lucian held out his hand as he looked at the girl. Estella could sense that Lucian was in a bad mood, so she shook her head in response after hiding behind Roxanne.
Because of that, the man frowned and shifted his attention back to Roxanne, who patted Estella on the head before turning to her boys. “Why don’t you guys play with Essie for a while? Mommy has something to discuss with Mr. Farwell.”
Archie and Benny both immediately knew that Roxanne had to talk with Lucian about Aubree, so they nodded cooperatively and took Estella to the living room.
Lucian was baffled since he had no idea what Roxanne wanted to talk about.
If anything, the man wanted to hear what Roxanne had to say about what happened a few days ago, especially the matter between Jack and her.
“Essie said that Ms. Pearson’s just moved into your house,” voiced Roxanne, trying her best to ignore Lucian’s tense aura.
The man’s eyes quickly turned dull when he realized that Roxanne wanted to talk about Aubree. After nodding slightly, Lucian responded, “She’s staying with us because of the old injury on her arm.”
Roxanne was hit by another wave of unease when Lucian confirmed what Estella said to be true. However, the woman did not show it. “You didn’t forget how Ms. Pearson got physical with Essie last time, did you, Mr. Farwell? I’m sure it’s quite obvious how Essie feels about Ms. Pearson staying with you.”
Lucian did not appreciate Roxanne doubting his decision, so he knitted his eyebrows tightly. “I know how to handle it.”
“Letting Ms. Pearson stay with you is the reason Essie is down.” Roxanne’s tone turned cold because the man’s action had infuriated her. “I don’t think you want to see Essie revert to her old self. Where Ms. Pearson stays has nothing to do with me; | just hope she stays away from Essie.”
Then, Roxanne suddenly fell silent for a few seconds as if she had remembered something. “At least give Essie some time to accept Ms. Pearson before letting the woman get close to her,” added Roxanne, who almost forgot that Aubree was still Lucian’s fiancée and Estella’s future stepmother to the public.
If Lucian decided to marry Aubree, it would be impossible for Estella to avoid the woman forever.
The aura surrounding Lucian instantly reached a freezing point when he heard Roxanne, for he knew exactly what the woman’s brief pause and the words that followed meant. She still doesn’t have faith in what | promised her! 
###Chapter 757
Chapter 757
Chapter 757 Please Stop The Guessing Game
Roxanne had more to say, but Lucian interrupted her coldly before she could continue. “That has nothing to do with you, so don’t concern yourself with it. | know what to do.”
Sensing the annoyance in the man’s tone, Roxanne was stunned once again. “Maybe you've misunderstood me, but I’m only worried about Essie’s condition. Your relationship with others has nothing to do with me.”
The woman thought Lucian got upset because he disliked her getting between Aubree and him. With that thought in mind, Roxanne could not help but scoff inwardly at herself.
The anger Lucian had bottled up on his way there finally exploded after he listened to Roxanne dissociating herself from him repeatedly. “Of course, my business has nothing to do with you. After all, you probably only care about matters concerning Mr. Damaris!”
“What's that supposed to mean?” Roxanne was baffled when Lucian suddenly replaced Aubree with her in the crosshair. She never expected Lucian to hold on to the matter because she thought the man would understand.
“You're happy working for the Damaris family's research institute, aren’t you? | know how much you wanted to be a part of the project. Would you have worked that hard if their medical skills were the only reason you wanted to join them?” scoffed Lucian, whose eyes seemed as though they were sharp enough to see through anything.
Roxanne furrowed her eyebrows even tighter in response, for she had no idea what the man’s words meant. “Besides their medical skills, what do they have that’s worth so much of my effort?”
Having been in seclusion from the world for so many years, the Damaris family was only known for their medical skills. In fact, Roxanne did not even know of Jack’s existence before the medical consultation.
However, it was clear Lucian was implying that Jack was the only reason Roxanne worked so hard, which not only gave the woman a headache but also upset her.
Lucian’s suspicion obviously meant that he doubted the respect Roxanne had for medical skills.
The man was even surer that he was right when he saw how infuriated Roxanne was, so he voiced indifferently, “Your relationship with Mr. Damaris is plain to see, Ms. Jarvis. I'm sure there’s no need to paint the whole picture.”
With that, Lucian looked toward the living room, intending to take Estella home. Still, Roxanne insisted on explaining herself because even though she did not plan to accept Lucian, she refused to let him accuse her with that supposed reason. “Mr. Damaris and | are just friends. The few times we've met in public were for work. Mr.
Damaris and Larry are both great doctors, so please stop the guessing game! | won't cut off ties with them just because of your suspicion!”
Roxanne would have to work with Jack as long as the project remained. As for Larry, the woman had been friends with him for many years.
She would never cut off ties with the two men just because Lucian got jealous. However, it was undeniable that Lucian’s suspicion had caused her some inconvenience.
Lucian only heard the last part of her explanation about how she would not sever ties with the two men because of him. The man then frowned in silence for a moment as the aura surrounding him suddenly dropped to a freezing point.
Despite that, Roxanne stood her ground and stared the man in the eye, showing no sign of retreat. 
###Chapter 758
Chapter 758
Chapter 758 Impasse
Noticing that the two did not enter the room even after some time, the three children couldn't resist coming outside to check. As soon as they reached the door, they felt the tension between the two adults.
“Mommy?” Benny tugged at Roxanne’s clothes cautiously and asked with concern, “Did you get into a fight with Mr. Farwell?”
His voice brought Roxanne back to her senses. She composed herself and gave him a faint smile. “No. We just have a disagreement on some things.”
After saying that, she threw Lucian a look in hopes that he would keep his composure in front of the children. Fortunately, Lucian cared about the kids enough to soften his expression.
He looked down at Estella and said, “Essie, it’s late. It’s time to go home.” Sensing the chilling aura around her father, Estella pouted and shook her head. “No.”
Lucian knitted his brows. Before he could say anything, Estella announced, “I want to be with Ms. Jarvis! | don’t want to go home!” She had already made up her mind while she was playing with Archie and Benny earlier.
Since Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny can’t stay in our house, | can stay here with them instead! | don’t want to go home and see scary Ms. Pearson. Plus, Daddy looks scary now too. That means he won't spend much time with me when we’re home.
Estella’s resistance to going home intensified further when she realized that. Upon hearing Estella’s words, Lucian raised his head and looked at the woman before him. The anger in him had yet to dissipate.
Although he knew that Roxanne was the biological mother of his daughter, she had never expressed the intention to return to his house. However, it was clear that Estella liked Roxanne very much. If Roxanne finds out the truth in the future, will she think that I'm being too cruel to Essie?
Roxanne felt somehow puzzled when she felt Lucian’s gaze on her. Nevertheless, she didn’t dare to think too deeply nor ask him about it. Lowering her eyes, she caressed Estella’s head. “Essie, be good. It’s getting late already. Hurry and go home with your daddy.”
In truth, she also wanted Estella to stay, but Lucian clearly had no intention to let the girl do so. She was in no position to make that request either.
When Estella heard Roxanne urging her to go home, she looked up at the latter dejectedly. Roxanne felt her heart ache at Estella’s pitiful face. She glanced at Lucian, only to see his unchanging cold expression.
Because of that, she found it even more difficult to speak up and ask him to let Estella stay.
Estella turned to Roxanne and then to Lucian. In her frustration, she stomped her feet, ran back to the living room, and sat on the floor behind the couch. She seemed determined to stay there unless Lucian forcefully dragged her away.
Looking at Estella’s grumpy figure, Roxanne felt at a loss. She looked at Lucian again, this time with a gentler countenance. Since Lucian was still angry, there was no way he would allow Estella to hang out with her. He simply remained rooted to his spot.
With that, the father and daughter reached an impasse. Roxanne sighed inwardly and decided to approach Estella and comfort her first. Since she couldn’t persuade the adult, who was currently mad at her, she could only make an effort on the little one. 
###Chapter 759
Chapter 759
Chapter 759 Argument
“Mommy.” Right when Roxanne turned around, Archie tugged at the hem of her shirt. Roxanne lowered her eyes in confusion. Archie glanced at Benny before saying earnestly, “Benny and | will talk to Essie. She’s upset now, so she probably won't listen to you.
It was then that Roxanne realized she was one of the reasons Estella was upset. Since the boys had offered, Roxanne immediately agreed, “I'll leave it to you boys, then.”
Archie and Benny nodded obediently, then ran to Estella’s side before looking at the two adults mysteriously. The next second, they disappeared behind the couch.
Roxanne was perplexed about how serious they looked, but she did not disturb them. Instead, she stood in the same spot helplessly and faced Lucian’s look of condemnation.
She had no idea what she had done to make him look at her that way. In the living room, the three children gathered together and whispered among themselves.
“| don’t want to go home.” Estella knew that the two boys were there to persuade her to leave, so she spoke first. Archie and Benny shared a look. Then, Archie said solemnly, “You have to go home with Mr. Farwell.”
Estella was disheartened to hear that. “Do you also not like me anymore? | don’t want to go home. Ms. Pearson is there.” Archie’s and Benny’s hearts softened when they saw how sad Estella looked. However, they had to look at the big picture.
Benny caressed Estella’s hair and told her, “We like you a lot; that’s why we want to be family with you.”
Estella looked at them in puzzlement. She didn’t know what Benny meant by that. “I think Mr. Farwell and Mommy had an argument, but | don’t know why,” Archie remarked, looking at Estella intently.
Estella nodded. She had also noticed that Lucian and Roxanne seemed to have fought, which was why she didn’t want to go home with him.
Archie continued, “You should go home with Mr. Farwell and try to get him to tell you something, while Benny and | will ask our mommy.” At that moment, realization dawned upon Estella.
If | want Ms. Jarvis to become my mommy, | can’t let them continue this silent treatment toward each other. We have to help them reconcile! With that thought in mind, Estella nodded heavily. “I get it now!” Archie and Benny nodded and each held out a hand to her.
“Then let’s go.”
Estella grabbed hold of their hands and stood up. Upon returning to the door, she shyly pulled at Lucian’s shirt to let him know that she wanted to go home with him.
Seeing how quickly Estella changed her mind, Roxanne looked at her sons in surprise. What did they tell Essie?
Archie and Benny remained nonchalant. They even waved at Estella. “Bye, Essie!” Roxanne turned to Estella, feeling astonished. The latter waved back at the two boys before looking up and waving at her.
It seemed that the girl was no longer upset. Roxanne nodded at her with a smile, but she couldn't help sighing inwardly. Even the kids can communicate better than us adults. 
###Chapter 760
Chapter 760
Chapter 760 No Right To Be Mad
After seeing Lucian and Estella off, Roxanne returned inside the mansion with Archie and Benny and started preparing for dinner. “Mommy.” The two boys followed her into the kitchen. Roxanne stopped what she was doing and asked, “What is it?”
“Why did you fight with Mr. Farwell?” Archie and Benny looked at her intently. Their question caught her off guard. “I didn’t—”
She was about to deny the fact that they fought, but she was interrupted by her kids. “We saw everything. You can’t lie to children!” Roxanne was at a loss for words. What’s going on with them today?
She had had countless disagreements with Lucian, and Archie and Benny had always been on her side without asking her what had happened. “Did Mr. Farwell make you upset?”
Roxanne began to ponder who was at fault in her conflict with Lucian, but she couldn't figure it out even after some time.
In the end, she could only shake her head and explain evasively, “No. | was just talking to Mr. Farwell about Essie, and | started to sound impatient as we spoke.”
Suspicion was written all over Archie’s and Benny’s faces. Roxanne stroked their heads and said, “All right, that’s enough. Don’t worry about the adults. You boys head on out now. | have to prepare dinner.”
“Archie and | are better than adults in some aspects!” Benny argued. Roxanne knew what they meant. They could help her with her problems, but it wasn’t appropriate to let them know about her relationship issues.
She pushed them out of the kitchen and said, “I know you two are the best, but you should refrain from causing trouble in the kitchen!”
Without giving them any chance to retort, she walked back into the kitchen. Archie and Benny were crestfallen as they looked at her back.
It seemed that they had failed in their mission, and they could only hope that Estella could extract some useful information from Lucian.
As Lucian drove back to the Farwell residence with deeply furrowed brows, he noticed through the rearview mirror that Estella had been staring at him in the backseat. “What is it?” he asked. Estella tilted her head and asked in a piping voice, “Daddy, did you fight with Ms. Jarvis earlier?”
A dark look fleeted across Lucian’s eyes. “Why did you fight with Ms. Jarvis?” Estella continued to question. “What if Ms. Jarvis starts ignoring us because she’s mad?”
Lucian grimaced helplessly when he noticed Estella putting the blame on him. “I’m very mad, too.” Estella widened her eyes and stared at him fiercely. “Daddy, you shouldn’t be mad!”
Lucian was already feeling frustrated because of Roxanne in the first place. When he heard Estella, he almost laughed in exasperation. Not only is Essie on Roxanne’s side, she even thinks | have no right to be mad.
Estella seemed righteously indignant about what Lucian did to Roxanne. Since Daddy wants to court Ms. Jarvis, he can’t be mad at her, much less make her angry! 
###Chapter 761
Chapter 761
Chapter 761 Worsen Her Condition
“Why shouldn’t I?” Lucian asked after a moment of silence.
“Because you're courting Ms. Jarvis! So you have to make her happy!” Estella replied matter-of-factly. Lucian furrowed his brows at her answer, and his gaze darkened.
Even Essie knows that. How could | have forgotten about it?
At the thought of Roxanne’s angry face, Lucian chuckled to himself self-deprecatingly.
No wonder there is no progress between us even though I’ve been pursuing her for so long.
Coming back to his senses, he apologized to Estella, “Sorry, | was wrong.”
Estella hummed in satisfaction. Then, she crossed her arms and demanded, “What did you do wrong, Daddy?”
Lucian glimpsed at her again through the rearview mirror and answered, “I shouldn’t have made Ms. Jarvis angry. | was too reckless.”
Estella was contented to hear her father admit his fault. She nodded before probing, “Why did you argue with Ms. Jarvis?” Upon hearing that, Lucian shook his head in amusement.
This little brat! | already admitted to my mistake, yet she still wants to get to the bottom of the matter! Well, since she asked, | don’t mind telling her. | will need lots of help from her in the future, after all.
With that thought in mind, Lucian confessed, “There is some misunderstanding between us. I’m sure you've seen all the things I've been doing for Ms. Jarvis recently, but she just won’t accept me. So | felt anxious and wanted an explanation from her.” All right, that’s all | will tell her. There’s no need to tell her about my rival. A child doesn’t need to know so much.
Estella got a bit worked up when she heard Lucian’s words, but she remained on Roxanne’s side. “You can ask me for help if you're anxious. Don’t ever get mad at Ms. Jarvis again!”
Lucian nodded. “Okay.”
Estella continued to stare at him, seemingly unsatisfied with his answer.
Right when Lucian looked up, he met her glare in the mirror. Pursing his lips helplessly, he promised, “I promise not to get mad at Ms. Jarvis anymore. I'll talk to her properly no matter what happens. If all things fail, I'll ask for your help.”
Estella nodded in approval, and it was only then that a smile returned to her face.
However, her smile faded again as they got nearer to the Farwell residence.
She couldn't help feeling scared when she remembered Aubree’s presence there.
“Daddy, how much longer will she be staying at our house?” Estella inquired carefully.
Lucian naturally knew who she was referring to.
When he thought of the woman in his house, he felt troubled.
While he was talking to Roxanne earlier, the only thing on his mind was her relationship with Jack.
Now that he thought about it, Roxanne was right.
With Estella’s aversion to Aubree, the former’s condition would likely worsen if he continued to let Aubree stay.
However, with Sonya meddling in their matters, he would need to find an appropriate reason to make Aubree leave.
In the end, Lucian could only give Estella a vague answer. “If you don’t like her, I'll make her leave as soon as possible.” Estella bobbed her head in response, albeit reluctantly. 
###Chapter 762
Chapter 762
Chapter 762 Sudden Change
Meanwhile, at the Farwell residence, Aubree tiptoed out of Estella’s room while on her phone.
“Don't worry. I’ve used this drug on someone before. It takes effect once the person takes it,” Frieda claimed proudly on the other end of the line.
Aubree curled her lips coldly upon hearing that. “That's good to hear. I’m definitely going to teach her a lesson this time!”
Only then did Frieda realize she had forgotten to ask about something. “Aubree, who are you going to use it on?”
Feeling impatient, Aubree knitted her brows and uttered indifferently, “That’s none of your business. Anyway, I’m hanging up. Lucian is back.”
With that, she hung up, leaving Frieda staring at her phone screen in bewilderment.
Aubree entered the bathroom and thoroughly washed her hands twice. Through the window, she saw Lucian’s car roll into the courtyard. She quickly schooled her expression and went downstairs with a smile.
Catalina was preparing dinner downstairs. At the sight of Aubree, she greeted her politely, “Ms. Pearson.”
“Let me help you,” Aubree offered with a pretentious smile.
Catalina had wanted to decline, but Aubree had already reached out and taken away the plate from her hand.
Catalina watched Aubree bustle about, her eyes filled with doubt.
Aubree had often stayed at the Farwell residence over the past few years, but she had never acted so helpful and attentive.
Yet, she had been going in and out of the house all day that day.
After leaving with Lucian in the morning, she returned shortly before going out again when it was almost lunch. Upon returning, she stayed upstairs and only showed herself at this time.
What is she up to? Or has she finally matured after the conflict with her family?
Suddenly, Catalina snapped out of it and shook her head hard.
How is that possible? Considering the environment she grew up in, how could she possibly change drastically in one night?
Just as Catalina was lost in her thoughts, the door to the mansion opened.
Before Catalina could acknowledge Lucian, Aubree walked past her and headed straight to the door.
“Lucian, Essie, you’re back.” Aubree had a bright smile plastered on her face, but her thoughts were the total opposite.
| hope Essie never comes back! | don’t even need to guess to know that Lucian went to Roxanne’s house again to fetch this brat. If it weren’t for her, Lucian wouldn’t have had so much time to spend with that wretched woman. And this brat won't even listen to me!
Lucian nodded at Aubree coldly, loosening his tie with one hand while holding Estella’s hand with his other.
He knew how much Estella disliked Aubree, so he could only give the girl a sense of security this way.
When he saw the way Estella looked in front of Aubree, he regretted giving in to Sonya’s request.
“Essie, are you hungry?” Aubree crouched down and looked into Estella’s eyes, pretending to be gentle. “Come, let's wash our hands and have dinner, okay?”
Estella shook her head immediately. She grasped Lucian’s hand and hid behind him.
Sensing her fear, Lucian frowned and looked at Aubree frostily. “There’s no need for that. I'll take care of her. Just mind your own business.”
Having said that, he looked away from Aubree and walked past her while holding Estella’s hand.
For an instant, a dark look fleeted across Aubree’s face. 
###Chapter 763
Chapter 763
Chapter 763 That Girl Will Regret It
After Lucian brought Estella to wash her hands, they came out and sat at the dining table.
They sat at the same side of the table, leaving Aubree alone on the opposite side. It was clear as day that they were giving her the cold shoulder.
Feeling their aversion toward herself, Aubree dug her nails into her palm quietly to suppress her boiling rage. “Essie, did you have fun with your daddy today?” she asked with a nonchalant smile.
Let’s see if the father-daughter duo is going to tell me the truth!
Naturally, Estella turned a deaf ear to her question, and Lucian merely glanced at her meaningfully, looking as if he had seen through something.
Aubree shuddered involuntarily and steeled herself to carry on with the one-sided conversation. “I figure Essie probably had nothing to play with when she was staying at the office with you. You're always busy with work, so I’m worried she might be bored.”
After saying that, she turned to Estella and continued with a smile tugging at her lips, “Let’s play together later, okay? | bought a lot of games for you today.”
Estella pursed her lips and shook her head.
If | hadn’t known the way Estella behaves in front of Roxanne, | would have thought that this girl is a mute. But it turns out that Little Mute has a silver tongue in front of that b*tch, Roxanne!
Waves of exasperation washed over Aubree, but the smile on her lips grew even more genuine as she went on, “What do you want to play, then, Essie? | can play with you.”
Estella lost her appetite after hearing what Aubree said. She put down the fork in her hand and gazed pleadingly at her father, silently asking for his approval.
Lucian knew that Estella wanted to go upstairs to escape Aubree’s ingratiation, but he furrowed his brows and did not agree to her request.
Essie has always been sickly. | won't let her go without eating.
Estella seemed somewhat upset to see her father reject her.
Lucian turned his head and glanced at Aubree with a hint of warning in his eyes. “If you have time to play games with Essie, you should call home more frequently so that Mr. Pearson will stop being mad at you.”
Aubree met his gaze, then bit her lower lip and argued her case in a pitiful state. “I just want to make up to Essie. | didn’t have much time to spend with her in the past, and | don’t know much about her as well. | hope | can use this opportunity to let Essie and | get to know each other more.”
Still, Lucian remained unmoved, and his tone became even frostier as he replied, “There is no need for that. You may not have the chance to get along with Essie again in the future, so you don’t have to know her well, and she doesn’t need to know you as well.”
He made it clear with those words that she would not have the chance to become Estella’s mother.
Although Aubree had long learned of his stance on the matter, when she heard him say that again, she still felt a stab in her heart. At the same time, her resentment for Roxanne and Estella grew even more.
For a long while, Aubree found herself at a loss for words.
Taking advantage of the tense atmosphere, Estella quickly finished her meal. This time, she put down the fork, jumped out of the chair, and dashed toward the stairs without asking for her father’s permission.
An insidious glint flashed across Aubree’s eyes as she watched Estella climb up the stairs.
Lucian didn’t think much about it. Without saying another word to Aubree, he rose to his feet as well and followed Estella up the stairs.
When he saw that Estella had gone into her room, he turned to the study.
The father-daughter duo acted as though the woman downstairs were not there at all.
Aubree had a cold look in her eyes as she watched them leave.
That little girl will regret it later! 
###Chapter 764
Chapter 764
Chapter 764 Have A Nice Chat
In the room, Estella felt upset when she thought of Aubree’s expression the moment she walked through the door just now.
| really don’t want to stay with Ms. Pearson, but Daddy won't tell me when he will chase her away.
After dwelling on that for quite some time, Estella couldn't hold it back anymore and called Roxanne.
Thankfully, Roxanne answered the call rather quickly.
“Essie, what's the matter?” When Roxanne saw that it was a call from Estella, she couldn’t help but feel her heart clench. She was afraid that Aubree had bullied her again.
Hearing Roxanne’s voice, Estella felt even more aggrieved. She mumbled sadly, “Ms. Jarvis, can you pick me up from my house?”
Roxanne frowned, her eyes filled with concern. “Why? Did Ms. Pearson get mad at you?”
Estella shook her head. “Daddy is here. She wouldn't dare.”
Only then did Roxanne feel at ease. “Why did you ask me to fetch you, then?” she asked caringly.
It had not been long since Lucian brought Estella back. She thought Estella had been wronged now that she had called all of a sudden.
However, that did not seem to be the case.
Estella pouted. “I don’t like Ms. Pearson, but she keeps talking to me.”
| want to avoid Ms. Pearson.
Roxanne sighed inwardly upon hearing her response.
I've promised Essie that | will help her to talk to Lucian. But judging from his reaction just now, I’m not sure if he’d listened to my words or not... At the end of the day, I’ve still failed to help Essie. If | had known this was going to happen, | would have insisted on letting Essie stay.
After beating herself up for a while, Roxanne replied to Estella in a gentle tone, “Essie, | can’t bring you over now. If you really don’t like Ms. Pearson, just stay in your room and try not to be with her when you're alone, okay?”
She was worried that Estella would be mistreated if she was alone with Aubree.
Luckily, Estella had learned her lesson. Upon hearing Roxanne’s words, she agreed obediently, “Okay.”
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and continued to comfort Estella. “Your daddy probably won’t let Ms. Pearson stay for long. Don’t worry, Essie.”
At the mention of that, Estella recalled the answer her father had given to her just now and puckered her lips in disbelief. Seeing that Estella didn’t reply to her, Roxanne knew that Estella didn’t quite believe it, but she couldn’t do anything about it. She could only divert Estella’s attention.
“Archie and Benny said that you all have learned to make paper roses in kindergarten. Can you make one for me?” Roxanne asked gently.
Hearing that Roxanne wanted a gift, Estella agreed right away, “No problem!”
| will not just make one paper rose for her. I’m going to make a bouquet of paper roses for her!
Roxanne chuckled lightly, but she still seemed to be worried.
Just when she didn’t know what else to say, Archie and Benny came downstairs and stared at her expectantly. “Mommy, are you on the phone with Essie?”
Roxanne nodded in response.
Archie and Benny immediately jumped for joy and wanted to take her phone. “We want to talk to Essie too!”
They wanted to ask Estella if she had found anything on her side.
Not thinking much about it, Roxanne told Estella about it first before passing the phone to Archie and Benny. “Have a nice chat with Essie.”
Archie and Benny bobbed their heads obediently and ran to the side with the phone in their hands. 
###Chapter 765
Chapter 765
Chapter 765 Something Was Moved
Archie and Benny ran to a corner. They glanced furtively over their shoulders at Roxanne, making sure she was out of earshot before asking in a whisper, “Well? What did Mr. Farwell say?”
Upon hearing their question, Estella recalled her conversation with Lucian during their journey and answered, “Daddy said it was his fault, and he won’t do it again.”
The two boys heaved a sigh of relief when they heard that. Then they remarked chidingly, “Hmph! Mr. Farwell is the one who wants to pursue Mommy, yet he made her angry.”
If it weren’t because he has appeared sincere up until now, we wouldn't bother helping him.
Despite Lucian being the one in the wrong, Estella could not help feeling guilty. She said softly, “Daddy already knows he made a mistake, so don’t stop helping him...”
She sounded so pitiful that Archie and Benny also softened their tones as they replied, “Don’t worry. We'll help him.”
Then, they could not resist asking curiously, “By the way, did you call Mommy at such a late hour just to tell us this?”
There was a brief silence on the other end of the line, and the boys started getting worried.
After a while, Estella finally spoke again. “I want to be with the two of you and Ms. Jarvis. | don’t want Ms. Pearson...”
Regret washed over Archie and Benny when they heard how upset Estella was. They said apologetically, “We're sorry. If we’d known, we would've said something to Mr. Farwell so that you could stay.”
Estella shook her head. “I don’t blame you. It’s all Ms. Pearson’s fault.”
“That evil woman... If she dares to bully you, you must let us know. We'll get back at her for you,” the boys replied indignantly. Their response made Estella press her lips together in a shy smile. She sounded much more relaxed as she murmured, “Thank you, Archie. Thank you, Benny.”
The children chatted for a while before reluctantly ending the call.
After hanging up, Estelle remembered what Roxanne had said earlier. She took some kraft paper and started making paper roses for her.
Just imagining the look on Roxanne’s face when she received the flowers filled Estella’s heart with anticipation.
Seeing that it was getting late, Catalina went upstairs to give Estella a bath.
She had to knock some time before getting a response.
As Estella stood in the doorway, Catalina gazed at her and asked curiously, “What were you busy with, Ms. Estella?”
Estella’s eyes crinkled as she pointed at the paper roses on the table.
Catalina looked toward where Estella was pointing, then patted her head. “You’ve done a good job. They look beautifull” Hearing Catalina’s praise only made Estella even more eager to see Roxanne’s expression when she received the flowers. Her smile widened.
Catalina had not seen Estella smile since Aubree moved in, let alone smile so brightly.
Her heart could not help but melt when she saw how happy Estella looked. “It’s getting late. Let’s get you cleaned up and tucked into bed. You can pick up where you left off tomorrow, okay?”
Estella nodded obediently, and Cataline led her into the bathroom.
Inside the bathroom, Catalina sensed something amiss as she helped Estella undress.
| could be imagining it, but it seems as though something in this bathroom has been moved. The only people who come into this bathroom are Mr. Farwell and me. Oh, and Estella, too. Maybe one of them moved something.
Catalina put it out of her mind and gave Estella her bath as usual. Then, she waited until Estella fell asleep before getting up and leaving. 
###Chapter 766
Chapter 766
Chapter 766 The Only Person | Can Think Of
Late that night, Lucian came out of the study after finishing his work. All the lights on the first floor had been turned off, and only the lights along the second-floor corridor were still on.
While walking past the door to Estella’s room, he vaguely heard some movement inside the room, and his heart sank.
Recalling the aversion Estella had shown toward Aubree, he was worried Estella was secretly crying in her room because she was upset he did not tell Aubree to leave.
Thinking of that, Lucian quietly opened the door to Estella’s room, padded over to her bedside, and peeped at her.
Under the glow of the lights in the corridor, he saw that she seemed asleep. However, it did not look like she was getting a good night's rest as she kept tossing and turning. She was also scratching at her body to the point that her pajamas had ridden up.
Lucian’s brows drew together sharply as he took in the scene before him.
| thought at first that she must be having a bad dream, but why is it that she seems to be behaving strangely? Also, she can’t seem to stop scratching herself.
Frowning, he grabbed Estella’s wrists to try and stop her from scratching.
To his surprise, she struggled to break free in her sleep and let out a cry of frustration. She even started thrashing around on the bed.
It looks like she’s itching like crazy!
After slowly letting go of her wrists, he saw that she could not refrain from scraping her nails over her skin again, and she even started using more force.
“Essie? Essie?” Lucian called her name twice in a low voice, but she did not wake up.
He waited for a while, his expression turning solemn. Then, he strode to the door and raised his hand to turn on the lights in Estella’s room, bathing the room in a bright glow.
As soon as Lucian turned back around, the red spots on Estella’s exposed skin caught his eye immediately.
The small, red spots formed patches, spreading across Estella’s arms to her neck. Since she had been scratching them, they looked especially red and inflamed.
“Essie!” Lucian could tell with just one glance that it was an allergic reaction. Fearful that her scratching would break her skin, he quickly grabbed her small hands despite her trying to squirm out of his grasp.
The itching persisted while she was still in a slumber, yet try as she might, she could not do anything to alleviate the discomfort. It was too much to bear, and she finally opened her eyes.
Estella was stunned for a few seconds when she saw Lucian standing by her bed. The next moment, she felt her entire body itching intensely. She reached out to scratch her skin, but Lucian held her hands firmly.
“No more scratching,” he said, giving her a stern look.
Estella turned to him miserably. “But it’s so itchy. It’s as though there are mosquitoes biting me.”
After saying that, she lowered her head with an innocent expression to see if there were actually any mosquitoes on her.
Realizing her intention, Lucian quickly covered a hand over her eyes. “It’s probably just allergies. Don’t look. I'll take you to see Ms. Jarvis and have her check on you.”
It's her first time going through something like this. All those red spots on her skin look terrifying, and | don’t want to scare her. Even if we go to the hospital, there may not be a reliable doctor at this hour. The only person | can think of is Roxanne. Now that | think about it, it'll also probably make Essie feel more comfortable if Roxanne is the one to treat her.
Estella’s eyes reddened. She was upset that she could not see anything and felt as though she were in absolute agony. She uttered in a tearful voice, “Daddy, I’m so uncomfortable!”
Lucian gathered Estella into his arms, then used one hand to hold her wrists and the other to take out his phone and dial Roxanne’s number. 
###Chapter 767
Chapter 767
Chapter 767 She Had Never Suffered Like That
Roxanne had just fallen into a deep sleep when she was suddenly awakened by her phone ringing. Groggily, she felt for her phone on the bedside table and answered the call. “Who's this?”
Lucian furrowed his brows slightly, then said in a deep voice, “It’s me.” Hearing his voice gave her a jolt, and her mind suddenly felt much more awake. “What's the matter?”
He looked down at the girl in his arms. Estella was sobbing while attempting to lower her head and look at herself.
Lucian tightened his arms around her, then explained everything to Roxanne. “There are suddenly a lot of red spots on Essie’s body, and they itch a lot. | just woke her up. If it's convenient for you, I'll bring her over for you to check on her.”
As soon as Roxanne learned that Estella was unwell, the last vestiges of sleepiness vanished. Getting dressed while climbing out of bed, she said, “Sure. I'll wait here for you.”
After murmuring a reply, he hung up and patted Estella’s head. “There's a good girl. We'll go and let Ms. Jarvis take a look at you, and everything will be fine,” he said in a reassuring tone.
Despite her condition, Estella nodded obediently upon hearing that she would be able to see Roxanne soon. She leaned against Lucian’s shoulder weakly and said pleadingly, “Daddy, it itches so bad.”
It worried Lucian terribly to see her so unwell. Alas, the only thing he could do was free a hand and lightly scratch at her skin through her clothes with the tips of his fingers to relieve her discomfort.
He carried her all the way downstairs. Just then, Catalina happened to come out of her room to get some water.
When the woman saw Lucian and Estella, she asked in confusion, “Mr. Farwell, where are you taking Ms. Estella in the middle of the night?”
He paused his footsteps, then turned and enquired, “Were there red spots on Essie’s body when you were helping her wash up?”
Catalina’s heart sank a little as she glanced at Estella in concern.
Her face was etched with worry when she noticed the red spots dotting Estella’s body. “She was fine during her bath. How did this happen?”
“I'm taking her to get it checked,” he responded without asking further questions. He was about to leave when Catalina quickly called out to him.
She reached for a throw from the couch and wrapped it around Estella. “Since it’s chilly outside and Ms. Estella isn’t feeling well, itll be better to wrap up.”
Lucian nodded, watching as the woman tucked the throw around Estella. After that, he proceeded to carry Estella out of the house.
Catalina sighed worriedly as she watched the pair leave, then went to pour herself some water.
I'm not sure whether it’s an illusion from seeing the red spots on Estella’s skin, but I’m starting to feel some itchiness on my body too.
Lucian carried Estella to the car and had just placed her down when she started clawing at her irritated skin again.
His expression darkened, and he said sternly, “Don’t do that, Essie.”
Estella pouted at those words, tears brimming in her eyes.
| don’t want to do so, either. It hurts and itches when | scratch at it. It's absolutely unbearable. But if | don't, it’s torturous!
Her aggrieved expression made his heart ache, and he gently stroked her head.
After all, she had been pampered since she was little and had never suffered like that.
Recalling how Roxanne usually spoke to Estella, Lucian tried his best to soften his tone and say a few words of comfort. “Everything will be fine when you see Ms. Jarvis. She'll make you feel better. If you keep doing that, it'll leave scars. That'd be an ugly sight.”
Estella finally nodded obediently at the mention of Roxanne. 
###Chapter 768
Chapter 768
Chapter 768 The Mosquitoes Keep Biting Me Meanwhile, although the light in Aubree’s room had been turned off, she had yet to go to sleep.
Aubree waited until she saw Lucian carry Estella to the car and slowly drive out of the Farwell residence before tiptoeing around her room to gather some things. Then, she opened the door and crept to Estella’s room.
Lucian had left in such a hurry that he did not even close the door to Estella’s room, which only made things easier for Aubree.
Using the glow from her phone screen to see what she was doing, she switched out a few things inside Estella’s bathroom. After scanning the room carefully and ensuring nothing appeared out of the ordinary, she left quietly.
Back in her room, the thought of the distressed look on Estella’s face filled her heart with glee. That little brat... Let’s see if she dares to go against me again!
Meanwhile, Estella’s condition did not get any better as they made their way to Roxanne’s house. She could not refrain from occasionally reaching out to rake her nails wildly over her skin.
Lucian could see what she was doing through the rearview mirror, and his brows knitted together. While they stopped at a traffic light, he took the chance to call Roxanne again.
Roxanne had already prepared her medical kit and was anxiously waiting for them to arrive. When she saw that Lucian was calling her, she answered her phone immediately.
“I'm on the way to your house, but Essie can’t stand the itchiness and keeps scratching. You should chat with her for a little while.”
Lucian was subconsciously thinking of Roxanne as Estella’s biological mother. He spoke in a way that sounded as though that was the most natural thing for Roxanne to do.
As for Roxanne, since the matter concerned Estella, she did not notice anything odd about his tone and agreed without hesitation.
Over in the rear passenger seat, Estella stared at Lucian’s phone as soon as she heard Roxanne’s voice. | want to talk to Ms. Jarvis!
Asecond later, Estella saw him toss his phone over to her.
She quickly grabbed it. Then, holding the phone in both hands, she proceeded to voice her grievances to Roxanne. “Ms. Jarvis, it's so itchy! The mosquitoes keep biting me!”
Upon hearing Estella’s miserable voice, Roxanne felt a pang shooting through her heart. “Be good and don’t scratch, okay? I'll take a look later and make you all better.”
Estella sadly mumbled a response.
To distract Estella, Roxanne started chatting to her about arts and crafts again. It seemed to work as Estella’s hands stopped moving after a while.
Lucian heaved a sigh of relief and began driving even faster.
Soon, the car slowly pulled up in front of the entrance to Roxanne’s residential area.
“We're here.” Roxanne vaguely heard Lucian’s voice over the phone. Then, the intercom in her house started ringing.
She hung up and went to the intercom to open the gates of the residential area for Lucian and Estella to come in. After that, she opened the mansion door and waited in the yard.
In the dark of the night, she watched as a car slowly drove toward her and stopped in her yard.
Lucian alighted from the car. His shirt was only a thin, ashy gray one. He turned to open the rear passenger seat door and carried Estella out of the car.
“Ms. Jarvis!” From afar, Estella stretched out her hands toward Roxanne while still in her father’s arms, wanting Roxanne to carry her.
Roxanne hurried forward to carry Estella. However, Lucian dodged away.
Roxanne was taken aback. Her thoughts flew to their rather unpleasant conversation earlier that evening, and she guessed that he was still annoyed by her relationship with Jack.
However, Lucian frowned and simply said, “We don’t know if it’s contagious. 
###Chapter 769
Chapter 769
Chapter 769 Still Need To Check Her Over
When Estella heard her father’s remark, her eyes flickered, and she retracted her hands. I’m already feeling horrible, so | don’t want Ms. Jarvis to suffer as well.
Roxanne was inevitably stunned for a few seconds, surprised that Lucian was purely concerned about her. Oh God, | misunderstood him...
Pursing her lips, she smiled and looked at Estella reassuringly. “It’s okay. Come here and let me hug you.” While saying that, she held her arms out to the little girl to carry her into the house.
She could tell that Estella was scared to death then and yearned for her embrace. Alas, her outstretched arms grasped empty air once more.
Estella wriggled into her father’s embrace, dodging Roxanne’s outstretched arms. She then shook her head at the latter. “Daddy will carry me in.”
Roxanne’s heart promptly melted, knowing that Estella was afraid she would be infected. In the end, she relented and followed them into the living room.
“Place her in my room,” she offered gently upon noticing the man faltering in his tracks.
Nodding, Lucian headed upstairs directly with Estella in his arms and went to Roxanne’s room. After stepping foot into the room, however, he hesitated because he wasn’t sure where to place her. If it's really contagious, Roxanne might be infected if | were to place Essie onto her bed.
Entering right after him, Roxanne perceived his worry. She snagged a large blanket from the side and spread it over the bed before motioning for him to place Estella down.
Only then did Lucian step forward and place Estella onto the bed. Subsequently, Roxanne stepped forward and carefully removed the blanket wrapped around Estella.
The lighting outside was rather dim earlier. That aside, Estella was wrapped up like a burrito, so she merely knew that the girl had red spots all over her body. She had no idea of the specific situation.
Estella docilely allowed her to do as she pleased. When Roxanne had removed the blanket, a glimmer of shock flittered across her eyes at the red spots blanketing Estella’s body.
Although she had expected her condition to be exceedingly severe long before Lucian arrived, she never imagined it would be that bad.
It's fortunate that he timely stopped Essie from simply scratching her body. Otherwise, her condition would be even more severe. “So? Is it serious?” Lucian asked with a frown, restraining Estella’s wrists in order to prevent her from moving around.
At his question, Roxanne turned and cast him a look. The expression on her face was somewhat solemn. “I still need to check her over.”
She could roughly tell the cause of Estella’s symptoms, but she still needed to take her pulse to be sure.
As soon as Lucian glimpsed her outstretched hand, the crease of his brows deepened. Ultimately, he admitted, “Essie’s condition is contagious.”
During the drive over, his arm had also started itching. As time passed, the feeling soon grew increasingly intense. On top of that, the affected area was seemingly expanding as well.
He hadn't had the time to check himself over yet, but he was inwardly certain that he had already been infected by Estella.
To avoid having her blame herself, he had been holding himself back and saying nothing. Nor did he exhibit any irregularity. Nonetheless, he still stopped Roxanne timely when she wanted to touch Estella.
Unexpectedly, contact between them both still ended up unavoidable.
Hearing that, both Roxanne and Estella were startled.
Snapping back to her senses, Roxanne instinctively swept her gaze over the man’s exposed skin, only to be greeted by the sight of a few inconspicuous red spots looming at his collar.
The back of his neck, where Estella touched earlier, had also turned into an expanse of red spots.
Whoa! | wonder how he managed to endure it that he didn’t give anything away all this while. 
###Chapter 770
Chapter 770
Chapter 770 | Will Not Be Infected
At the sight of Lucian’s condition, Roxanne couldn't help frowning. Conversely, Estella merely heard that her condition was contagious but didn’t see the red spots on Lucian’s body. She shrunk to the side pitifully, refusing to allow the two adults to touch her further.
Gathering her wits about her, Roxanne dipped her eyes. When she saw Estella curled up in a ball, her heart clenched painfully. “Come over here, Essie. Let me have a look at you.”
Estella shook her head, replying timidly, “No, it’s okay. I'll infect you, Ms. Jarvis.”
Her words had Roxanne’s eyes stinging. Smiling, she coaxed, “I’m not afraid. I've treated patients with similar conditions in the past and have suffered from this condition previously. Therefore, | won't be infected anymore.”
Even Lucian was momentarily stupefied to hear that, mistakenly assuming that she was speaking the truth.
Estella scrutinized Roxanne suspiciously for a long time. Only when she had ascertained that the latter didn’t seem to be lying, and she was indeed feeling so awful that she couldn’t put up with it any longer did she slowly inch over to Roxanne and stretch her hand out.
Roxanne stroked her head to comfort her before reaching out and taking her wrist to diagnose her condition. At the side, Lucian stared at the woman in front of him with a dark look in his eyes.
Her expression when she spoke earlier had me duped as well. But on second thought, she hadn't even checked Essie over. So, how could she have known whether her condition was contagious? Thus, her words earlier were only meant to console Essie.
By the time realization dawned upon him, Roxanne had already started taking Estella’s pulse. There was no point in him saying anything then. A strange feeling welled within him.
She has no idea of her relationship with Essie, yet she’s willing to take such a colossal risk to diagnose and treat her... For a moment, he even regretted bringing Estella over.
| should've brought Essie to the hospital. At the very least, | could have prevented Roxanne from being infected. While Roxanne was checking Estella over, Archie and Benny trotted in curiously.
Earlier, they vaguely heard some noise outside, so they got up to have a look. To their sheer surprise, they spotted Lucian’s car in the courtyard.
They initially thought that he came alone, so they wanted to come over and sneak a look to ascertain whether the two adults were having a row again.
Unexpectedly, no sooner had they reached Roxanne’s bedroom door than they caught sight of Estella sitting on Roxanne’s bed pitifully with red spots dotting her exposed wrist and neck. She appeared as though she was gravely ill.
Seeing that, they both wore worried expressions on their faces. They hastily sprinted over to the bed to have a look at Estella. In the room, both adults were preoccupied with their respective thoughts. Estella, on the other hand, was itching badly. No one noticed Archie and Benny’s approach.
Lucian was the first to notice them.
When he saw them dashing in without warning, his brows abruptly knitted together, and he warned in a deep voice, “Don’t come
in.
Regretfully, it was already too late. Archie and Benny gingerly touched Estella’s neck with worry written all over their faces. “What's wrong with Essie, Mommy?”
It wasn’t until Roxanne heard their voices that she jolted back to reality and shifted her gaze away from Estella’s wrist. The instant she laid eyes on their outstretched hands, her pupils constricted. Withdrawing their hands, Archie and Benny looked at each other in bemusement.
“How itchy!” Benny lowered his head and glanced at his wrist, only to see red spots similar to the ones on Estella’s neck dotting his wrist. 
###Chapter 771
Chapter 771
Chapter 771 | Am Sorry
Shortly after, Archie’s arm also started itching. Archie and Benny gazed at Roxanne blankly, not understanding what had happened to them.
Aglint of self-recrimination flashed across Roxanne’s eyes when she saw that they had both gotten infected.
If only | had closed the door earlier, | would've noticed their entry in time and stopped them from approaching. Then, they wouldn't have gotten infected...
“It's so itchy, Mommy.” With a frown marring his countenance, Benny stretched out his hand to scratch the itch. “Don't touch it!” Roxanne hastily ordered.
As her words rang out, Lucian stepped forward and grabbed Archie and Benny’s hands to prevent them from simply scratching their itches.
Just now, he didn’t dare touch them out of consideration that he was already infected. That was why he didn’t physically stop them.
Since they had also been infected then, that was no longer a worry.
Meanwhile, Estella already had that experience. While refraining from scratching her body, she pinned her eyes on Archie and Benny as she apologized, “I’m sorry. This is all on me...”
When Archie and Benny heard that, they endured the itch assailing them and comforted her instead. “We asked for it. It has nothing to do with you.”
After saying that, it occurred to them that Estella had suffered such torment for an indeterminably long time. Gritting their teeth, they turned solemn and said to Lucian, “Let go of us, Mr. Farwell. We won't scratch anywhere!”
Since Essie can endure it, we can naturally do the same! We need to be good role models for her!
Lucian eyed them both skeptically. Only when he was sure he couldn’t detect any signs of lying did he slowly loosen his hold on them.
Sure enough, Archie and Benny didn’t touch the red spots on their bodies throughout it all.
“Ms. Jarvis...” Estella muttered with much difficulty out of the blue.
Roxanne’s heart lurched. She dropped her hand from Estella’s wrist and touched the girl's face instead.
When they came over earlier, the red spots hadn’t yet spread to her face.
Right then, however, her entire face was stained red.
With a single touch, Roxanne discovered that Estella was already running a slight fever. At once, her heart sank. “What's wrong?” Lucian inquired with a frown, his expression likewise darkening a shade.
Shaking her head, Roxanne merely murmured, “I’m stepping out to make a call.”
After saying that, she instructed the three children, “I’m going out for a while. Don’t touch the red spots on your bodies.” In response, the children nodded obediently.
Having obtained their agreement, Roxanne pivoted and left the room.
His brows scrunching together, Lucian touched Estella’s forehead. Upon detecting that she was running a fever, he initially
wanted to step out after Roxanne to ask about her condition. But it was clear that someone needed to keep the children company, so he could only give that plan up.
At the door, Roxanne rolled up her sleeves and took a gander at her arm. Unsurprisingly, red spots had also manifested on her arm.
Since they were adults, their resistance was stronger than children. For that reason, Archie and Benny developed a reaction as soon as they touched Estella, while she and Lucian were infected slowly.
If her diagnosis was correct, Estella’s symptoms obviously indicated an allergy due to bacterial infection. As time dragged on, the symptoms would only worsen.
She and Lucian would still be fine, but the three children would inevitably have to suffer quite a bit. Worse still, Estella had already developed subsequent symptoms.
At the thought of the children inside, Roxanne didn’t dare delay things anymore. She whipped out her phone and called Colby right away.
She initially thought that she would have to wait for a while before he answered, as it was late at night.
Unexpectedly, the person on the other end picked up the call mere seconds after it was connected. 
###Chapter 772
Chapter 772
Chapter 772 We Will Take Good Care Of Essie “What's the matter, Dr. Jarvis?”
Colby had just fallen asleep when he was jolted awake by Roxanne’s call. When he glimpsed the caller ID, he immediately answered the call.
Hearing his voice, Roxanne furtively breathed a sigh of relief. She hadn't the time to exchange pleasantries with him, so she cut to the chase. “If it isn’t too much trouble, can you make a trip to the research institute right now?”
At that, Colby sat up from the bed. “Is there anything important?” While saying that, he had already started changing without waiting for her reply. He knew that there must be something crucial that she was calling at that hour, but he wanted to know the specifics.
Roxanne glanced at the three children in the room, her voice grave. “I have kids here who developed an allergic reaction due to bacterial infection. The spray we formulated back then might be effective, but I’m really needed here. As such, | can only seek your help.”
Having said that, she added, “Forget it if it’s too much trouble. | can also make a trip over myself.”
By then, Colby had already gone downstairs after snagging a coat and draping it over himself. “I've already left home and will be arriving soon.”
Roxanne thanked him gratefully, saying, “I’m really sorry for troubling you at this hour.”
At her words, Colby merely chuckled nonchalantly. “It’s no big deal. The children’s health comes first. | remember that the symptoms of such an allergy can get exceedingly serious. Take care of them first. I'll rush over as soon as possible.”
Roxanne murmured an acknowledgment and thanked him again before hanging up the phone.
By the time she returned to the room, Estella’s face had already flushed bright red. The red spots on Archie and Benny’s bodies had also spread to their necks.
It was the first time they had such a severe illness. Although they were already sufficiently strong, they were still inexorably afraid.
Utter distress inundated Roxanne at the expressions on their faces. But still, she gritted her teeth and soothed them. “Don’t be afraid. It’s just a bit of an allergy. I’ve already asked someone to send the medication over. Just put up with it for a while longer.”
Unwilling to cause her concern, the children nodded meekly. Turning her back to them, Roxanne sighed soundlessly.
While Colby had promised that he would rush over as soon as possible, she couldn't help feeling anxious. Thus, she went downstairs to wait.
At the sight of her retreating back, Lucian’s gaze darkened. He shifted his eyes to the three children on the bed. Discerning his intention, Archie and Benny instantly patted themselves on the chest and vowed, “We'll take good care of Essie!”
Following that, Lucian bobbed his head at them and left the room as well.
When he arrived downstairs, he bumped into Roxanne, who was about to head upstairs with a pot of hot water in hand. Lucian took the pot from her. “What illness is this exactly?”
Roxanne didn’t bother to stand on ceremony with him. She whirled around and took a few brand-new towels from the bathroom before following behind him. “It’s an allergy due to bacterial infection. Adults can still endure it, but kids’ resistance is low. As time drags on, there'll be a series of complications, such as high fever, laryngeal edema, and the like. In serious cases, there’s even a possibility of asphyxia.”
At her words, Lucian’s heart promptly sank to rock bottom. Essie is already running a high fever now. It'd be bad if things were to drag on.
“I've already asked someone to help get the medication. Right now, I’m going to use hot towels on them to alleviate the itching first.”
Roxanne’s heart was similarly heavy. Earlier, she initially planned to go downstairs to wait for Colby. But when she arrived downstairs, that idea occurred to her.
Lucian didn’t know much about pathology, so he could only do as she said. 
###Chapter 773
Chapter 773
Chapter 773 What Is Their Relationship An hour later, Roxanne’s phone rang. Colby had arrived. Roxanne went downstairs to open the door for him.
Meanwhile, Lucian and the children heard the male voice on the other end of the phone. Without waiting for the man to speak, the children took the initiative to urge him to follow Roxanne downstairs for a look.
Seeing that they were even more anxious than him, Lucian inclined his head a fraction and went downstairs with huge strides. “Thank you.” Roxanne stood in the courtyard as she took the sprays from Colby.
Since the condition was contagious, she could only try her best to keep a distance from him. However, he brought a number of sprays, so she couldn't quite carry them all. “I'll carry them in for you,” Colby suggested at her conflicted expression.
Without an ounce of hesitation, Roxanne turned him down. “As you know, this kind of bacteria is highly contagious. | already feel horribly bad for troubling you to make this trip late at night. You’d best not go into the house, for I’m afraid that you’d get infected as well.”
As a fellow doctor, Colby also played a part in formulating the spray. Naturally, he knew full well the contagiousness of such a bacteria.
Therefore, he didn’t insist after she had said as much.
Just when he was racking his brain for a way to help her carry the sprays in, a figure suddenly walked out of the mansion door. He reflexively lifted his eyes and cast his gaze over.
The instant he recognized the person at the door, a glimmer of surprise flittered across his eyes.
Lucian? Why is he here at this hour?
While he was still perplexed, Lucian had already walked over to him with mighty strides and regarded him expressionlessly. “You're... Dr. Galloway?”
He had seen Colby once when he went to the research institute to pick Roxanne up previously. When it came to the men around Roxanne, he had a deep impression of them, even if he had only seen them once. Snapping back to his senses, Colby courteously extended his hand and greeted, “Mr. Farwell.”
His brows furrowing imperceptibly, Lucian didn’t extend his hand. Instead, he merely explained, “Sorry, but I’m infected, so I'd better not shake hands with you for your sake, Dr. Galloway.”
Upon hearing that, Colby was again stupefied.
When Roxanne asked me to go over to the research institute to get the medication, she said there were kids who were sick, so | instinctively presumed that it was Archie and Benny. But if it were them, why would he be here? To top it off, he’s even infected? What's their relationship exactly?
Likewise, the look in Lucian’s eyes was pitch dark.
| remember that Roxanne exited the research institute with this man when we met the last time. And in such an urgent situation now, she asked him for help. What’s their relationship exactly?
For a moment, the atmosphere between them turned a touch tense.
Worried about Archie and Benny upstairs, Roxanne didn’t notice the strange atmosphere between the two men. “It’s late now, and considering the situation today, | won't be inviting you in.”
Gathering his wits about him, Colby nodded in understanding. Before leaving, he didn’t forget to remind her gently, “Take care of yourself. Don’t tire yourself out.”
Roxanne merely pursed her lips and flashed him a smile.
Awhile later, Colby got into his car and left.
Roxanne and Lucian remained in the courtyard, watching until his car had disappeared from their lines of sight before they spun around and went back into the mansion.
They held two large bottles of spray in each hand respectively.
By the time they returned to the bedroom, they were greeted by the sight of the three children lying on the bed sickly. Estella had already plunged into semi-consciousness from her high fever.
“Mommy...” Archie and Benny mumbled indistinctly when they saw them entering the room, still somewhat conscious. Roxanne hastened forward and touched their foreheads, only to sense searing heat.
At that, she quickly took the sprays over and sprayed the children all over. 
###Chapter 774
Chapter 774
Chapter 774 Perceived The Identities Of Archie And Benny
Fortunately, the spray they formulated worked in no time. Mere seconds after Roxanne sprayed the children all over, they stopped itching, simply in a daze from the high fever.
After spraying them all over, she turned and looked at the man behind her. She handed the spray in her hand to him. “Go and deal with it in the bathroom, Mr. Farwell.”
Dipping his head slightly, Lucian took the spray and went into the bathroom.
Roxanne, on the other hand, opened another bottle of spray and sprayed herself in the bedroom.
Having done that, she sprayed the room. Then, she took some disinfectant upstairs and sanitized the room. When she had finished sanitizing the place, Lucian so happened to step out of the bathroom.
At the sight of her bustling around in the bedroom, he strode forward with a frown, planning to help.
“Carry the kids out. This room has to be left unoccupied for two days,” Roxanne instructed, noticing his intention.
Upon hearing that, Lucian swiftly changed directions. He carried the children downstairs one by one and placed them on the couch for the time being. Subsequently, he headed back to Roxanne’s bedroom.
It was the middle of the night, so Roxanne was a tad drowsy after she had finished doing everything. She was planning to go downstairs to check on the children when she collided with a solid chest the moment she turned around.
Before she realized what had happened, Lucian had already reached out and supported her by the waist.
Roxanne was stumped for several seconds before she abruptly jolted back to reality. At once, she backed away. “Why are you back?”
“The kids are all asleep, so | came upstairs to see whether you needed my help,” Lucian replied in a deep voice.
Tilting her head a fraction in acknowledgment of his reply, Roxanne lifted the spray in her hand. “I’ve already dealt with things here. Next, you need to sanitize your car thoroughly.”
Lucian grunted in acquiescence. The two of them went downstairs, one after another, to sanitize his car.
“Are there any valuable things in the car?” Roxanne asked, glancing over her shoulder at Lucian after having sanitized the car. She then elaborated, “The windows have to be opened tonight for the air to circulate overnight. Then, the car can be used tomorrow.”
In response, Lucian shook his head.
Thus, Roxanne rolled down all four windows fully. Having done that, she reminded him, “Remember to also sanitize your house tomorrow. This bacteria is highly contagious.”
Lucian murmured in affirmation before following her back into the mansion unhurriedly.
The children’s symptoms had been alleviated by far after they had used the spray. Hence, they would be fine once their fever abated.
However, it was evidently uncomfortable for them to sleep on the couch, for all three of them were sleeping rather fitfully.
“Mommy, Daddy...” Benny muttered as he opened his eyes dazedly and saw the two adults entering the house.
Hearing that, Roxanne merely assumed that he was talking in his sleep. But still, her heart inexorably lurched, and she stole a peek at the man beside her on reflex.
Meanwhile, Lucian frowned, for he thought Benny was dreaming about the man who abandoned him and his mother. At that possibility, he swung his gaze at the woman beside him with a dark look in his eyes.
On the contrary, Roxanne had no idea of his thoughts. When she locked gazes with him, she merely felt guilty, fearful he had perceived Archie and Benny’s identities.
As Lucian glimpsed her expression, his gaze darkened further.
The two of them stared at each other for a long time, different thoughts running through their minds. Roxanne was the first to avert her gaze. She suggested airily, “Let's carry them to the guest room on the first floor. That room can still be occupied.”
Languidly retracting his gaze, Lucian leaned down and scooped Archie and Benny up. He then whirled around and headed toward the guest room.
Roxanne, on the other hand, carefully scooped Estella up and entered the room behind him. 
###Chapter 775
Chapter 775
Chapter 775 In His Arms
After having settled the three children, Lucian and Roxanne looked at each other. The second floor had to be left unoccupied, and there was only one guest room on the first floor. The only remaining room was Lysa’s room.
While Roxanne was wondering where she should house Lucian, the man offered, “I'll make do on the couch.” Having said that, he went over to the spot in question.
Roxanne’s brows creased slightly. But on second thought, there are only a few hours until dawn, and he might not necessarily be able to sleep well even if he manages to fall asleep. Besides, | really have no place for him to sleep.
At that thought, she didn’t say anything further. She merely took a blanket from the guest room and handed it to the man. Reaching out, Lucian took it from her and urged lowly, “It’s late, so you should rest as well.”
Roxanne inclined her head imperceptibly. When she recalled Benny’s mumbles in his dream earlier, a peculiar feeling surged within her, and she couldn't help explaining, “Just now... Benny must have been having some bizarre dream. Please don’t take it to heart, Mr. Farwell.”
Her words had Lucian frowning slightly. In consideration that she had worked hard that night, he initially planned to ignore Benny’s remark earlier. Yet, she just had to bring it up again.
“Archie and Benny never had a father since young, so—” Roxanne added guiltily, feeling ill at ease when he said nothing even after some time had passed.
Before she had finished speaking, Lucian cut her off coldly, “I know he was merely talking in his dream. | won't take it to heart.” Upon hearing that, Roxanne was inevitably stunned for a few seconds. Subsequently, she furtively breathed a sigh of relief.
Although his tone isn’t all that amicable, at the very least, he has made his stance clear. Moreover, from the look of things, it doesn’t seem as though he has perceived Archie and Benny's identities.
Not daring to say anything further, she briefly bid him good night and went into Lysa’s room.
Her emotions were a jumbled mess as she lay on the bed. She couldn’t sleep even after a long time had passed. In the living room, Lucian was all conflicted. He lay on the couch with his eyes closed and brows creased deeply. An indeterminate time passed, but sleep didn’t come.
The urge to simply get up and settle work matters gripped him.
No sooner had he moved an inch than he heard the soft click of a door opening. On the heels of that, a series of cautious footsteps drifted into his ears.
They sounded as though they originated in the direction of Roxanne’s room.
Lucian frowned, but ultimately, he remained lying on the couch and feigned sleep.
I'm pretty sure she doesn’t want to face me right now.
In truth, Roxanne indeed couldn't sleep and wanted to come out to get a glass of water.
The instant she stepped out of her room, her first reaction was to cast her gaze in the direction of the couch. Seeing that Lucian was seemingly sound asleep, she tiptoed out of the room.
After she had taken a drink, she happened to walk past the couch on her way back to her room. She instinctively looked down at the man sleeping soundly on the couch.
With the light from her room, she could see that half the blanket on him was already out of place. That aside, his brows were knitted together deeply, seemingly indicating a fitful sleep.
She didn’t think much about it, merely presuming that he accidentally flung the blanket off in his sleep. After a moment’s hesitation, she circled the couch and carefully grasped a corner of the blanket to tuck it around him.
Unexpectedly, before she could do anything, Lucian suddenly awakened from his sleep and cut his gaze over with a frown. In the darkness, Roxanne sensed a pair of eyes fixated on her. She lifted her eyes reflexively, only to meet the man’s dark gaze.
|...” She subconsciously wanted to explain herself, but a gigantic hand seized her wrist as soon as she did so.
In the next heartbeat, she ended up in the man’s arms. 
###Chapter 776
Chapter 776
Chapter 776 Never Allow Her Close To Another Man “What exactly are your thoughts about me?” Lucian’s voice was a touch hoarse.
He started feigning sleep right when he heard Roxanne coming out of her room. In his hurry, he forgot all about the blanket he had flipped open halfway. Never had he expected her to actually come over and attempt to tuck the blanket around him.
Just a while ago, he was feeling irritable thanks to her relationship with another man, but earlier, his heart melted because of the hint of tenderness she showed him.
Roxanne was stunned for several seconds. Promptly snapping back to her senses, she automatically lifted her hands to shove at him. To her surprise, the man’s grip on her tightened, making it so that she couldn't struggle at all.
Lucian’s voice continued echoing beside her ear. “When are you planning to accept me?”
At his question, Roxanne’s eyes constricted imperceptibly. Snapping her head to the side, she gaped at the man who was an inch away from her. Her brows furrowed slightly, and her voice turned remarkably steely. “You're all befuddled from sleep, Lucian! Hurry up and let go of me!”
Contrarily, Lucian snickered cryptically. “You were the one who provoked me first.”
His statement had bewilderment swamping Roxanne. She only realized what he meant when the events earlier flashed across her mind. “You weren't asleep?”
Arching a brow, Lucian chuckled noncommittally. “I pondered over Benny’s mumbles earlier, and | think we can make it a reality.”
At the thought of Benny’s groggy address of the man and his comment then, Roxanne’s heart abruptly jolted. Her struggles grew increasingly forceful. “He was merely mumbling in his sleep, so you don’t need to take it to heart, Mr. Farwell...”
“As you said, the two boys had no father the moment they were born. Likewise, Essie had no mother the moment she was born.”
At the mention of Estella, Lucian eyed the woman in his arms meaningfully before he continued, “It so happens that the boys aren't averse to me. Even if it’s for their sake, you should consider me, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne started wavering. The scales deep within her gradually tilted toward him.
Indeed, all three kids lack a complete family. If | were to really get together with him, at the very least, | could make things up to Archie and Benny, enabling them to be with their father.
But at the thought of Estella, a knot of uneasiness lodged within her. “If possible, kids will want to be with their biological parents.”
Until now, I’ve got no idea who Essie’s biological mother is nor the despicable means she utilized to climb into his bed back then. On top of it all, | can’t fathom how she could leave blithely after giving birth to Essie for him. Furthermore, his love for Essie leaves me no doubt about his feelings toward her biological mother.
Knowing nothing of her thoughts, Lucian presumed she was still pining after Archie and Benny’s biological father. His voice became somewhat chilly. “You're still pining after that man?” Jolted out of her musings, Roxanne frowned in puzzlement.
“You're still waiting for him though he abandoned you and your sons?” Lucian was both anguished and vexed. The look in his eyes was dark and gloomy.
At that, Roxanne froze for a few seconds before a wry smile tugged at her lips. Well, he doesn’t yet know the scumbag he’s speaking of is himself.
When Lucian received no response from her, the temperature around him dropped several degrees. Making no secret of his possessiveness, he declared, “If he dares seek you guys out again, I’ll never let him off the hook!”
No matter her thoughts on this, as long as I’m alive, |’ll never allow her to draw close to another man, let alone one who once hurt her! 
###Chapter 777
Chapter 777
Chapter 777 Just Hug You For A While
Following Lucian’s remark, a wealth of irony suffused Roxanne. She lifted a hand and pressed it against his chest. “Thank you for the kind gesture, Mr. Farwell. But I’m afraid you'll never have that chance.”
After saying that, she exerted force, hoping to break free from his embrace and get to her feet. To her surprise, Lucian actually dropped his arm around her.
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief. Just when she was about to stand up, a hand suddenly grabbed her wrist and yanked her toward the couch hard.
“Ahh!” she instinctively exclaimed at Lucian’s unexpected action. In the next second, she fell right onto his lap. Lucian supported her waist firmly with a hand, helping to steady her.
Roxanne gaped at the man beside her in astonishment. Despite feeling a tad irate, she stated in feigned calmness, “Thank you for steadying me, Mr. Farwell. You may now let go of me.”
Having said that, she reached out to find a fulcrum to regain her feet. Unexpectedly, Lucian hugged her even tighter. All she could reach were his thighs and abs.
She groped around before she finally found the fulcrum. Just as she was going to stand up, a sensual moan sounded beside her ear.
“Stay still.” Lucian’s voice was tinged with a trace of hoarseness. Hearing that, Roxanne clenched her fingers on reflex. Consequently, the hand around her waist tightened as well.
As she belatedly realized where she had placed her hand and cast her mind back to the man’s reaction earlier, her face instantly flushed bright red. She panickily retracted her hand. “I didn’t mean to do that!”
In response, Lucian gave a bark of low laughter. “I wish you meant to do that.”
At that remark, the blush on Roxanne’s face gradually spread.
If the lights were turned on, one would be able to see a faint splotch of pink staining even her chest. “Let go of me.” Roxanne started struggling furiously after stilling for a few seconds.
Alas, the man’s grip on her was truly too tight. Furthermore, the children’s room was just at the side, so they would inevitably wake the children up if they made too much noise.
Since she was bogged down with too many concerns, her struggles were pitifully weak.
In fact, she grew all the closer to the man the more she struggled.
Lucian didn’t do anything, merely watching enigmatically as she gradually drew close to him.
That aside, mirth bubbled within him at the sight of her erratic struggles.
“Have you had enough? The kids are still sleeping in the room! What if they were to witness this scene?” Roxanne was both anxious and irritated when she failed to break free even after struggling for an eternity.
Upon hearing that, Lucian followed her gaze and took a gander at the children’s room.
To this very moment, she’s still foolishly concerned about their opinion. Little does she know that the trio has long since betrayed her. If they were to witness this scene, they'd probably be even happier than me!
Roxanne was racking her brain for a way to get out of the situation when she abruptly sensed the man burying his head in the crook of her neck before chortling softly.
As his warm breath brushed her neck, it triggered an itchy sensation. She shuddered sensitively.
Before she could figure out the reason for his laughter, the hard beneath her snagged her attention. She promptly stiffened. “Let go of me, Lucian...”
Tightening his arms around her, Lucian urged in a hoarse voice, “Stay still. I'll just hug you for a while.”
I've waited for her for six whole years. And now, I’ve finally got her in my arms. Although I’ve done my best to restrain myself, my body still inexorably reacted to the stimuli. Besides, | don’t want to keep her in the dark about my desire for her. 
###Chapter 778
Chapter 778
Chapter 778 So Cruel To Abandon An Adorable Daughter
Frightened, Roxanne truly did as he said and remained still for a long while. After coming back to her senses, she began struggling again. In the next second, Lucian pinned her beneath him.
“I've already warned you, but still, you couldn’t stay still. If you were to wriggle around again this time, | wouldn’t be able to make any promises about what would happen.” He leaned close to her, his eyes narrowing dangerously.
Roxanne’s heart tightened as she stared at the man’s countenance that was mere inches away from her. She wanted to struggle, but she was worried about his words earlier.
Just as she was at a loss, sudden movement sounded from the children’s room out of the blue. Both their breaths caught.
As the sounds of the footsteps drew increasingly nearer to the door, Lucian’s brows scrunched together. Dropping his hold on the woman in his arms, he resumed a proper sitting position expressionlessly.
Finally, Roxanne was free of the man’s restraint. Before she could breathe a sigh of relief, she heard the click of the children’s room door opening.
When the thought of the distance between her and Lucian then occurred to her, her heart jolted once more. She hastily sprang up from the couch and stood at the side.
In the next heartbeat, the children’s room door slowly opened. Benny plodded out of the room groggily while muttering, “Mommy...”
He was sick in the first place and wasn't feeling well, so even his sleep wasn’t that peaceful. He automatically woke up after sleeping for a while and subconsciously wanted to seek his mother out.
At his juvenile voice, Roxanne swept a gaze over Lucian on the couch before she hastened over to him. “I’m here. What's wrong?”
Benny burrowed into her embrace. As he sensed the warmth of her hug, drowsiness assailed him again.
“Why are you here, Mommy?” Vaguely making out Lucian’s back on the couch, he sensed something amiss. But he could only mumble that question since he was so sleepy that he couldn’t keep his eyes open anymore.
Hearing his question, Roxanne couldn’t help recalling her experience a moment ago. She stiffened slightly. “I came out to get some water.”
Benny frowned suspiciously, still finding something off about it all. Nonetheless, he couldn’t be bothered to dwell upon it as drowsiness flooded him. His head tipped to the side, and he fell asleep in her arms.
Sensing a heaviness on her shoulder, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief. She lifted her hand and stroked his head. Carrying him in her arms, she went into the room.
Both Archie and Estella were sleeping soundly, their sleep undisrupted by Benny.
Roxanne placed Benny back onto the bed before tucking the blankets around the other two children.
She touched their foreheads, only to discover that their fever had subsided. Relief flashed across her eyes.
As she gazed at their sleeping countenances, the pressure brought by Lucian earlier gradually faded.
Seeing that it was already late, with only an hour left until dawn broke, she decided to stay in their room and keep watch over them.
If | were to return to Lysa’s room, I’d have to go past the living room. In other words, I’d inevitably bump into Lucian again. After what happened just now, | really don’t know how to face him anymore.
Following that line of thought, Roxanne felt a sense of heaviness within her. On the bed, Estella suddenly turned over.
The movement snagged her attention, and Roxanne slowly snapped back to her senses, thinking that the little girl was about to rouse.
But in the next second, she heard Estella muttering pitifully, “Mommy...” At her voice, Roxanne’s heart clenched painfully.
From what Lucian said, she had seemingly never laid eyes on her mother from the moment she was born. | wonder what kind of woman it was who could be so cruel to abandon such an adorable daughter... 
###Chapter 779
Chapter 779
Chapter 779 Breathed A Sigh Of Relief
In the living room, Lucian likewise stayed up the entire night. Early the next morning, the children saw Roxanne in the room as soon as they woke up.
“Mommy!” Benny cried out in a juvenile voice. Then, he added happily, “I dreamed about you last night!” When Roxanne heard that, her expression stiffened for a moment.
If I'm not wrong, the so-called dream he had of me refers to when he came out of the room last night. If he were to learn that it wasn’t a dream, | wonder what he would think...
While she was fretting about that, Benny’s voice rang out once more. “Hmm, it doesn’t seem like a dream.”
After saying that, he lifted his head and stared at her with curiosity etched across his features. “Did | go out of the room last night, Mommy?”
As he spoke, a mixture of emotions brewed within Roxanne. Upon hearing that question, she instinctively wanted to deny it. But on second thought, it occurred to her that she couldn't possibly fool Archie and Benny. Therefore, she could only nod helplessly.
“I saw you and Mr. Farwell in the living room. What were you two talking about, Mommy?” Benny wore an innocent expression on his face.
Words eluded Roxanne. | just knew that he would ask that, but | never expected him to be so straightforward. As the events of last night replayed in her mind, Roxanne’s face gradually flushed bright red.
Archie and Estella were entirely ignorant of whatever happened last night. The instant they heard Benny speaking of it, curiosity showed on their faces.
Upon noticing the blush staining her face right then, they were all the more eager to hear her answer.
We've already tried our utmost best, but their relationship remained stagnant. We initially thought they would persist in a stalemate for a long time, but from what Benny said, they were alone last night. In addition, one of them even blushed at the mention of the events that transpired yesterday night!
No matter how naive they were, they could still surmise that something must have happened last night. Sensing their enthusiastic gazes, Roxanne felt all the more conflicted.
Just as she was wondering how she should explain things to them, someone pushed open the door from outside. Subsequently, Lucian walked in with a frown.
At the sight of him, the children grew significantly sedate. Conversely, Roxanne had mixed feelings about it.
His sudden appearance meant that she no longer had to face the trio’s interrogation alone.
But at the same time, she couldn’t help recalling the events that transpired last night when she laid eyes on him. Tensing all over, she reflexively avoided Lucian’s gaze.
“Good morning, Mr. Farwell,” Archie and Benny greeted Lucian politely.
Lucian inclined his head a fraction. His gaze then swept over Roxanne before stilling on the children. “How do you all feel? Is there still any discomfort?”
In response, the children shook their heads obediently. “Nope!” Only then did Roxanne belatedly jolt back to her senses.
As soon as they woke up, they started interrogating me relentlessly to the point that | forgot all about checking them over. | only remember now after listening to their conversation with Lucian.
In light of her concern for the children’s condition, she suppressed the strange feeling within her. Under the different looks in the eyes of Lucian and the trio, she walked over to the latter. “Let me check you guys over.”
It was clear as day that the children had all recovered fully. Hearing that, they docilely lifted their arms and allowed her to check them over. All the while, they stared at her with merriment dancing in their eyes.
Roxanne forced herself to ignore their gazes and checked them over, one after another. Upon seeing that the red spots on their bodies had already faded, she breathed a sigh of relief. 
###Chapter 780
Chapter 780
Chapter 780 Tag Along After the examination, Roxanne stood up and asked Lucian to leave, not giving him any more opportunity to speak to the kids.
“Since it’s already morning, you should hurry up and bring Essie home, Mr. Farwell. You should thoroughly sanitize your house and do it as soon as possible.”
There was no room left to to her suggestion. Lucian raised his brows while wearing an indifferent expression. Then, he gazed downward at Estella.
She pouted in reluctance. “You can go back on your own, Daddy.” Estella was still feeling a little insecure after having just recovered from the sudden and severe illness last night.
She thought she could spend more time playing with Roxanne, Archie, and Benny that day, but unexpectedly, Roxanne appeared anxious to chase her away right after she woke up.
Lucian and Roxanne frowned at the same time after hearing Estella’s words. However, the thoughts that flashed across their minds were entirely different.
Before last night, she would have allowed Estella to stay at her place without hesitation. Yet, after her conversation with Lucian the night before, Roxanne had to consider Estella’s biological mother.
In her opinion, Estella was overly-attached to her because the little girl could acquire motherly affection from her. Having said that, Roxanne knew she was not Estella’s mother after all. | cannot let Essie continue to think of me as her mother because sooner or later, her real mother will return.
On the other hand, Lucian was displeased because he sensed Roxanne’s hesitation.
“Essie...” Roxanne opened her mouth and only managed to call out Estella’s name as she did not know how to refuse the little girl.
A hint of mockery laced Lucian’s deep voice as he said, “Ms. Jarvis, according to what you've said, my house should still be contaminated with bacteria. If that’s the case, I’m afraid it'll be inconvenient for me to bring Essie home. Since you’re unavailable to look after her, I’ll have no choice but to send her to the company.”
He was implying that he would leave Estella at the office and return home by himself to handle the sanitization of his house.
Roxanne looked up and glanced at him in bewilderment after hearing that. She had the urge to question whether he could really bring himself to do that when Estella had just recovered from her illness.
However, before she could say anything, Roxanne suddenly realized Lucian’s suggestion was no different from what she was doing. If | let Essie stay, he won't have to leave her alone at the office.
“| don’t want to go to the office!” Estella tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s clothes pitifully.
Roxanne looked down and met with the little girl's large, watery eyes. In the end, she conceded. “Why don’t you stay here and hang out with Archie and Benny, Essie?”
With that, she turned around to gaze at Lucian and said resolutely, “The disinfection process should not be delayed any longer. You should hurry up and go back, Mr. Farwell.”
He stared at her for a few moments before nodding in response. Then, he spun on his heels and left the kids’ room.
Roxanne loaded the remaining bottle of sprays in his car and reminded him in detail about the proper way to disinfect the house. “Feel free to tag along with me if you're worried, Ms. Jarvis,” Lucian teased while arching his eyebrow.
She fell silent immediately after hearing that and moved to one side. Soon, she watched as his car sped away and finally disappeared from her vision.
Only then did she return to the mansion with a heavy heart.
Although what Lucian did last night was over the line, Roxanne’s strong sense of responsibility and professional ethics as a doctor caused her to feel a little worried still. She was afraid he would contract the disease again during the disinfection process. 
###Chapter 781
Chapter 781
Chapter 781 What Are You Doing
Meanwhile, at the Farwell residence, Catalina had not slept for almost the entire night. Last night, ever since Lucian brought Estella away, Catalina’s body began to feel itchy. However, she did not overthink the condition and planned to continue sleeping.
Unexpectedly, after some time, the itchiness worsened, rendering her unable to fall asleep. She endured the discomfort until the following day. Upon waking up, Catalina noticed her body was covered with red spots similar to Estella’s.
A few other housekeepers who were more closely acquainted with Catalina came over and checked on her. A short while later, their bodies started to itch too.
Catalina swiftly realized the illness was contagious. She immediately instructed everyone not to establish physical contact with one another and arranged for those uninfected people to stay in the courtyard.
Only after coming up with a simple plan to sort out the predicament at home did she remember to contact Lucian to report the circumstances to him.
Just as she took out her phone, Catalina saw his car driving into the house’s compound. Everyone stepped backward and watched while Lucian parked and got out of the vehicle.
“Mr. Farwell, Ms. Estella’s disease is contagious. You...” Catalina moved forward and expressed her concern to Lucian while putting up with her body's discomfort.
She had served the Farwell family for many years and was considered one of the few to witness Lucian and Estella’s growth. She had long since regarded them as her family.
Seeing how Lucian carried Estella in his arms when they left the house last night, Catalina assumed he would be infected too. To her surprise, he seemed completely fine.
Lucian sized her up while wearing a solemn expression. “How many people have contracted the disease?”
She regained her senses and recalled the number of infected personnel before reporting, “Approximately four to five people. I've asked them to remain inside the house. Those staying in the courtyard are the unaffected group.”
Lucian nodded. Then, he returned to his car to retrieve the spray bottles and handed one to Catalina. “Use this bottle to spray those who have been infected and the remaining bottles to sanitize the house.”
Catalina bobbed her head in acknowledgment and immediately turned around to delegate the tasks. Soon, all the housekeepers began to carry out their duties.
Lucian walked to the living room and scanned the area. Nevertheless, Aubree was nowhere to be seen. Artustling sound came from upstairs when the housekeepers were almost done disinfecting the residence.
Aubree felt delighted for successfully punishing Estella last night. As a result, she was able to get a good night's sleep. By the time she woke up, the time was already close to nine o’clock in the morning.
That little b*tch should suffer from severe symptoms after being infected with the disease, so | reckon Lucian won’t be home so soon. With that thought in her mind, Aubree ambled down the stairs.
Upon arriving at the living room, she saw a few housekeepers still engaged in the sanitizing work. She asked with a frown, “What's going on?”
Right after she was done talking, one of the housekeepers sprayed her with a bottle of an unknown substance. Aubree scrunched up her face in utter displeasure instantaneously. “What are you doing!”
“Mr. Farwell said there is a highly contagious bacteria in the house, so he asked us to sanitize the whole place,” the housekeeper replied calmly.
Aubree’s expression froze after she heard the housekeeper’s explanation. “Are you saying that Lucian is back?” How is this possible? Frieda told me the bacteria could induce a very potent sensitivity reaction, and the condition cannot be easily cured. Logically, that little b*tch should still be sick. Why is Lucian back so soon?
She looked up in perplexity and swept her gaze around the living room.
Aubree’s heart jumped into her throat, and her facial expression stiffened indistinctively when she caught sight of Lucian standing in front of the couch. He’s really back. Does that mean that little b*tch has recovered? 
###Chapter 782
Chapter 782
Chapter 782 Pack Your Things
Aubree was stunned for a few seconds. Suppressing the panic in her heart, she approached him with concern written all over her face and pretended not to know anything about what had happened yesterday. “Lucian, what's going on?”
Lucian looked at the person in front of him expressionlessly and interrogatively. Things had been chaotic last night. He had only heard Roxanne say that Estella’s symptoms were due to a bacterial allergy.
As for where the bacterium came from, he hadn't had the time to think about it until he carefully recalled what had happened when he was on the way back.
Everything had been fine before Aubree arrived at the manor. However, the bacterium had shown up the same time as her. Lucian couldn’t help but suspect the woman in front of him.
Aubree’s heart clenched when he glanced at her. She pinched her palm to calm herself down, then asked innocently, “I heard from the housekeepers that there’s a bacterium in the house. It can’t be true, can it? The house is cleaned daily, so where did the bacterium come from?”
Lucian furrowed his brows. | don’t notice anything odd by observing her face. Then again, I’ve never noticed how she has been treating Essie behind my back or even in front of me for six years.
At that thought, he looked away instead of investigating further. If she’s the one who did it, I'll find out sooner or later.
“Essie’s allergy was suddenly triggered last night. | took her for a checkup and was told that she had come in contact with an infectious bacterium,” Lucian said, then glanced at Aubree meaningfully. “Looks like you weren't infected. | suppose | don’t need to bring bad news to Mr. Pearson.”
Aubree was stunned. She wondered if it was a good or bad thing that she wasn’t infected. Steeling herself, she changed the topic and asked, “Essie had an allergic reaction? How is she?”
Lucian looked at her silently.
“Why did you come back all by yourself? Is anyone taking care of Essie right now?” Aubree stubbornly put on an act despite his lack of response.
However, Lucian continued to remain silent. Unable to go on with her one-woman show, she asked sheepishly, “Where is she? I'll go and visit her.”
Lucian pursed his lips and replied, “You don’t have to. Essie has recovered.”
An imperceptible astonishment flashed past Aubree’s eyes. How did she recover so quickly? Frieda said that kind of bacterium is very difficult to detect. It'll take normal doctors days to find the cause and even longer than that to come up with a treatment. But he doesn’t seem to be lying. He also doesn’t have any reason to lie to me about Essie’s condition.
Aubree forced herself to calm down, then flashed a casual smile at Lucian. “I’m glad that Essie’s fine. Her body has always been quite weak since she was a child. She must have been terrified this time.”
Lucian ignored her question and scanned the room. Besides the woman in front of me, who else could have brought the bacterium here...
“It's done, Mr. Farwell,” Catalina reported after she and the other housekeepers sanitized the entire mansion. Lucian nodded and ordered, “Investigate who had left the manor for a long time in the past few days.” “Will do, Mr. Farwell.”
Aubree panicked a little when she heard that Lucian planned to investigate the matter thoroughly. Her heart clenched again as she pretended to avert her gaze from Lucian calmly.
“Pack your things. I'll send you back,” Lucian said in a deep voice. 
###Chapter 783
Chapter 783
Chapter 783 | Will Decide For You
Upon hearing that, Aubree pushed her guilt aside and snapped, “What are you saying, Lucian? My dad is still angry right now. How can | go back?”
How can | leave so easily when it took me so much effort to move into the manor?
Unfazed, Lucian looked at her emotionlessly. “Then go to a hotel. The entire manor has only been disinfected one time. | don’t know if there are more bacteria hiding around, but what | do know is that if | let you stay here despite knowing you might get infected, | wouldn’t know what to tell the elders.”
Although what he said were words of concern, he sounded apathetic. A chill ran down Aubree’s spine. She wasn’t stupid, for she knew that it was just an excuse from Lucian to chase her out.
Sadly, she didn’t have any valid reasons to insist on staying. At that realization, she started hating Estella for recovering so fast. | should’ve let her suffer more!
“I'll wait for you in the car.” Lucian didn’t plan to give Aubree a chance to speak. He left the mansion right after he finished his sentence.
Aubree gritted her teeth in anger as she watched him leave. | did all this because | wanted to teach that little b*tch a lesson, yet | was hoisted by my own petard and gave Lucian a valid reason to chase me away! Looks like | have no other choice but to leave.
Aubree stood at the same spot for a long while before she went upstairs unwillingly to pack her stuff.
When she saw Estella’s towel that she had swapped back last night, she clenched her jaw and stuffed it into her luggage furiously.
She had planned to get rid of the thing in the morning until Lucian denied her of the chance to do so. As such, she could only take the risk and leave the building with the evidence. Not wanting to leave, Aubree intentionally packed her things slowly.
Catalina showed up at the door after some time and asked politely, “Do you need my help, Ms. Pearson? Mr. Farwell has been waiting for you downstairs for a long time.”
Lucian didn’t want Aubree to delay her departure any longer, so he had sent Catalina to urge her to speed things up.
Of course, Aubree knew what Catalina’s presence meant. She closed the luggage with a scowl and stood up from the ground. “No, thanks. I’m done packing.”
Then she dragged the luggage downstairs with a long face.
When she arrived at the door, Lucian didn’t even alight from the car. It was a housekeeper who helped her place her luggage in the vehicle.
Aubree was infuriated, but she didn’t dare to show it on her face. All she could do was walk to the passenger seat in frustration. Just as she wanted to pull the door open, she realized it was locked from the inside. After pulling the handle twice, she still couldn’t open the door. Dumbstruck, she stared at the man inside the car.
In the past, he wouldn’t have cared about the details and definitely wouldn’t have done something so obviously directed at her.
Did that b*tch Roxanne really change him that much? Lucian simply ignored her. He locked the door to the passenger seat because he didn’t want to watch her putting on an act in front of him anymore.
The two reached an impasse for a long while. Seeing that the man wasn’t going to change his mind, Aubree opened the door to the back seat unwillingly and sat inside.
Lucian glanced at her through the rearview mirror and asked, “Have you thought about where you want to go?” Aubree bit her lip and replied, “I... don’t know.”
There was silence in the car.
Instead of waiting for her to say something, Lucian broke the silence. “Then I'll decide for you.”
He promptly started the engine and drove out of the manor. 
###Chapter 784
Chapter 784
Chapter 784 Stay At My Place For Now
Aubree didn’t know where Lucian was taking her, but she didn’t dare to ask. She was afraid that he would send her straight to a hotel if she did.
As she stared out the window silently, the road became more and more familiar to her. “Where are we...” She spoke hesitantly. “I'm sending you to my mom’s place.”
Sonya had always been biased toward Aubree. If she learned that he had kicked Aubree out of the house, she might annoy him with her rhetoric again.
He would rather send Aubree there directly and then explain the situation to his mother. That way, there would be nothing she could say about the matter.
Aubree’s heart sank when she heard that.
The only reason she had promised to leave the Farwell residence was that she wanted to visit Sonya at a later date. She was hoping to talk to Sonya about the matter during the visit with the intention of regaining the chance to return to the Farwell residence.
If Lucian was going to send her to Sonya’s now, then there was no way she could embellish her story in front of Sonya.
However, it was already too late when she found out where she was heading. All she could do was watch him drive into Sonya’s mansion.
“Mr. Farwell. Ms. Pearson.” The butler quickly and politely welcomed them. Lucian nodded and gestured for the butler to grab Aubree’s luggage. The butler understood what he meant and promptly grabbed the luggage before following the two visitors into the living room.
At that moment, Sonya was having lunch. When she saw the visitors, she put her fork down in confusion. “What’s going on? Why is there a suitcase?”
As she spoke, she glanced at her son with dissatisfaction. She then approached Aubree, brought her to the dining table, and asked the butler to prepare two extra sets of cutleries.
“Did Lucian make you upset? Why did you suddenly move out?” Sonya asked caringly.
Aubree glanced at the person standing at the entrance, then shook her head while flashing a forceful smile. “No. Lucian was nice tome.”
Sonya was skeptical when she heard that. “Then what’s going on?”
She was aware that Aubree had feelings for her son, so she had thought that the younger woman would be happy for being able to stay at the Farwell residence.
Yet, Aubree had moved out unhappily just two days later.
The only possibility Sonya could think of was that her son had given the younger woman a bad time again.
However, that couldn't be true because Aubree had just praised Lucian.
Upon seeing Aubree’s considerate demeanor, Sonya shot a reproachful glance at Lucian, who was still standing in the living room. “Didn't | ask you to take good care of Aubree?”
Lucian nodded indifferently. “I sent her here precisely because of that.”
Sonya furrowed her brows. “What do you mean?”
“Essie got sick last night due to an allergic reaction to an unknown bacterium. The doctor said that the bacterium is very infectious. While the house has been disinfected, | can’t say for certain whether the bacterium is truly gone. She might get infected if she stayed there, so | sent her here.”
He did not plan to let his mother know that Estella was at Roxanne’s place. Otherwise, it would only bring unnecessary trouble to Roxanne.
Sonya’s attention, however, was captured by his first sentence. She asked anxiously, “Essie’s sick? How is she doing right now? Why did you only tell me this now?”
“She's fine already. The doctor | brought her to is very skillful.”
Only then did Sonya let out a sigh of relief. She nodded and said, “All right, Aubree can stay at my place for now.” 
###Chapter 785
Chapter 785
Chapter 785 Eat With Us
Aubree scrunched up her eyebrows upon hearing Sonya agree to Lucian’s arrangement. She wanted to say something, but the older woman was not looking at her.
“Sit down and eat with us,” Sonya said to Lucian. Aubree’s eyes sparkled when she heard that. She thought Sonya would use the opportunity to speak good things about her.
Holding that thought, she looked at Lucian with anticipation. “You’ve been busy for the whole morning, Lucian. | bet you're tired. Come over here and have a little something.”
Lucian looked at the two women expressionlessly and said, “No, thanks. | still need to pick up Essie. You two enjoy.” Then he turned around with the intention of leaving.
The moment he did that, Sonya called out to him and stopped him.
“You should visit Aubree when you have the time and help put in a good word for her in front of Mr. Pearson if you can,” Sonya said.
Lucian, with his back facing the women, frowned with annoyance, replied with a deep grunt, and strode away. In the car, he hesitated for a while before driving to Roxanne’s place. Roxanne was having lunch with the children.
Because of what Benny had said earlier, the children had been staring at her inquisitively the whole morning and would follow her wherever she went.
Fearing that they would bring up the incident last night again, Roxanne could only try her best to find them something to do. She felt mentally and physically exhausted.
It was the first time she had felt so tired of taking care of the children, thanks to Lucian.
“Mommy,” Benny suddenly called her.
Upon returning to her senses, Roxanne looked at him in confusion.
“Is Mr. Farwell going to have lunch with us?” Anticipation was written all over Benny’s face.
He recalled that his mother had only asked his father to return to the manor to disinfect the place. Since Essie’s at our place right now, Daddy will probably come to our place at noon!
Roxanne was momentarily speechless. Why does he think Lucian will join us for lunch out of nowhere? “He probably—” Just as she was going to say it was unlikely he would come, the doorbell rang.
Quickly, Benny leaped from his chair and scampered to the door. “It must be Mr. Farwell!”
Roxanne was overwhelmed with mixed emotions when she looked at how excited he was.
She had thought Benny would be very disappointed if the person at the door weren’t Lucian. However, she soon heard the boy’s cheerful voice. “Mr. Farwell!”
Taken aback, Roxanne stood up and looked toward the door.
There, she saw Lucian standing calmly in the same shirt as he had worn that morning. His big hand was gently placed on Benny’s head as he looked at her.
When their eyes met, Roxanne averted her gaze. She recalled what had happened last night and wondered how to face him.
Lucian’s timing is impeccable. | can’t just let Essie leave with him in the middle of a meal. But if | share a meal with him, the children will undoubtedly notice my odd behavior.
Just as she was deciding what to do, Benny enthusiastically extended an invitation to Lucian. “Come and eat with us, Mr. Farwell!”
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat when she heard that.
Lucian cocked an eyebrow and replied meaningfully, “I would love to, but | think you should still ask your Mommy about this.” 
###Chapter 786
Chapter 786
Chapter 786 He Considered Your Feelings
Since Benny had asked Lucian to join them, there was no reason for Roxanne to refuse. She forced a smile and said, “You're just in time, Mr. Farwell. Please join us.”
With that, she walked into the kitchen to take another set of cutleries.
Standing alone in the kitchen, Roxanne couldn't help but be a little distracted.
Meanwhile, Benny led Lucian to take a seat at the table. However, Roxanne did not come out of the kitchen for quite some time, leaving Lucian with no cutleries.
Puzzled, the boys urged, “Mommy?”
The children’s voices immediately pulled Roxanne back to reality. She quickly composed herself and walked out.
Everyone at the table turned to look at her in unison.
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he saw Roxanne’s expression.
Roxanne placed the cutleries in front of Lucian before returning to her seat under everyone’s gazes, all the while pretending to be calm.
None of the adults spoke first.
Even the children were suddenly at a loss for what to say. They could only exchange glances and shift their gazes between Roxanne and Lucian, hoping one of them would break the silence.
Sensing the children’s hopeful gazes, Lucian suppressed his displeasure and said grimly, “I’ve asked Aubree to move out.” Everyone was stunned by his words.
Roxanne looked up at Lucian in surprise, her hand holding a fork pausing mid-air.
Lucian did not express his thoughts on the matter during their last conversation about it. Roxanne had thought Aubree would continue living in his house for some time.
Yet little did she expect Lucian to be so efficient. He had already asked Aubree to move out when he went home to disinfect the house.
He must've taken my advice.
The three children looked at Lucian with eyes that seemed to sparkle with delight.
“Is it true, Daddy?” Estella tugged at Lucian’s shirt sleeve, wanting to confirm what she had just heard.
Lucian nodded, then explained to no one in particular, “It was my mom who wanted Aubree to live in my house. | never really agreed to it in the first place, and I’ve been wanting to make her leave. It’s just that | never had a valid reason.”
After that, Lucian looked up at Roxanne and said solemnly, “Essie’s illness this time has given me a perfect excuse to get rid of her, so | sent her to my mom’s place.”
After listening to Lucian’s explanation, Estella finally believed that the evil woman was gone. “Hooray!” She clapped excitedly. Roxanne, on the other hand, had been staring at Lucian the entire time. She knew that his explanation earlier was meant for her ears. She pursed her lips, not knowing what to say.
“Thank you, Ms. Jarvis!” Estella said excitedly, turning around to face Roxanne.
It was at that moment that Roxanne returned to her senses. She met Estella’s eyes, feeling utterly confused.
After all, she had little to do with Aubree leaving the Farwell residence. She did not understand why Estella was thanking her. “Daddy must've taken your advice and chased the evil Ms. Pearson away.” Estella tilted her head and spoke on behalf of her father.
Taken aback, Roxanne peered at the man in front of her.
Lucian merely raised his brow without admitting or denying Estella’s claims.
From the boys’ point of view, Lucian’s silence meant he agreed with Estella’s words.
They were secretly pleased upon realizing that.
“Daddy made Ms. Pearson leave sooner because he considered your feelings,” said Roxanne.
Lucian’s behavior made Roxanne feel strangely guilty that she sounded as if she was in a daze. 
###Chapter 787
Chapter 787
Chapter 787 | Did Not Lie To You
Estella faked a nod, turning to the boys and flashing them a grin.
Thanks to Lucian’s sudden appearance, Roxanne felt less guilty toward the children. However, she felt stressed all the same. Finally, lunch was over. Roxanne had thought Lucian would bring Estella home after lunch. However, to her surprise, Estella was reluctant to leave.
Roxanne had no choice but to let Estella stay and play for a while before seeing them off.
That day, Estella was extremely happy. Not only did she get to play at Roxanne’s house, but she also found out that Aubree was gone.
Estella was grinning from ear to ear during their journey back to the manor.
Lucian, on the other hand, felt conflicted when he saw how happy Estella looked through the rearview mirror.
“Daddy, Benny says you and Ms. Jarvis were in the living room last night. Is that true?” Estella finally asked the question that had been nagging at her all day.
Lucian froze at Estella’s question.
Whatever happened last night was done out of his impulse.
Now that he thought about it, he reckoned Roxanne must have been taken aback by his actions.
However, it was already too late to regret it.
Truth was, Lucian had also pretended to be calm around Roxanne. Now that Estella was asking him about it, he felt an inexplicable wave of emotions forming in his heart.
Without waiting for Lucian’s reply, Estella pressed further sweetly, “Daddy, what were you and Ms. Jarvis talking about so late at night? Did you make her angry again?”
Lucian could feel his head aching as he listened to her.
He could imagine who Estella would side with if she found out about her relationship with Roxanne.
“Ms. Jarvis came out to have a glass of water, and we talked about your illness,” answered Lucian solemnly.
As to whether he made Roxanne angry, he did not answer that question.
From his point of view, he had merely gone a little overboard when he bullied Roxanne.
Did she get angry? Oh, well. It’s too late to worry about that now.
Estella was relieved to hear Lucian’s reply. However, she complained unhappily after that, “Is that all?”
Lucian cocked a brow. “What else should we have talked about?”
Estella said matter-of-factly, “You should have also asked her when she would become my mommy!”
Her reply redefined Lucian’s understanding of her.
When Estella had refused to speak back then, he had feared she would continue to stay quiet in the future even after she had learned how to speak.
However, she had dismissed all of his worries during this period.
Is it because she likes Roxanne a lot? Essie seems to talk a lot when it’s a topic about Roxanne and me.
Most of the time, Estella’s words were as shocking as what he had heard earlier.
If he had not heard it with his own ears, he wouldn’t have believed it was his own daughter who had said that.
Essie glanced at Lucian’s back in disdain. “Daddy, do you not know how to pursue Ms. Jarvis, or were you lying to me back then?”
Her questions made Lucian frown. “I didn’t lie to you.”
“Then when will Ms. Jarvis become my mommy?”
Lucian’s eyes darkened, and he said, “I can only promise you | won't let any other woman apart from Ms. Jarvis become your mommy.”
As for when, he did not tell Estella. In truth, he had already popped the question, but in a very overwhelming method, which caused Roxanne to be extremely aversive toward him. 
###Chapter 788
Chapter 788
Chapter 788 Am | Bothering You
Although Lucian did not answer her question directly, Estella was satisfied with his response, and she nodded obediently. Meanwhile, Roxanne was also being questioned by her two boys.
“Mommy, did Mr. Farwell make you angry?” Benny had been following her wherever she went like a puppy.
Having been questioned for almost half a day, Roxanne answered in resignation, “No.”
“Then why did you ignore Mr. Farwell during lunch earlier?” Benny asked, unwilling to give up.
Roxanne and Lucian did not exchange a single word with each other during the entire meal.
Neither of them had responded, even when the children had tried their best to create an opportunity for them to speak.
Roxanne, especially, had seemed to ignore the words “Mr. Farwell” in the children’s sentences. In fact, she had barely looked at him.
Feelings of guilt rose in Roxanne’s heart when she heard the boys’ question.
The reason she had ignored Lucian was that she did not want to see his face, for she would be reminded of the incident last night. She felt incredibly troubled whenever she thought about it.
“I'm just a little tired because | didn’t sleep well last night. That's why.” Roxanne made an excuse after some time. She then turned around and headed upstairs. “I’m going upstairs to get some rest. Play among yourselves, okay?”
Archie and Benny watched her leave, their eyes filled with suspicion.
They could tell she was lying, but it was true that she did not sleep well last night, so they stopped questioning her.
As soon as she returned to her room, Roxanne felt a wave of relief washing over her thanks to the silence.
For some unknown reason, the boys seemed to be very interested in her relationship with Lucian recently.
If it were not for the boys’ normal behavior, she would have wondered if they had found out about their identities.
Just as she was lost in her thoughts, her phone rang.
She snapped back to her senses and lowered her head to check who the caller was.
It's Jack. He must be calling because of the project.
Roxanne answered her phone without hesitation.
“Am | bothering you?” Jack’s voice sounded the moment the call connected.
Roxanne recollected herself and smiled. “No. I’m resting in my room. Is there any problem with the project?”
Hearing her response, Jack raised his brow and asked unhappily, “Am | only allowed to contact you because of the project?” His tone of voice clearly expressed his emotion, leaving Roxanne momentarily at a loss for words.
Right then, Jack's voice rang out again in his usual calm tone as if what Roxanne had heard earlier was just her imagination. “Anyway, you guessed it right. For our project, we need to collaborate with a pharmaceutical company. Recently, I've looked into the companies in Horington, and | think Herbscape Group is quite good. It took me quite some time to convince them to sign the agreement. They’ll be providing our follow-up medication.”
The mention of the project dismissed the strange feeling she had felt earlier. She smiled and said, “That's great. Herbscape Group is one of the biggest pharmaceutical companies in Horington. We won’t have to worry about our medicinal herbs supply in the future. Thank you for the hard work, Mr. Damaris. You’ve solved a huge problem on our behalf.”
Roxanne’s research institute had been facing problems in terms of their medicinal herbs supply, all because of Aubree and Sonya, who had been making things difficult for her.
Roxanne was sincerely delighted to hear that Jack had solved the problem. 
###Chapter 789
Chapter 789
Chapter 789 Will You Be Free
Jack smiled guardedly. “But Herbscape Group made a condition when they signed the contract.”
“What's the condition?”
Roxanne had a feeling that it had something to do with her. Otherwise, Jack would not have called her on purpose.
“Their boss wants you to attend the contract signing ceremony, which will also be considered a promotion for their company.” He did not know Herbscape Group’s ive for making Roxanne their gimmick until someone had reminded him of the news about her that had spread all over the internet not long ago.
Although the news had died almost instantly, it was undeniable that it had caused her to be well-known among the younger generation in Horington.
No one knew if her beauty or her medical attainments were the reason for her fame.
With Herbscape Group suddenly announcing that they were working with Damaris Group and releasing news about Roxanne attending the contract signing ceremony, they would no doubt attract more attention, which would, in turn, cause their status in Horington to rise with the tide.
Jack found it rather amusing when he realized that.
It seemed as though he, the eldest son of the Damaris family, was not as great as Roxanne in the eyes of Herbscape Group. Roxanne was momentarily stunned. After several seconds, she smiled and said, “If my attendance contributes to Herbscape Group’s decision to sign the agreement, I'll gladly comply.”
Jack fell silent for a while before saying apologetically, “I’m sorry for what happened back then. It’s all because of me. In the end, | didn’t do anything to help. I’m truly sorry.”
Roxanne was suddenly at a loss, uncertain of what he was referring to.
“It was Mr. Farwell who took action against the Hightower family, wasn’t it?” Jack guessed.
When the Hightower family got into trouble, Stephen had gone looking for Hector in hopes of getting the latter’s help to talk to Lucian.
It was only then that Hector had found out what had happened.
Hector had always admired Roxanne. When he found out from Stephen that Jessica had pestered Roxanne after getting drunk and even caused the latter so much trouble, he had stormed off on the spot.
Stephen had been unbelievably livid at that moment.
Finally, Roxanne came back to her senses. Jack’s talking about the previous uproar on the internet. It makes sense now that | think about it. The Hightower family is close to the Damaris family. It’s only normal for Jack to know what happened to them. She had no choice but to admit, “Mr. Farwell did help me.”
Jack smiled understandingly. “Looks like Mr. Farwell treats you differently.”
His words planted a strange feeling in her heart. She held her breath, worried he might say something else.
Thankfully, Jack was a person who knew where to draw the line. When he heard no response from her after his comment, he stopped questioning and returned to the previous topic. “My grandpa wants me to apologize on his behalf.”
His words threw her for a loop again. “You mean Old Mr. Damaris?”
What does that have to do with him?
Jack explained, “We fell for Jessica’s plan because Grandpa didn’t know about the situation and promised Stephen to help her. Grandpa has been regretting it ever since that incident.”
Moved by his explanation, Roxanne smiled and said, “It’s okay. That matter is already in the past. Besides, Jessica was the one at fault. It has nothing to do with other people. Anyway, she has already gotten her punishment, and that’s all that’s needed.” After that, Roxanne changed the topic nonchalantly. “By the way, when is the contract signing ceremony with Herbscape Group?” “Tomorrow night. Will you be free then?”
Roxanne agreed. 
###Chapter 790
Chapter 790
Chapter 790 There Is Still A Possibility
After ending the call and noticing that it was about time, Roxanne headed downstairs to prepare dinner for the children.
Archie and Benny were sitting on the carpet, playing with Lego.
When they saw their mother, they exchanged a brief glance, but they did not continue bombarding her with questions.
“| have work to do tomorrow night. Aunt Madilyn will be keeping you company, okay?” Roxanne told Archie and Benny about the arrangements for the tomorrow night over dinner.
Upon hearing that, they looked at her in puzzlement. “Why do you have to leave at night? Is it a business-related social event?”
Roxanne had never hidden anything about work from Archie and Benny. She said patiently, “There are new developments for the project that I’m working on with Mr. Damaris. | need to attend a contract signing ceremony tomorrow.” Archie and Benny looked at each other as the same question surfaced in their minds. “Will Mr. Damaris be there too?”
We still remember Mr. Damaris! He’s Daddy’s love rival.
Roxanne nodded noncommittally. “Mr. Damaris will be with me.”
Immediately after she said that, she noticed a strange expression on the children’s faces.
“What's wrong?” she asked in confusion.
Archie and Benny shook their heads quickly before looking at her and asking a question that gave her a huge headache, “Mommy, will you let Mr. Damaris be our daddy?”
Since we don’t know if Daddy has asked that question before, we'll find out on his behalf!
Looking at Archie’s and Benny’s earnest expressions, Roxanne could not help but think about Lucian’s face.
Although the children had asked a question that was completely different from his, they were fundamentally asking the same thing.
When the children mentioned Lucian, there was a strangely wary look on their faces.
Roxanne suspected that the boys had already found out about their identities.
She asked tentatively, “Do you want Mr. Damaris to be your daddy?”
Archie and Benny were dumbfounded.
Since Mommy didn’t deny it outright, it means that there’s still a possibility... If that’s the case, Daddy’s in danger.
However, to prevent Roxanne from suspecting that they knew about their identities, Archie and Benny deliberately revealed an innocent smile. “We'll listen to you, Mommy! You'll definitely find a great Daddy for us!”
Roxanne stared at Archie and Benny for a while but could not detect anything strange about them. Still having her doubts, she nodded and forgot to explain about her relationship with Jack to them.
While the children mulled over Roxanne’s replies over the meal, they could not help but feel worried for their father.
Roxanne found it strange when she noticed how unenthusiastic they were. However, she could not put a finger on it. “Mommy, we’re full! We'll head upstairs first!” After shoving some food into their mouths, they jumped down from their chairs. Roxanne felt even more puzzled.
Archie and Benny don’t usually eat so little. What's wrong with them today?
Realizing that they had acted overly nervous, they quickly came up with an excuse. “We didn’t sleep well last night. We're tired.” Archie and Benny looked dazed as they spoke.
Recalling the fiasco from the night before, Roxanne nodded in agreement without giving it much thought.
However, looking at how briskly they climbed the stairs, Roxanne thought they did not seem exhausted at all. 
###Chapter 791
Chapter 791
Chapter 791 A Secret To Tell You
Archie and Benny dashed to their room after they headed upstairs. “Archie, Mommy's meeting Mr. Damaris tomorrow. Should we tell Daddy about it?” asked Benny with slight hesitation.
Upon deliberation, Archie said, “We have to tell him.” They had kept it a secret earlier because they wanted Lucian to feel stressed about Roxanne’s relationship with Jack.
However, Roxanne’s attitude earlier made them feel terrified. What if Mommy really chose Mr. Damaris?
At that thought, the children no longer dared to hide it from Lucian. Benny asked gloomily, “But how should we tell Daddy about it?”
They could not contact Lucian as they did not have a phone. Roxanne would be leaving tomorrow night and they did not know if Lucian would visit that day.
Archie and Benny looked troubled as they thought hard about this tough question. After a while, Archie whispered something next to Benny’s ear with a frown, and the latter responded with a firm nod.
Then they washed up quickly and lay on the bed although it was still early. Before going to bed, Roxanne checked on the children and saw that they were sleeping soundly. Looks like they really did not have a good rest last night. Her suspicions gradually faded.
Little did she know that Archie and Benny were merely pretending to sleep. With their eyes still closed, they listened to the movements outside the door quietly.
Only when they could barely hear Roxanne’s footstep did they sneak out of bed. While listening intently for any sounds outside, they stared at the clock.
They waited until it was just before midnight when Roxanne would have probably fallen asleep before tiptoeing out of their room and down the stairs.
After walking to the corded landline telephone, they cast a careful glance at Roxanne’s room. When they saw that the lights in her room were turned off, they put their guard down and dialed Lucian’s number.
Although they did not have phones of their own, they had already memorized Lucian’s number, thanks to their exceptional memory.
Before dialing the number, Archie and Benny had been worried that Lucian would not pick up the call as it was so late. But to their surprise, Lucian answered the call mere seconds after they called him.
“What happened?” Lucian was working in the study when he suddenly saw Roxanne’s call. The thought that she might be in trouble made his heart sink.
Unexpectedly, Archie’s and Benny’s mysterious voices sounded from the other end of the line. “Mr. Farwell, we have a secret to tell you.”
Lucian frowned. “What secret?”
The children said straightforwardly, “Mommy says she’s attending a contract signing ceremony with Mr. Damaris tomorrow night.”
Agrim look spread across Lucian’s face when he heard that.
Even though Roxanne had explained to him numerous times what her relationship with Jack was, he was still bothered about it. Besides, something bad was bound to happen every time she went out with him.
First, she was pestered by Jessica. Then, she became the center of public opinion.
“Did you hear what we said, Mr. Farwell?” Archie and Benny asked when Lucian did not respond.
Lucian was jolted back to his senses. Knowing that the children must be secretly sharing this intel with him, he replied solemnly, “Got it. Thank you.”
The children did not dare to say anything else and quickly ended the call.
Benny erased the call history before they snuck back to their room. 
###Chapter 792
Chapter 792
Chapter 792 Why Did Lucian Suddenly Come Over
The following night, after getting ready, Roxanne headed downstairs and prepared to leave to meet Jack. The moment she descended the stairs, however, Archie and Benny stopped her. “Mommy, isn’t Mr. Damaris picking you up?”
Despite waiting for a long while, they saw no signs of Lucian. They had no choice but to think of ways to stall for time. Roxanne was confused when she heard their question. “Mr. Damaris wants to meet our collaborators early, so I’m going there by myself. What's wrong?”
Unable to think of a response on the spot, Archie and Benny exchanged a look, then flashed a grin and shamelessly blocked Roxanne’s path. “What's up with you two?” Roxanne bent down and stared into their eyes.
Archie and Benny fell silent again. “But Mommy, Aunt Madilyn hasn't arrived yet,” Archie said in piping voice. Roxanne glanced at the time. Madilyn should have left work by now.
Although they had agreed in the morning that Madilyn would come right after work, she was still nowhere to be seen. Since it was already nighttime, Roxanne was in fact worried about leaving Archie and Benny alone.
“Let me give her a call.” Roxanne took out her phone and called Madilyn, who answered the call immediately. Before Roxanne could utter a single word, Madilyn’s voice rang out. “Give me ten more minutes! | was stuck in a traffic jam. Ugh!”
Just when Roxanne was about to respond, Madilyn mumbled, “The car in front looks so familiar...” Roxanne could not help but feel worried when she heard that. “What's wrong? Is it someone we know?”
The more Madilyn stared at the car ahead, the more familiar it seemed. “Looks like it’s heading toward our residential area. He’s probably a resident here.”
Even after staring at the car for a long while, she still could not figure out who the owner was. Roxanne did not think too much about it as she said, “Be careful on the road. I'll leave once you arrive.” “Okay,” Madilyn said before hanging up.
Upon reaching the entrance of the residential area, Madilyn watched as the car drove in and headed in the same direction as her.
Where have | seen this car before? Madilyn’s expression froze when she saw that Bentley stop in front of Roxanne’s house.
| remember now! It’s Lucian’s car! Didn’t Roxanne say that she’s going to a business-related social event? Why did Lucian suddenly come over? Are they going together?
Madilyn was filled with confusion.
When Lucian knocked on the door, she hesitated, not knowing if she should get out of the car.
After all, she knew very well that Lucian was pursuing Roxanne. If she walked over, she would become the third wheel. Meanwhile, when Roxanne heard the doorbell, she assumed that Madilyn had arrived. She stood up and opened the door. “You're here! I'll—”
Before she could finish her sentence, she looked up and met Lucian’s eyes.
Silence filled the air. With her fingers digging into her palms, Roxanne pretended to be calm and asked, “What are you doing here?”
She looked behind Lucian and saw that Estella wasn't there.
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat. “Is Essie feeling unwell?”
Lucian would always bring Estella along every time he met her.
Since she was not there, Roxanne assumed that she probably had an allergic reaction.
However, Lucian did not respond to her question for a long time. 
###Chapter 793
Chapter 793
Chapter 793 A Misunderstanding After sensing something was off, Roxanne pressed her lips together and did not utter another word.
Madilyn watched as the atmosphere between Roxanne and Lucian turned tense. She decided against stepping out, instead choosing to wait quietly in the car. Nonetheless, she couldn’t help letting her thoughts wander.
Lucian’s actions are making me second-guess myself. If Roxanne hadn't told me he wanted to win her back, | simply wouldn’t have believed he was a man who would attempt such a thing. Besides, the way he’s acting doesn't look like he’s trying to get ina woman's good graces at all. It’s more like he’s trying to reclaim his territory.
The more Madilyn observed the former husband and wife, the more she leaned toward the theory that Lucian was merely trying to reclaim lost territory.
“You're going out?” Lucian repressed his anger and cast a cold glance at Roxanne. The man was clearly feigning ignorance, for he already knew the answer to his question.
Roxanne felt somewhat guilty upon meeting the man’s eyes.
However, when she thought about the fact that she only met up with Jack because of work, her confidence began to rise, and she responded calmly, “There’s a contract-signing ceremony | need to attend in a little while. I’m afraid | don’t have time to attend to you, Mr. Farwell. | hope you understand.”
Aslight crease appeared between Lucian’s eyebrows as he continued to probe, “Is it with Jack?” The question startled Roxanne. “How did you know?” | only received the notice last night. Moreover, Lucian has nothing to do with the project, so how did he know about this?
The kids, who were in the living room, overheard their mother’s question, and guilt was written all over their little faces. Subsequently, they quietly turned around and began playing with their Legos.
Roxanne did not suspect her children at all. Instead, she wondered if the man in front of her was investigating her again. Lucian appeared to have seen through her thoughts, and his gaze darkened. “| have my ways.”
His words only increased Roxanne’s suspicion. When she looked at him again, there was a hint of wariness in her eyes. “I don’t care how you found out, but I’m heading out soon. I’d appreciate it if you would leave as well.”
“What if | refuse? The reason I’m here today is to stop you from attending the contract-signing ceremony.” The man’s expression turned sullen, and his tone was ice cold.
To be precise, Lucian was trying to stop Roxanne from meeting up with Jack.
However, Roxanne only felt that the man was being unreasonable. “Are you done, Lucian? I’m only doing my job. What’s the matter with you?”
Asmile crept across Lucian’s face when he heard her feisty response. “The so-called job you're talking about, Ms. Jarvis, is it poaching from me?” he asked.
Roxanne’s brows creased slightly, for she couldn’t understand what the man was talking about. According to my understanding, the contract-signing ceremony is between Damaris Group and Herbscape Group. What does Lucian have to do with this?
“At first, Herbscape Group intended to sign with Farwell Group. Damaris Group must have pulled a few tricks to make Herbscape Group back out at the last minute and ultimately refuse to sign with us. Damaris Group’s methods greatly displeased me, so I'm not about to let their contract-signing ceremony proceed without a hitch,” Lucian explained with a straight face as if these were his true thoughts.
For a few seconds, Roxanne stared at him suspiciously. She thought the man was merely making up an excuse. However, she did not notice anything odd in his expression at all which meant that he was indeed telling the truth. Astrange feeling welled up within Roxanne when realization dawned upon her.
All this while, Lucian’s dissatisfaction toward Jack stemmed from their business squabbles. It wasn’t because of me at all!
Roxanne had been feeling troubled. She thought Lucian’s misunderstanding of her relationship with Jack would cause trouble for the latter.
As it turned out, it was she who had completely misunderstood the entire situation. 
###Chapter 794
Chapter 794
Chapter 794 What You Are Doing Is Pointless
A flash of self-mockery flitted across Roxanne’s eyes. She was worried that Lucian might find trouble with Jack because of her, but it turned out that she had gotten it all wrong.
All the while, Lucian was finding trouble with her because of Jack. Seeing the change in the woman’s expression, Lucian realized that what he had just said might have been too suggestive.
With his brows knitted together, Lucian was prepared to explain himself, but Roxanne beat him to the punch.
“Since it’s business-related, you can reason with Mr. Damaris himself. I’m merely a researcher in this project. Both my words and my presence don’t carry much weight, so even if I’m not there at the ceremony, it can still proceed without a hitch.”
Roxanne looked at the man in front of her with a tinge of mockery in her gaze as she continued, “I’m just an insignificant member of the project. If don’t attend the ceremony today, my colleagues will assume I’m unsociable and bring me trouble in the future. Mr. Farwell, please don’t put me in a tight spot.”
The crease between Lucian’s brows deepened when he heard the woman's words. She had indeed misunderstood him. “That's not what | meant!” he declared.
However, his reply only made Roxanne scoff. “Then what do you mean, Mr. Farwell? Are you treating me as a punching bag because you lost a business deal?”
Angered, Lucian narrowed his eyes. He could not think of a way to explain himself as he was caught up in the heat of the moment. Hence, he reached out to grab the woman’s wrist, not wanting to let her slip away.
Without the slightest hesitation, Roxanne attempted to break free of Lucian’s grip, but he was far stronger than her.
“Lucian Farwell, what you’re doing is pointless!” Having grown frustrated after struggling for a while, Roxanne glared at the man in front of her.
Lucian opened his mouth, but he didn’t know what to say to appease her anger. In the end, his retort was short and curt. “You can’t go.”
For a moment, the atmosphere between the two was thick with tension. Madilyn had parked her car in her own courtyard and was observing her best friend and Lucian from afar. She felt her heart tighten when the former husband and wife looked like they were arguing.
Madilyn did not want to become the third wheel, but in a situation like this, she was afraid that her best friend would end up being bullied.
At that thought, Madilyn hurriedly got out of her car and rushed over to them.
When she arrived at Roxanne’s doorstep, Madilyn felt rather awkward, but she steeled herself and pretended as if she hadn't been observing them for a while. “Roxanne, what happened?”
Lucian furrowed his eyebrows and loosened his grip around Roxanne’s wrist when he noticed someone was approaching them. This allowed Roxanne to successfully break free. She walked past the man and said to Madilyn, “You came just in time. Now that you're here, it’s time for me to go. I'll leave Archie and Benny in your care.”
Once she finished speaking, Roxanne did not spare Lucian another glance. She strode toward her car and drove off to meet Jack at the venue they agreed on.
Madilyn watched as Roxanne drove away. Then, she shifted her gaze toward Lucian, who was still standing in front of Roxanne’s house, and her face instantly fell.
| came over to rescue Roxanne, but who would’ve thought that she’d leave just like that? She even left me a huge mess to clean up!
Trying her best to appear calm, Madilyn cleared her throat and asked, “Mr. Farwell, what are—” She was interrupted mid-sentence when the man suddenly turned around.
Madilyn instantly shut her mouth when she noticed the gloomy expression on Lucian’s face. Lucian, on the other hand, seemed to not notice Madilyn as he strode past her and left in his car.
It wasn’t until his car had slowly gotten out of her sight that Madilyn was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief. 
###Chapter 795
Chapter 795
Chapter 795 What Happened Between Them
Roxanne’s car was nowhere in sight by the time Lucian drove out of her house. With a frown on his face, Lucian pulled over by the side of the road and gave Cayden a call.
Cayden was about to give Lucian a call as well, so he quickly answered the phone when it rang. “Hello, Mr. Farwell.”
“Find out where Herbscape Group will be signing the contract with Damaris Group,” Lucian ordered coldly. | can’t believe | let her get away! I will not allow her to spend time alone with Jack without my supervision!
Cayden replied, “Mr. Elias wants to have a meal with you at the Twin Petal Hotel. He tried calling you, but you weren’t answering your phone. So...”
The look in Lucian’s eyes turned gloomy when he heard that. | think | know why Dad wants to see me. He probably wants to talk me into marrying Aubree. | just sent her over to their place yesterday, and now Mom sends Dad here to lecture me. That woman sure knows how to gain their favor!
“Tell him | already have plans for tonight,” Lucian replied after giving it some thought. “Got it.” Cayden hung up the phone and began looking up where Herbscape Group and Damaris Group would be signing the contract.
He gasped in surprise when he found out about the location and called Lucian back as soon as possible. “Herbscape Group and Damaris Group will be signing the contract at Twin Petal Hotel tonight. Would you still like to cancel your appointment with Mr. Elias?”
Lucian frowned after hearing that. “No, I'll head over and see how things go.”
“All right.” Lucian then hung up the phone and drove straight to Twin Petal Hotel. Meanwhile, Roxanne’s car slowly came to a halt outside the hotel.
Jack and Larry were chatting with each other while waiting for her at the entrance. Roxanne took a moment to regain her composure before getting out of the car and walking up to them. “Sorry to have kept you guys waiting.”
“It's fine. The guys from Herbscape Group aren’t here yet,” Jack replied with a casual smile. The three of them chatted away as they rode the elevator and headed over to the private room to wait for Herbscape Group’s representatives.
After about ten minutes, the hotel staff entered the private room with three gentlemen dressed in suits. “Hello, Mr. Damaris, Mr. Morrison, Dr. Jarvis!” said one of them respectfully as they all took turns shaking hands.
As they had already discussed the terms of the contract beforehand, the entire process went by rather smoothly. After going through the contract one final time to make sure everything was correct, Jack, Roxanne, and Larry signed their names on it.
Roxanne spaced out a little when she saw Jack chatting with the representatives from Herbscape Group. It reminded her of what Lucian said before.
Herbscape Group was originally going to sign a contract with Farwell Group but canceled it at the last minute and went with Damaris Group instead. | wonder what happened between them...
She was snapped out of her train of thought when the representatives from Herbscape Group got up and left.
“Is there anything else you two would like to discuss? If not, I'll be heading back now. Archie and Benny are still waiting for me at home,” Roxanne mumbled absent-mindedly as she stood up.
She was about to leave when Jack stopped her and said, “We still have a celebratory party to attend. Everyone knows you're the main reason we could sign this contract successfully, so they’re all waiting to raise their glasses to you. What will | tell them if you just up and leave like this?”
Roxanne froze when she heard that and recalled what Jack told her before.
He said one of the terms of the contract with Herbscape Group required me to attend their events. | didn’t take it seriously at the time, but it looks like Jack wasn’t kidding... 
###Chapter 796
Chapter 796
Chapter 796 Fulfill His Promise To Marry Aubree Roxanne felt conflicted as she realized she had inadvertently betrayed Lucian. | wonder what Lucian will say when he finds out...
“Come on, Roxanne. We're going to be working closely together from now on, so it'd do us good to spend more time with each other,” Larry chimed in as well.
Left with no other choice, Roxanne recomposed herself and assented with a smile. The three of them left the private room and went straight to the banquet hall on the third floor.
Roxanne was shocked when she stepped out of the elevator. Everyone involved in the project was already waiting for her in the banquet hall. It was as though they already knew the signing of the contract would be successful.
They all flocked over to Roxanne with their glasses raised. “Mr. Damaris says you played a huge part in resolving the issue with our supply of medicinal herbs, Dr. Jarvis! Here’s a toast to you!”
“It's truly amazing how a young woman like you could make such great accomplishments in the medical field!” Just like that, they surrounded Roxanne and kept raising toasts to her.
Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
Since most of them were her seniors, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to refuse their toasts. Jack and Larry helped receive some of the toasts on her behalf, but they didn’t dare do much in the face of those seniors.
It wasn’t long before Roxanne started feeling a buzz from all that drinking. Meanwhile, Lucian’s car had just arrived outside the hotel.
According to what Cayden told me, Damaris Group and Herbscape Group should be signing the contract on the second floor. With that in mind, Lucian quickly made his way up to the second floor, but Jack and Roxanne were nowhere in sight.
It wasn’t until he asked the hotel staff that he found out they had finished signing the contract long ago. The look on Lucian’s face turned gloomy when he heard that. Did Roxanne go straight home after signing the contract, or is she still with Jack?
He was about to give her a call when his phone started ringing all of a sudden. With a reluctant frown on his face, Lucian answered the call.
“Cayden should've told you that | wanted to see you, so why haven't you shown up yet?” Elias asked in a cold voice. “I just arrived at the hotel. I’ll be with you in a minute,” Lucian replied before hanging up the phone and entering the elevator.
He had only intended to come to see Roxanne and clear things up with Elias. However, Roxanne was nowhere in sight, and Elias had already arrived.
Given the circumstances, Lucian had no choice but to go and see his father.
The elevator soon came to a halt on the top floor where Starlight Restaurant was located.
Lucian saw his father sitting by a window the moment he stepped out of the elevator.
The father-and-son duo both had expressionless looks on their faces whenever they weren't speaking, which made it hard for others to tell what they were feeling.
Lucian walked up to the table and sat down in front of his father.
Elias looked up at him and said calmly, “Ah, you’re here. Go ahead and order something.”
“No, | still have things to take care of.” Lucian turned him down without any hesitation whatsoever.
Elias simply arched an eyebrow at him in response.
“| know why you wanted to see me. You're here to persuade me to fulfill my promise to marry Aubree, right?” Lucian continued. Elias nodded and got straight to the point by asking, “What do you have to say about that?”
Although Elias couldn’t care less about the marriage, he had to talk to Lucian because his wife had ordered him to. 
###Chapter 797
Chapter 797
Chapter 797 Awfully Intimate
“| believe the profits | have provided the Pearson family with over the years is enough to repay Old Mr. Pearson’s kindness toward me. I’m also willing to help the Pearson family out if the need ever arises, so marrying Aubree is completely unnecessary,” Lucian replied.
He then stared solemnly at Elias as he waited for his father to lecture him the way his mother did.
To his surprise, Elias simply nodded after a brief pause and said calmly, “Do what you believe is right. | can’t do much about your mother, though. That’s something you'll have to deal with on your own.”
Lucian was so surprised that he froze for a few seconds after hearing that. “Thanks, Dad.”
Elias nodded. “You said you still have some business to take care of, so | won't keep you any longer. Go and do what you have to do.”
The two of them were always quick and efficient in the way they handled things. Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
Lucian got up and left without saying another word.
After entering the elevator, he grabbed his phone and thought about giving Roxanne a call. Our conversation earlier didn’t exactly end very well. | wonder if she’ll answer my call...
Meanwhile, on the third floor of the banquet hall, Roxanne was so intoxicated that she could barely stand on her feet. As if that wasn’t bad enough, the splitting headache she had only made things worse.
“Dr. Jarvis?” Having noticed her discomfort, Jack quickly stopped the people from giving her any more toasts. He then held her steady and brought her over to a corner in the banquet hall.
Roxanne glanced at him in confusion when she heard him calling out to her. “You had one too many, didn’t you? I'll send you home right away,” Jack said apologetically.
He had only intended to let her meet the people involved in the project. He knew there would be some drinking involved, but he wasn’t expecting her to get this drunk.
Roxanne was so out of it that it took a few seconds for her to register what he said. “Yeah, | did. My head hurts,” she mumbled while massaging her forehead.
Jack frowned worriedly. “Come on, I'll send you home.”
He then informed the others that they were leaving and helped Roxanne out of the banquet hall. Larry narrowed his eyes when he saw the two of them leave, but he kept his thoughts to himself. Roxanne’s phone started ringing shortly after they left the banquet hall.
At that point, she was so hammered that she could barely even walk. Had Jack not been there to hold her steady, she wouldn’t even be able to reach the elevator.
Roxanne rummaged through her handbag when she heard her phone ringing, but she couldn’t seem to find it.
The ringing stopped right as the elevator reached their floor.
There was only one guy standing inside the elevator at the time.
Jack then helped Roxanne into the elevator and pushed the button for the first floor.
It wasn’t until he looked up and met Lucian’s icy-cold gaze that he realized it was him in the elevator.
“Hello, Mr. Farwell.” Jack greeted him nonchalantly after the two locked eyes for a few seconds. He then shifted his gaze toward Roxanne, who was still in his arms.
The look in Lucian’s eyes turned increasingly gloomy.
| thought Roxanne might've gone home, so | was going to call her landline. Next thing | know, I’m greeted with this... Not only is Roxanne incredibly drunk while she’s with Jack, but they’re also in an awfully intimate position!
“Dr. Jarvis had a little too much to drink, so I’m sending her home,” Jack said in an attempt to add fuel to the fire. Those words had barely left his mouth when Lucian made his way toward him.
Jack simply arched an eyebrow at him as he stood his ground. 
###Chapter 798
Chapter 798
Chapter 798 Only When She Is Tired
Without saying anything, Lucian reached out to grab Roxanne’s hand and pulled her into his embrace. Jack knew his boundaries. Although he was holding on to her, he didn’t use a lot of force, so Lucian was able to snatch her from him with ease.
“What are you doing, Mr. Farwell? Dr. Jarvis gave me permission to send her home. How will | explain myself if she finds out | handed her over to you?” Jack asked with a frown. The elevator came to a halt on the first floor.
“Roxanne is my ex-wife. Given our relationship, | don’t think | need your permission to send her home. You will stay away from my ex-wife in the future if you know what’s good for you, Mr. Damaris,” Lucian said menacingly without looking back as he helped Roxanne out of the elevator.
Jack, who was still standing inside the elevator, had a nonchalant look on his face when he heard that. “Really? In that case, | suppose I'll have to leave her in your care, Mr. Ex-husband!” he said in the most sarcastic way possible.
Lucian paused in his tracks and shot Jack a cold glare. “You are in no position to comment on our relationship.” He then continued helping Roxanne out of there while Jack watched with a conflicted frown.
Ever since Jack found out about their relationship, he had been wondering why the two of them got divorced back then. He also had no idea why Roxanne went overseas for six years after the divorce.
Playvolume00:00/00:44TruvidfullScreen
e used to think that it was because of Lucian, but the way Lucian treated Roxanne got him questioning his own judgment. A chilly breeze was blowing outside the hotel entrance.
Despite being out cold, Roxanne shuddered when she felt the wind on her body and instinctively nuzzled against his embrace. Lucian frowned slightly when he felt her do that. Keeping his anger suppressed, he took off his coat and draped it over her shoulders.
Roxanne let out a soft groan when she felt the comforting warmth. She then buried her face in his chest and wrapped her arms. around his neck.
Under normal circumstances, Roxanne would’ve been disgusted by even the slightest physical contact with Lucian. This time, however, she was sleeping soundly in his arms.
Lucian felt his heart race as it was extremely rare for her to behave like this. He quickly carried her over to his car and had a hotel staff open the door for him.
Lucian gently placed her in the passenger seat and helped her put the seatbelt on before driving to her house. The entire car reeked of alcohol, but Lucian kept the windows shut as he didn’t want her to catch a cold.
The car was really quiet since it was just the two of them inside, so Lucian could clearly hear her soft, steady breathing. Roxanne occasionally mumbled in her sleep as a result of her intoxication.
Lucian felt his anger subside significantly when he saw that.
Roxanne has changed a lot ever since she returned to the country. The only time she’s so quiet around me is when she’s tired.
With a wry smile on his face, Lucian slowly increased the pressure on the gas pedal. 
###Chapter 799
Chapter 799
Chapter 799 Stay And Look After Mommy
Meanwhile, Madilyn was keeping Archie and Benny company at Roxanne’s house while waiting for her to come home. The two kids would usually pester her to play games with them, but that wasn’t the case that night.
For some reason, they both seemed distracted and barely paid attention to what she was saying. Madilyn pretended to get mad at them and asked, “What’s the matter with you two? Do you not like me anymore?”
Archie and Benny shook their heads. “We do, Aunt Madilyn.” “Then tell me what's wrong. Why do you two look like you’re ina bad mood?” Madilyn pressed on patiently.
“W-We're just worried about Mommy. We don’t want her to end up drinking too much. Don’t mind us, Aunt Madilyn,” they replied while exchanging nervous glances with each other.
In reality, they were wondering if Lucian managed to catch up to Roxanne or if he allowed her to be with Jack instead. They were especially concerned since Lucian and Roxanne had gotten into a fight before leaving the house.
Madilyn could tell that the kids didn’t feel like talking, so she decided to stop asking any further and sat down beside them.
| thought | finally understood Roxanne’s relationship with Lucian, but that argument they had earlier left me all confused...
The three of them were waiting on the couch when a car pulled up outside the mansion.
Madilyn was the first to snap out of her daze and glanced at the clock. It’s half past ten! Who could be coming over at this hour? “Is Mommy home?” Archie and Benny asked in unison.
Roxanne should be able to open the door on her own if she’s home...
With a confused frown on her face, Madilyn got up and made her way over to the intercom.
The first thing she saw was Lucian standing outside the door with Roxanne lying weakly in his arms.
Madilyn blushed a little when she saw how intimate the two of them were. She then quickly turned around and told the kids, “Ahem... | think you two should head on upstairs.”
Naturally, they refused to do that and simply stood there staring at the door.
As Lucian continued ringing the doorbell, Madilyn had no choice but to open the door and make way for him.
“Whoa, she reeks of alcohol! Why did she drink so much?” Madilyn exclaimed when she noticed the strong smell of alcohol coming from Roxanne.
Archie and Benny came running over and tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s shirt. “Mommy?”
Roxanne was still in a daze after being woken up by her kids. All she did was shoot them a brief glance before closing her eyes again.
It wasn’t the first time they had seen Roxanne come home drunk, so they had already gotten used to it. Usually, they would fetch her some water and medication to help her sober up.
However, the two had a different idea when they saw Lucian carrying her in his arms. They then tugged at his sleeve and said, “Mommy looks really drunk, Mr. Farwell. Could you stay and look after her?”
Madilyn was a little upset when she heard that. She had no doubt that Lucian would take good care of Roxanne, but she couldn't stand the kids asking him for help while she, Roxanne’s best friend, was still there.
Madilyn was about to offer to stay and look after Roxanne, but the kids were faster. They turned around and looked her in the eye as they continued, “Aunt Madilyn needs to go to work early tomorrow, so she can’t stay up late.” 
###Chapter 800
Chapter 800
Chapter 800 Their Motive
Madilyn fell speechless when she heard that. What? | have to go to work early tomorrow? It wasn’t until she noticed Archie and Benny winking at her that she understood what they were playing at.
“As much as | would love to stay and look after Roxanne, the workload at the hospital has been pretty crazy lately. Would you be able to look after her for me, Mr. Farwell? If not, I'll have no choice but to take a day off tomorrow,” she said with a sigh.
Feeling satisfied that Madilyn was playing along, the kids shifted their gaze back to Lucian and waited for his reply. Since he had intended to stay and look after Roxanne all along, he simply met their expectant gazes and nodded in response.
This is a little strange, though... | remember Archie and Benny being mad at me for a really long time when | casually mentioned their biological father. | thought they’d hate me very much, and yet, they've been helping me win Roxanne back lately. In fact, they're putting in as much effort as Estella. With my daughter, things are a lot simpler. All she wants is for Roxanne to be her mother. With Archie and Benny, on the other hand, | have no idea why they're doing this. People might think they like me very much and want me to be their father, but | have a feeling it’s more than that. | think it's because they care about Estella and want to become her family. As a result, they'd rather have me be their father than put up with some random stranger.
Madilyn was about to leave but got a little worried when she saw Lucian just standing there with Roxanne in his arms.
“You should help her to her room,” she reminded him. Honestly, I’m starting to question if leaving her with him is the right thing to do...
Hearing her voice snapped Lucian out of his train of thought. He then nodded at her and carried Roxanne up the stairs. Madilyn, Archie, and Benny quickly followed behind out of concern.
After watching Lucian lay Roxanne down on the bed, Madilyn reminded him to take good care of her before leaving the house. As she was walking out the door, Madilyn couldn't help but wonder if Roxanne knew her kids were secretly helping Lucian.
Could it be that the boys have found out about Lucian being their father? If that’s the case, | wonder how Roxanne would feel when she finds out they've been helping him...
Archie and Benny had no idea Madilyn had figured all of that out. With the most innocent looks on their faces, they stood there in Roxanne’s bedroom and watched Lucian look after her.
After tucking Roxanne in, Lucian bent over to feed her some water before getting back up. He paused in surprise when he turned around and saw the kids staring at him.
Archie and Benny, too, froze when their gazes met all of a sudden.
A few seconds later, they were able to regain their composure and smile at Lucian as if nothing happened.
Lucian frowned. “You two...”
Archie and Benny tensed up but tried their best to maintain their innocent expressions as they asked, “What's wrong?” 
###Chapter 801
Chapter 801
Chapter 801 Covered In Vomit
With a frown on his face, Lucian made his way over and knelt in front of them. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you two... Why are you two helping me?” he asked after a brief moment of hesitation.
Archie and Benny exchanged glances before breathing sighs of relief.
Phew! And here we thought Daddy knew about our secret!
“That’s because you treat Mommy and Essie really well!” Benny said in the sweetest voice possible.
Lucian glared at the two of them in an attempt to determine if they were telling the truth.
Unfortunately for him, he didn’t know them all that well, so he couldn’t tell if they were lying or not.
After staring intensely at them for a few minutes, Lucian retracted his gaze skeptically and stood up straight. “It’s getting late. I'll take care of your mommy, so you two can go to bed now.”
The kids nodded obediently and left the room, feeling incredibly relieved that they were able to avoid further questioning.
Since Lucian hardly showed any emotion, they couldn’t help but wonder how he would react after learning the truth behind their identities.
Lucian waited until the kids were gone before turning to look at Roxanne, who was fast asleep. “Even the kids can tell that I’m treating you well. What about you? How do you feel about me?” he asked while letting out a helpless sigh.
Of course, she didn’t respond since she was out cold.
Lucian then sat down on her chair on the balcony and started working on his phone.
After what seemed like forever, he heard a noise coming from the room.
Lucian quickly put his phone down and went to check on Roxanne.
For some reason, she had a deep frown on her face and seemed to be mumbling something in her sleep.
As Lucian leaned in close, he heard her saying, “Why do you keep ignoring me, Lucian? Am | not good enough for you?” Lucian tensed up as he recalled her doing something similar when they went on vacation.
| still remember how she got drunk and began mumbling about stuff that happened six years ago. Why does she keep saying this? Hmm...
After giving it some thought, Lucian found the answer to his question.
Roxanne fell head over heels for me six years ago, but | was so caught up with repaying the Pearson family’s kindness that | ignored her completely. | bet she went through the exact same pain that I’m experiencing now... Well, | suppose it makes sense that she doesn’t see how well I’m treating her right now.
With an apologetic look in his eyes, Lucian held her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.
He was about to say something when Roxanne furrowed her brows all of a sudden.
The next thing he knew, she woke up and struggled to cover her mouth with her hand, but it was too late. She then bent over the side of the bed and began vomiting.
As Roxanne instinctively tightened her grip on Lucian’s hand, he wasn’t able to back away in time and got covered in vomit. 
###Chapter 802
Chapter 802
Chapter 802 Slip Out Of The Room
At the sight of Roxanne’s pale expression, Lucian leaned in to look into her eyes with a frown. “How is it? Do you feel any better?”
In her condition, Roxanne couldn’t hear him at all. After vomiting, she collapsed onto her bed and mumbled, “Ugh, it feels terrible...”
Lucian’s heart ached for her when he heard that. After getting up to take off the shirt that she had puked on, he went out to wash his hands and poured her a cup of water for her to gargle with.
When he returned to the room, he saw Roxanne standing on her feet. She was taking off her clothes as if there was no one around. While doing so, she continued to mumble, “I... | want to shower.”
The sight of her stripping jolted Lucian back to his senses. He hurried to her side to hold her back. “Stop taking off your clothes.” Annoyed, Roxanne threw him a look of displeasure and insisted, “I want to shower. Move aside!”
While she was speaking, she began to unbuckle her bra.
Lucian quickly looked away, stunned.
By the time he turned back around, Roxanne had already stumbled her way to the bathroom door and her slender body greeted his eyes in all its glory.
Stupefied by the scene, he could only gawk.
Since | last saw her six years ago, her figure has grown even more alluring.
The drunken Roxanne had even forgotten to close the bathroom door after entering. She turned on the shower and proceeded to bathe herself.
From inside the bedroom, Lucian watched everything she was doing with dark eyes.
Seeing that she was still behaving as if there was no one around, he closed the bathroom door with a sigh before cleaning up the mess in the room.
By the time he was done, Roxanne was still inside.
Knitting his brows at the puke she had left on his body, Lucian left the room to clean himself up.
No sooner had he stepped out than Roxanne emerged from the bathroom.
By then, the shower had helped her regain most of her senses.
When she noticed that the sheets on her bed had been changed, she was still in a bit of a daze.
Nevertheless, the irritation in her throat reminded her that she had just vomited.
But why aren’t there any signs of it in the room? Instead, the room looks very clean.
In her groggy state, Lucian’s face emerged in her mind.
While | was drunk, | seemed to have heard his voice. Did he really help me...
Holding that thought, Roxanne gave her head a forceful shake, hoping to dispel the thought from her head.
No way. There’s no way he would have taken care of me like that, and he changed my sheets! | can’t even imagine him changing his own sheets.
At that thought, Roxanne nipped that possibility in the bud.
However, she still couldn’t figure out who it was who had taken care of her.
Finally, she gave up guessing. After having had a lot to drink, she could still feel her head spinning.
Sleep was the only thing on her mind.
As a strong sense of drowsiness struck her, Roxanne turned off the lights in the room and went to bed.
When Lucian came out of the bathroom and saw that the lights in Roxanne’s room had been turned off, he checked on her out of concern. Only when he saw her soundly asleep did he quietly slip out of the room. 
###Chapter 803
Chapter 803
Chapter 803 Fly Into A Rage
Before he left, Lucian went to the children’s room to check on them.
As soon as he opened the door, he saw them chatting while holding a laptop in their arms.
At the sight of him, the boys closed the laptop and gave him a self-conscious look. “Mr. Farwell, what brings you here? Is Mommy all right?”
Lucian was still wearing the shirt Roxanne had puked on as he had no change of clothes, but his jacket managed to hide the dirty shirt from view.
Looking at their anxious expressions, Lucian asked with a frown, “It’s getting late. Why aren't you asleep?”
The boys exchanged glances. “We'll go to sleep right away.”
There was no way they would tell him that their concern over whether their parents would argue was what keeping them awake.
Regarding them inquisitively, Lucian said in a deep voice, “Your mommy is already asleep. I'll be heading home now. You boys should go to bed soon.”
After that, he reminded them, “Don’t tell your mommy about what happened tonight.”
Despite agreeing to Lucian’s request, the boys were filled with disappointment.
They had initially hoped that Lucian would take care of their mother for the entire night, and when Roxanne saw him when she woke up, she would definitely be touched.
Unfortunately, their father was about to leave, and he even forbade them from telling their mother about it.
At the rate they’re going, when will Daddy and Mommy ever reconcile?
Only after making sure the children were asleep did Lucian leave.
By the time he returned to the Farwell residence, Estella was already in dreamland.
After changing his clothes, Lucian went to check on her.
Estella, who had been missing her father, did not sleep well and woke up the instant he entered her room. She rubbed her eyes and looked groggily in the direction of the door.
Lucian walked up to her bed and gave her hair a gentle tousle. “Did | wake you up?”
Estella shook her head, then wrinkled her nose as she sniffed the air. She looked up at her father with concern and asked, “Daddy, were you out drinking?”
Lucian was stunned by her question. He lowered his head to smell himself and realized he was indeed reeking of alcohol.
My clothes were probably tainted by the smell inside the car.
Estella maintained her curious look at him.
Meeting her eyes, Lucian explained casually, “It belongs to Ms. Jarvis.”
His explanation jolted Estella awake. She tugged at Lucian’s sleeve and asked anxiously, “Did Ms. Jarvis drink a lot? Daddy, why aren't you taking care of her at her place?”
Lucian sighed inwardly in resignation, for he had almost forgotten how much Estella cared about Roxanne.
“| came home after tucking Ms. Jarvis in. She’s already asleep.”
Still, Estella wasn’t satisfied with his answer. “But what if she doesn’t feel well when she wakes up? Daddy, you should have waited until she wakes up tomorrow morning before coming home.”
Lucian simply chuckled and shook his head without commenting any further.
It's not like | don’t want to, but if she sees me tomorrow morning, she’ll remember that she stripped herself naked in front of me. When that happens, I’m afraid she will fly into a rage out of embarrassment. | might as well let her think that whatever happened was nothing but a dream.
Faced with his silence, Estella began complaining about how bad he was at courting Roxanne. Soon, her rambling voice began drifting away, and her eyes could no longer stay open.
Until she fell asleep, Lucian didn’t explain a thing. 
###Chapter 804
Chapter 804
Chapter 804 | Cannot Remember Too
The next morning, Roxanne woke up feeling disorientated and was gripped by a splitting headache.
The room reeked of alcohol.
When memories of the night before gradually returned to her, she could only recall drinking a lot at the celebration party Jack had organized and Jack offering to send her home.
However, that was where her memories ended.
Logically speaking, the room should be in a mess after | drank so much. But now, it looks spick and span instead. If it wasn’t for the stench of alcohol, | wouldn’t have believed that | was drunk last night.
As Roxanne stepped out of bed in bafflement, she accidentally stepped on something.
Lowering her head, she was greeted by the sight of her clothes strewn all over the floor.
She furrowed her brows at the sight of them and felt as if she had forgotten something important.
Despite racking her brain for a long time, she couldn’t remember anything and felt her headache worsen instead.
Finally, she gave up trying to recall the previous night's events and went to take a shower.
Upon emerging from the bathroom, she heard a series of careful knocks on the door.
She opened the door and was greeted by Archie and Benny, who looked extremely concerned.
“Mommy, how are you feeling?” The children looked at her anxiously.
Roxanne smiled and reassured them, “I’m fine. | just have a light headache.”
Then, struck by a sudden thought, she asked, “How did | come home last night?”
After exchanging a quick glance, the boys responded in their piping voices, “Mr. Farwell brought you home.”
Lucian?
Ahint of surprise flashed across Roxanne’s eyes.
| only remember Jack offering to send me home. How did Lucian end up doing so?
“When did he leave?” Roxanne probed further when she failed to recall the events after the effects of the alcohol took over. Remembering their father’s instructions, the boys replied reluctantly, “Um, he left after sending you back to your room.”
Only then did Roxanne heave a sigh of relief.
Thank God. At the very least, he didn’t see me at my worst. It’s just that...
“Did someone watch over me last night?” Roxanne remained unconvinced.
The question ignited a sparkle in the boys’ eyes. Thinking that their mother had remembered something, they gave her a wide- eye stare while waiting for her to guess.
Contrary to their expectations, Roxanne scratched her nose and speculated, “Was it your Aunt Madilyn who stayed back?” Archie’s and Benny’s eyes darkened. They shook their heads and begrudgingly took credit for it. “We gave you some water and something for the hangover.”
Are they saying no one took care of me last night?
Roxanne was just as puzzled as before.
The room is so clean. Did | clean it out of my subconscious obsession with cleanliness despite my drunken state?
She wondered if she was just imagining things because she couldn’t help but notice the awkward expression on the children’s faces.
“Mommy, do you still remember how you met Mr. Farwell?” Desperately maintaining their cool, the boys changed the topic by getting the burning question off their chests.
Throughout the night, they had been itching to know how Lucian had found Roxanne.
However, Roxanne was just as clueless as they were. All she could manage was an awkward smile. “I... | can’t remember too.” Roxanne was utterly embarrassed by the fact that she was unaware of how she was brought home despite being an adult.
| must check with Jack the next time | see him.
Lucky for her, the boys didn’t probe further. They expressed concern for her well-being instead. 
###Chapter 805
Chapter 805
Chapter 805 How Are You Feeling
Roxanne chatted with her sons as they descended the stairs together.
In the middle of breakfast, they heard the sudden ring of the doorbell.
The boys looked up, their eyes filled with anticipation. Thinking it was their father who had come to see their mother, they snuck a glance at the door.
Roxanne, baffled by the boys’ sudden delight, got up to open the door.
“Roxanne.” Standing at the door was Madilyn, who craned her neck to peek inside as if she was looking for someone when the door opened.
Roxanne was about to check with Madilyn about last night when the boys hurried over and looked up smilingly at their godmother.
“Aunt Madilyn, have you had breakfast? Do you want to join us?”
Madilyn had wanted to ask when Lucian left, but the boys interrupted her. She bent down to tousle their hair and declined with a smile, “I'll pass. | need to go to work. You boys enjoy yourself.”
She then turned her attention to her best friend. “How do you feel? Are you having a bad hangover? | saw you drinking a lot last night.”
Roxanne reassured her, “I’m fine, other than a minor headache. Anyway, it should be easily cured with a day’s worth of rest.” Hearing that, Madilyn nodded with relief and did not ask any further question.
Truth be told, she had to work an additional shift that day. With the hospital calling incessantly to pester her, she could only drop by briefly on her way to work.
Upon learning that Roxanne was fine, she said a short goodbye before driving away.
Once their godmother was out of sight, both the boys heaved a sigh of relief.
That was close. Aunt Madilyn almost let it slip.
Even though Lucian’s actions didn’t make sense to them, the boys believed that their father must have had his reasons.
After all, Lucian knew they were on his side and wouldn't have gotten them to keep the secret unless he deemed it necessary. With Madilyn’s car gone, the increasingly curious Roxanne lowered her gaze at the boys.
If I'm not mistaken, Madilyn seemed to be looking for someone. However, the kids noticed it before she said anything. That's why they were so anxious to change the topic. I’m sure they must be hiding something from me.
Knowing that she might not get to the truth even if she asked, Roxanne decided not to pursue the matter. After they were done with breakfast, she sent them to the kindergarten.
Upon their arrival, they saw Estella holding Lucian’s hand at the entrance.
The sight of Lucian triggered a strange feeling within Roxanne.
She wondered if it was just her imagination, but she vaguely remembered hearing his voice the night before.
“Ms. Jarvis.”
Estella’s piping voice jolted her back to her senses, and she looked down at the former with a smile.
Estella raised her head and looked at Roxanne with concern. “Ms. Jarvis, how are you feeling?”
Roxanne was thrown into confusion by how abrupt the question was.
“Daddy said that you had a lot to drink last night,” Estella said innocently.
Roxanne looked at Lucian hesitatingly, briefly stunned.
Lucian had on a calm look. “She caught the smell of alcohol on me, so | told her about it.”
Not expecting Lucian to explain himself to her, Roxanne was taken aback for a few seconds. Then she turned to Estella and replied softly, “Thank you for your concern, Essie. I’m feeling a lot better now.”
Relieved, Estella responded with an obedient nod. 
###Chapter 806
Chapter 806
Chapter 806 Opposing Emotions
After watching the children enter the kindergarten, Roxanne turned to Lucian with mixed emotions and started, “The boys told me that it was you who sent me home last night.”
Lucian nodded noncommittally. He averted his gaze from her and looked to the side as if nothing had happened. In truth, he couldn’t help recalling the scene from the night before at the sight of her face.
Roxanne trailed his gaze, only to see his car that was parked by the roadside. Thinking that he was in a hurry to leave, she decided to get straight to the point. “Can you tell me how we ran into each other last night?”
Lucian’s face turned cold when Roxanne mentioned their encounter. “We happened to run into each other in the hotel elevator.” Even though he didn’t describe how he had wrestled her away from Jack’s arms, Roxanne had no trouble imagining it.
Given his temper, he must've been infuriated to see me together with Jack. It goes without saying that something unpleasant must have happened between them.
Nonetheless, what surprised her this time was that Lucian didn’t probe further about her relationship with Jack. When the thought struck her, a peculiar feeling arose from within, causing her to recall their conversation the day before.
Lucian must be trying to stop me from going to the contract signing ceremony because he and Jack are competitors. And that must be the reason he showed up at the hotel. It was just that he had arrived too late. Is the conclusion of the matter the reason he no longer cares about my relationship with Jack?
Holding that thought, Roxanne felt slighted for some reason. Nevertheless, she kept her emotions to herself and expressed her gratitude flatly instead. “Thank you for sending me home, Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian nodded with a frown.
Just thinking about the image of her and Jack together angered him. However, when he saw her face, he couldn’t help but be reminded of the scene from the night before.
Overwhelmed by the clash of opposing emotions, Lucian couldn't bring himself to question her any further.
All of a sudden, an inexplicable tension emerged between the two of them.
Upon collecting her thoughts, Roxanne gave him a distant smile. “If there’s nothing else, I'll be on my way, then.”
With that, she walked past Lucian without giving him a chance to react.
Lucian’s eyes darkened, but he didn’t stop her. It wasn’t until her footsteps could barely be heard that he finally returned to his car.
On the way to the research institute, Roxanne felt unsettled as her mind kept dwelling upon her conversation with Lucian and his attitude toward her.
In the past, he would have stopped me and said something if | were to leave just like that. But this time, he didn’t. As for his attitude toward me and Jack, he doesn’t look like he cares anymore. In fact, he didn’t even bother questioning me any further. Also, while | spoke to him, he seemed to be in a hurry to leave as if he was trying to avoid me.
Roxanne felt the irony when she recalled Lucian’s declaration that he wanted to pursue her.
After all, she had been stuck in a dilemma for a long time and had even considered if she should accept him.
However, she now realized that she had been a fool to have taken him seriously.
In fact, she couldn't help but laugh at herself for wondering whether Lucian had stayed back to take care of her the night before.
From the looks of his attitude earlier, how is it possible that he bothered to show me any concern? 
###Chapter 807
Chapter 807
Chapter 807 More Difficult
The moment she arrived at the research institute, she received a call from Jack. She schooled her emotions and answered her phone. “Mr. Damaris, what can | do for you?”
Roxanne’s voice reminded him of the incident last night. “Nothing really. | just want to seek your opinion on something. Herbscape Group hopes you can take on the role of technical advisor for them. | think you’re up for it, but what are your thoughts?”
Roxanne was stunned by the proposal. It took her a few seconds to agree with a smile. “Since it’s something you and Herbscape Group want, | naturally won’t say no.”
Jack chuckled. “I’m glad to hear that.” After discussing some details, both of them ended the call. When Roxanne put her phone aside, an avalanche of emotions descended upon her again.
According to Jack, my assistance is crucial to the collaboration between Damaris Group and Herbscape Group. Now that | have agreed to take on the role of technical advisor, Lucian would probably be angry with me again when he found out about it.
Realizing what was going through her mind, Roxanne put an end to such thoughts and laughed self-deprecatingly at herself.
The matter has been settled, and the competition between Lucian and Jack has ended. Why would he continue to be involved with me?
Meanwhile, Lucian didn’t return to Farwell Group. Instead, he drove straight to Queen Group to see Jonathan, intending to discuss the matter related to Herbscape Group with him.
Jonathan stood up and greeted Lucian with a nod when he saw him making his entrance. “I heard that Herbscape Group has signed the contract with Damaris Group last night. Our plan to takeover Herbscape Group has failed.”
Lucian took a seat opposite him, looking solemn. “Other than Herbscape Group, do you have your eye on any other pharmaceutical companies?”
Since Jonathan’s expertise was in the medical industry, Lucian would usually seek out the former’s opinion on such matters.
After pondering upon the question, Jonathan gave a helpless shrug. “In Horington, there’s no other company | can think of other than Herbscape Group. That’s the only company that will bring us the biggest benefit with a takeover.”
As soon as he said that, both their expressions turned grim. Jonathan’s conclusion was that they had no other choice other than Herbscape Group.
However, now that the company had signed a contract with Damaris Group, negotiating a takeover had become significantly more difficult.
“If we fail to acquire Herbscape Group, our project will be put in a disadvantageous position,” Jonathan said matter-of-factly.
Lucian nodded in understanding, then began to think of other ways. They had spent a lot of time negotiating the contract clauses with Herbscape Group before obtaining the latter’s agreement. Yet, Damaris Group swooping in suddenly had caused Herbscape Group to renege on the contract.
Now that Herbscape Group and Damaris Group had established a partnership that was well publicized, the chances of acquiring the former were as good as none.
All of a sudden, Jonathan suggested, “Um... How about | get another company to negotiate a partnership with Damaris Group? We can learn about the price Herbscape Group asked for. Then, if we lower our asking price, we may be able to induce Damaris Group into breaking the contract with Herbscape Group, which will create an opening for us to continue negotiating the takeover. In fact, we may even be able to do so at a lower price.”
In the event Herbscape Group was abandoned by Damaris Group, they could use it as a talking point. Moreover, it was Herbscape Group that had reneged on the contract first. They were naturally in their debt for doing so. If takeover talks were to be revived, Herbscape Group would definitely feel pressured to give in.
Jonathan beamed with pride over his idea that was capable of killing two birds with one stone when he finished. 
###Chapter 808
Chapter 808
Chapter 808 The One Bothering Him
Lucian, however, furrowed his brows tightly upon listening to his best friend's words. Faced with Lucian’s lack of response, Jonathan urged anxiously, “Our project is about to get up to speed, and Herbscape Group is an extremely important piece. If we can’t acquire them, we'll have no choice but to back out and wait for the next opportunity.”
That was Jonathan’s attempt at questioning Lucian. It was one thing for Queen Group to give up, but Farwell Group had never backed out of anything before.
Given their status in Horington, Farwell Group had always gotten their way regardless of the situation. Plenty of companies clamored to collaborate with them.
Unexpectedly, with a brazenness that came out of nowhere, not only did Herbscape Group dare to bargain with Farwell Group, but they even canceled the contract at the very last stage.
If it was any other company, Lucian would have already taught them a painful lesson. However, Lucian didn’t react at all this time. He seemed to have prepared to accept the loss without any retribution.
Jonathan was frustrated by that thought. “Lucian, what’s on your mind? Why don’t you put Herbscape Group in their place? What is it that has been worrying you for so long? | heard—"
Before Jonathan could finish, Lucian interrupted, “To have been chosen as the heir of the Damaris family, Jack is certainly no fool. If even you can tell that Herbscape Group is the best candidate, why would he give it up over some short-term profit?”
Jonathan thought there was something not right about Lucian’s words. What does he mean by “even | can tell”? Does he think that I’m inferior to Jack?
The thought filled Jonathan with rage. “So what if he can tell? When it comes down to it, Queen Group is still the largest pharmaceutical company in Horington. If we hadn't gotten involved in this project, Queen Group would have already secured the contract to supply the medication.”
If Jack really wasn’t a fool, he would have worked with Queen Group instead.
Reading between the lines, Lucian knew that his friend was throwing a tantrum. Despite that, he proceeded to expose him mercilessly. “It’s precisely because Jack is smart that he has chosen not to work with Queen Group. Based on Queen Group’s influence, it wouldn't be a surprise if they wanted a lion’s share of the profits, making any negotiations with Damaris Group difficult. On the contrary, Herbscape Group would be desperate to work with them and willing to make significant concessions just to secure the partnership.”
Jonathan gradually calmed down. He sighed in exasperation when he thought about the stupid comment he had just made.
“It's true that | had my eye on Herbscape Group for the same reason. Furthermore, they have one major advantage over Queen Group.”
His words elicited a baffled look from Lucian. In a steady tone, Jonathan said, “Herbscape Group is not only involved in traditional medicine but is also skilled in many
techniques of modern medicine. Compared to them, Queen Group is focused solely on traditional medicine, and that must be the reason why Damaris Group has chosen to work with them.”
However, the only mystery left was what Damaris Group had offered Herbscape Group to induce them into reneging on the contract with Farwell Group.
Despite having done his own research on Herbscape Group, Lucian wasn’t aware of the actual reason Jonathan had chosen the company.
Therefore, when the importance of acquiring Herbscape Group dawned upon him, Lucian couldn't help but furrow his brows. “Now that the collaboration between Herbscape Group and Damaris Group has been settled, we should take more time to discuss our plans for the acquisition.”
Evidently, a solution was out of reach in the short term.
Furthermore, that issue wasn’t the one that was bothering him the most. 
###Chapter 809
Chapter 809
Chapter 809 Deteriorating Relationship
After giving Lucian an indifferent nod, Jonathan looked at his friend in a thoughtful manner. “I heard that Dr. Jarvis has not only participated in the collaboration between Damaris Group and Herbscape Group, but the latter has also offered her the role of technical advisor. | wonder what her thoughts about the matter are.”
That was the first time Lucian had heard about it. His heart clenched, and his already gloomy expression darkened further. “I don’t know.”
He had thought that Roxanne would be more cautious after he had revealed to her how Jack had snatched Herbscape Group away from him the day before.
Yet little did he expect Herbscape Group to directly approach Roxanne to be their technical advisor. As the possibility of her agreeing to it crossed his mind, Lucian couldn’t help but feel incensed.
Jonathan was surprised by the drastic change in Lucian’s expression. “Lucian, have you not succeeded in your pursuit of Dr. Jarvis?”
When Lucian simply shot him a glance without denying it, Jonathan couldn’t help feeling what a shame it was.
With how eligible he is, he could’ve had any woman he wanted. Instead, not only he insisted on keeping his eye on Roxanne, but he also failed in his pursuit despite all the effort he expended.
Jonathan cleared his throat, suppressed the surprise within him, and commented with a smile, “Well, you were at fault six years ago. It only makes sense for Dr. Jarvis to resent you for it.”
The mere mention of the past made Lucian scowl.
The two times Roxanne had gotten drunk had shown him how much hurt he had inflicted upon her six years ago.
He no longer felt the right to complain about her resentment toward him and the distance she had placed between them. All he wanted to do now was to make amends.
Having innocently assumed that Lucian had made progress in his pursuit, Jonathan had simply wanted to tease his friend. But to his surprise, he ended up rubbing salt in Lucian’s wound.
In response to Lucian’s reaction, Jonathan scratched his nose awkwardly. “Don’t worry about it. Even if you have made a mistake, there’s always a chance to redeem yourself. As long as you seize the opportunity, Dr. Jarvis will surely forgive you.”
“How do | redeem myself?”
Jonathan was stunned. He didn’t expect Lucian to take his casual remark seriously.
How do you redeem yourself? How would | know what happened between the two of you?
Since he had inadvertently brought up the difficult topic, Jonathan had no choice but to force himself to come up with a solution. “Since you hurt Dr. Jarvis six years ago and want her to forgive you for it, you obviously need to let her feel that you love her.” “But | already did as you said.”
Lucian had been given her flowers and confessing his feelings for her. On top of that, he even had the three children help him behind the scenes.
Yet, Roxanne refused to believe in his feelings for her. In fact, when they had gone their separate ways in the morning, he could feel that their relationship seemed to have deteriorated.
The worst part was Lucian didn’t even know what the problem was. Jonathan almost choked on himself.
When it comes to pursuing women, | am still superior to this hard-hearted friend of mine despite my lack of experience. Also, | have the advantage of having a sister. All this while, Frieda has always been very popular and has plenty of suitors.
With that thought in mind, Jonathan began to rack his brains to recall what those men had done while courting his sister. 
###Chapter 810
Chapter 810
Chapter 810 Do Not Let It Bother You
After giving it much thought, Jonathan came to a brazen conclusion. “What you have done so far isn’t enough.” Lucian cocked a brow. “I only followed what you said.”
Jonathan was rendered speechless by the snarky response. He was filled with the urge to remind Lucian who it was who needed help.
However, when he recalled that Lucian’s demeanor would inherently make him bad at courtship, he decided to shoulder the blame. “That’s because the methods | shared with you weren’t enough,” he said in resignation.
“What else can | do?” Lucian looked at him in puzzlement. Roxanne’s attitude in the morning made him feel uneasy. He wanted to improve the dynamics of their relationship as soon as possible.
Scratching his nose, Jonathan suggested, “You know, women like romantic stuff. You can consider doing something romantic that will move her.” Something romantic?
Lucian thought back to the recent interactions he had with Roxanne. Come to think of it, | don’t remember doing anything romantic. | might have, but | certainly wasn’t aware of it.
“For example, while out shopping, you can surprise her with a gift when she’s not looking. Or... you can even organize a romantic dinner with her.”
Knowing that Lucian had no inkling of how to be romantic, Jonathan solemnly quoted a few examples. However, Lucian glowered at his suggestions. “I’m not doing that.”
There’s no way | can bring myself to do something like that. Besides, Roxanne would probably see through me and end up doubting my sincerity instead.
His reaction filled Jonathan with exasperation. “Whatever it is, the point is to be romantic. If those two methods don’t suit you, you can always try something else. If you continue to sit on your hands, there’s no way Dr. Jarvis is ever going to forgive you. You should sleep on it.”
He tried his very best to come up with suggestions, but all of them were shot down by Lucian. At the rate the latter was going, he would soon run out of ideas.
Upon hearing his friend's words, Lucian pinched the space between his brows.
Since I’m the one who wants to make it up to her, | should come up with my own ideas.
Nonetheless, Lucian still couldn’t figure out what sort of gestures were considered romantic.
Suppressing the anger within him, Jonathan advised, “At this point, you should just drop your airs in front of her. | have seen how
badly she has treated you before, but it could have been worse. If you don’t do anything about it, both of you will stay this way forever.”
He patted Lucian on his back and added, “This isn’t more difficult than doing business, and you have nothing to lose. If you really want Dr. Jarvis to forgive you, you have to give it a try no matter what.”
Apeculiar sensation swelled within Lucian, and he eventually nodded in acknowledgment. “Okay. I'll do it.”
Hearing that, Jonathan heaved a sigh of relief and sought to make up for his earlier mistake. “Even if Dr. Jarvis agrees to take on the role of technical advisor, that’s still just her job. Don’t let it bother you.”
Lucian knitted his brows and nodded as he recalled their conversation earlier.
Only then did a smile spread across Jonathan’s face, and they continued discussing the matter related to Herbscape Group. 
###Chapter 811
Chapter 811
Chapter 811 Stupid Things
“Ms. Queen, you—” Meanwhile, in front of Jonathan’s office, his assistant was looking at the sly woman in front of him. He was about to ask a question when he noticed that she had signaled for him to be quiet.
As such, the assistant could only hold his tongue. Frieda turned to put her ear against the door, eavesdropping on the conversation going on inside.
Her initial plan was to have a chat with her brother to ask when she could have her right to speak in Queen Group restored. However, she did not expect to hear such shocking news.
Lucian is truly set on wooing Roxanne! If that’s the case, there is a deeper reason behind Lucian and Roxanne’s meetings. | saw them together with my own eyes!
Based on what Jonathan is saying, Roxanne never agreed to it, and Lucian seems to mind what Roxanne is doing with Jack...
Frieda’s expression grew even darker the more she listened. All this while, her stance on the matter had been quite clear. She did not think very highly of Roxanne.
But to her surprise, her own brother was involved in making plans with Lucian on how to win Roxanne over. Does Jonathan still remember that Lucian is engaged?
After a while, she could hear footsteps heading her way. Frieda immediately came back to her senses and quickly retreated by two steps, pretending to have only just arrived.
Seeing that it was Lucian who had emerged from inside the room, Frieda greeted him with a smile, “Lucian! What brings you here?”
Lucian merely nodded at her coldly, then turned around and walked away. Seeing how cold Lucian was to her, Frieda was displeased.
After all, she grew up together with Jonathan and Lucian, yet the way Lucian treated her was different from the way he treated her brother.
Ever since that woman has shown up, Lucian has been ignoring me! It's all because of Roxanne that b*tch!
Just as she was annoyed, Jonathan’s voice suddenly rang out from inside the office. “Why are you daydreaming by the doorway?”
That immediately shook Frieda out of her stupor. She suppressed her rage and quickly put on a smile before walking inside. “Why did you suddenly decide to come to the office?” asked Jonathan, arching a brow.
Frieda replied in a sweet voice, “Jonathan, I’ve been stuck at home for too long. When can | come back to work?”
Jonathan furrowed his brows slightly and said, “I have no say in the matter. | think you should bring this up to Grandpa.”
Even if he had a say in this, Jonathan had no intention of letting her return so soon.
Since what happened the last time, Jonathan had been worried about Frieda’s behavior. He was concerned that Frieda would use her power for personal gains, such as making things difficult for Roxanne by using the Queen family’s reputation.
If she were to do that again, it would be akin to going against Lucian.
The smile on Frieda’s face immediately vanished after she heard what her brother said, leaving behind only her unmasked rage. “You're barring my return because you're worried I'll target Roxanne, aren’t you?”
Seeing how she was so self-aware, Jonathan frowned slightly and said nothing.
With her current behavior, the previous incident would definitely reoccur if she was allowed to return.
Frieda looked at Jonathan and said angrily, “You're all defending that b*tch! Even Grandpa is in on this!”
She paused and suddenly recalled what she had heard. Her expression turned cold. “You're even helping Lucian woo her! Have you forgotten that Aubree is his actual fiancée?”
Jonathan did not expect Frieda to overhear the conversation he just had with Lucian. His face turned gloomy, and he warned icily, “You shouldn't interfere with the Farwell family and the Pearson family’s affairs. Who Lucian chooses to be with is also no concern of ours. I’d suggest that you stop doing stupid things in the future!” 
###Chapter 812
Chapter 812
Chapter 812 How Did You Find Out
Frieda was already annoyed. The lecture she had just received from Jonathan made her expression contort even more. “I think you're the one who's doing stupid things!”
With that, she looked daggers at Jonathan before turning around to leave the office in a huff. So my own brother has turned against me, eh? | guess | have to see Aubree about this!
Even | can tell that Mrs. Farwell wants Aubree to be her daughter-in-law. | remember that she even took it upon herself to get rid of Roxanne the last time.
Lucian is trying to woo Roxanne now, but he hasn’t even break off his engagement. The outcome of this tussle between Aubree and Roxanne is quite obvious. Aubree will be the rightful daughter-in-law of the Farwell family.
Jonathan is helping Roxanne that b*tch. He even said that my trying to help Aubree is a stupid thing to do. | think Jonathan has truly lost the plot here. He’s out of his mind!
Jonathan could feel his head throbbing as he stared at his sister’s retreating figure. After leaving Queen Group, Frieda immediately dialed Aubree’s number.
Aubree was still staying with Sonya. That day, Sonya had errands to run, so Aubree was left alone, listlessly changing channels on the television.
Upon noticing Frieda’s name flashing on her phone, Aubree immediately sat up. “Frieda? What is it?” “Aubree!” Frieda sounded extremely aggrieved.
Ahint of impatience flashed across Aubree’s eyes. However, her tone of voice conveyed nothing but concern as she asked, “What happened? Did someone bully you?”
This only served to make Frieda feel more wronged than ever. With a huff, she replied, “It's my brother!” Aubree arched a brow. “What did he do?”
Frieda bit her lip. “Are you available to meet in person? It’s important that | tell you this face-to-face. I'll meet you at Happy Baker Café.”
Aubree then agreed, albeit with a slight frown. The only thing they usually talked about was the Farwell family. As such, what Frieda wanted to say must have had to do with the Farwell family.
Thinking of this, Aubree immediately picked up her bag, raced downstairs, and made her way to the café Frieda had told her about.
When she arrived, Frieda was already seated by the window. Aubree could tell that she was sulking as she sipped her coffee. One could almost assume that she was sulking while having a drink of alcohol.
Seeing how annoyed Frieda was, Aubree could feel her heart sink. She hastily walked over and sat facing Frieda, asking, “What is it? You don’t look so good.”
Frieda only lowered the cup from her lips after hearing Aubree’s voice, her face full of displeasure. “Lucian has been pursuing Roxanne lately!”
Aubree was stunned, overwhelmed by the gravity of the information. But she still forced herself to maintain her look of calm as she asked, “How did you find out?”
Aubree had always known that Lucian treated Roxanne differently, but it was out of character for Lucian to behave in such a manner that would make Frieda use the word “pursue.”
What is so good about this b*tch anyway?
Frieda met Aubree’s gaze as she said, “I heard it myself. My brother was discussing this with Lucian, and Lucian denied nothing. He even asked what he could do better.”
Aubree could no longer hold back the smile on her face. Lucian has never been humbled to this extent. | can’t believe he would ask for help over a woman. He never behaved like this because of me six years ago!
Frieda went on, “On top of that, Roxanne seems to be rejecting his advances. | really don’t know what's so desirable about her, seeing how Lucian is relentless in his pursuit!” 
###Chapter 813
Chapter 813
Chapter 813 This Is Nothing
Aubree frowned slightly. “And how did you find out about this?” From her point of view, they had to have been together a long time ago. When Frieda had snapped a photo of them going to the theatre, Aubree had been very jealous.
But now, according to Frieda, the two had not actually gotten together. If they were to get together, | wonder how well Lucian would treat that b*tch! The very thought of this drove Aubree up the wall.
Frieda merely rolled her eyes. “If Roxanne had accepted Lucian’s advances, why would he be asking Jonathan for advice on how to woo her? I’m guessing that the issue between them hasn’t been resolved.”
Recalling something, she continued, “I also heard Jonathan say that Roxanne wants to be the technical advisor for Herbscape Group, and now Lucian is upset. Herbscape Group was initially going to sign an agreement with Farwell Group but lost out to Damaris Group.”
Aubree was finally convinced, given how Frieda had described everything so vividly and in detail. Thinking that Roxanne had yet to accept Lucian’s advances, Aubree felt somewhat delighted.
As long as they were not together, she still had a chance.
Moreover, from what Frieda had mentioned, they still had some unresolved issues between them.
Frieda soon piped up again, saying, “Since Roxanne doesn’t know what's good for her, | think it won’t be easy even if Lucian is hell-bent on making her his. Aubree, you need to find a way to get rid of her once and for all! It’s all because of that b*tch! Now, both Lucian and Jonathan have been treating me a lot worse!”
Aubree smiled at Frieda in an attempt to calm her down. “I wish | could do that. But we need to come up with a plan first. Why is Lucian upset at Roxanne? | think you mentioned this earlier.”
“| think it's because Roxanne wants to be the technical advisor for Herbscape Group. Roxanne is also pretty close to Mr. Damaris. There was a big public uproar about this the last time, but she has yet to clarify anything.”
Aubree felt her heart stir as a hint of coldness flashed in her eyes. “I know what needs to be done now. Thank you for reminding
me. Frieda was bewildered by this response and wished to ask her more, but Aubree gave her no chance to speak.
“Haven't you always liked that limited edition purse | have? I'll give it to you when | get back. Think of it as a little thank you present for reminding me,” said Aubree with a smile.
When Aubree brought up the purse, Frieda immediately forgot about Roxanne in her excitement. “Really? But | know you like
that purse very much as well...”
Aubree flashed a pretentious smile. “Why are we putting a distance between each other like this? If you hear anything about Lucian and that b*tch again, remember to report it to me immediately. When | do marry into the Farwell family, a purse like this is nothing.”
Frieda agreed without hesitation. “You're so kind to me, Aubree!” Aubree merely smiled absent-mindedly, thoughts of how to get rid of Roxanne filling her head.
If not for Frieda’s reminder, she had nearly forgotten about the public uproar. Even Jessica had gone out of her way to give her a call.
| think the conflict between Roxanne and Jessica is caused by Roxanne’s ambiguous relationship with Jack.
If Lucian finds out that things are not so innocent between Roxanne and Jack, | wonder if he'll still put in so much effort in wooing her...
Acold glint flashed across Aubree’s eyes. 
###Chapter 814
Chapter 814
Chapter 814 Illusion
Roxanne remained oblivious to what Aubree was plotting. Estella, on the other hand, desperately wished for Roxanne to accept her father’s affection for her.
For several days, Estella would pester Catalina to teach her how to bake a cake when she returned from school.
Catalina naturally wanted to know where the interest came from. However, the little girl refused to explain, and instead, she would respond with a shy smile each time.
Catalina’s heart melted when she looked at Estella’s expression, so she decided to fulfill the girl’s request. She had thought that Estella was just learning how to bake for fun.
After all, Estella was so small that she could not even reach the countertop. She needed to use a stool, which made the activity quite inconvenient.
However, to her surprise, Estella had learned how to bake quite decently in just a few days. Early in the morning, when the weekend approached, Estella waited for Lucian at his bedroom door.
“Daddy!” Lucian had just opened the door when he heard Estella’s cute voice. When he looked at Estella, he noticed that excitement was written all over her face.
“What is it?” asked Lucian. The little girl tugged at his sleeve as she said, “Let's go see Ms. Jarvis! | have not thanked her yet!”
At the mention of Roxanne, Lucian knitted his brows. Since his chat with Jonathan about her, he had yet to pay Roxanne a visit. He had also not thought of any romantic gestures.
Knowing that Estella wanted to see Roxanne, Lucian was put in a difficult position. Estella continued to tug at his sleeve expectantly, signalling that she wanted him to follow her downstairs.
Estella was so weak that she huffed and puffed with all her might. Even her face had turned red from the exertion. Lucian frowned helplessly and helped Estella support herself by holding her arm. Then, at Estella’s pace, the pair walked down the stairs.
However, when they got to the bottom, Estella’s feet showed no signs of stopping. Instead, she pulled him toward the door. It seemed that if Lucian did not agree to take her to see Roxanne, she was not going to give up.
Lucian was rendered with no other option. All he could do was comply with her wishes, and the pair soon drove toward Roxanne’s house in his car.
Throughout the journey, Estella did not stop chattering about what she wanted to do when she saw Roxanne. Lucian did not really pay attention to her. His mind was occupied by thoughts of how he was going to face Roxanne.
They had met and parted under unpleasant circumstances, and some time had passed since they had seen each other. He did not know if her anger had abated yet.
After half an hour, Lucian slowly pulled into Roxanne’s driveway. Lucian got out of the car and carried Estella down. Without waiting for him, Estella rushed toward Roxanne’s door. The little girl pushed the doorbell enthusiastically and knocked on the door, hoping that the inhabitants inside could hear her.
At that moment, Roxanne and her sons were having breakfast.
They heard sounds coming from the door, but it was so gentle and soft that they thought it was merely an illusion.
Soon after, the doorbell rang.
Roxanne frowned slightly before getting up to open the door.
“Ms. Jarvis!”
Estella’s cute voice rang out from below her as soon as she opened the door.
Roxanne smiled at the little girl and patted her head. Then she turned to look at the man next to her with mixed feelings. Immediately, the air was heavy with silence and awkwardness.
“Essie wanted to see you, so | brought her over.” Lucian was the first to break the silence.
Roxanne came back to her senses. She forced a smile, nodded, and said, “Please, come inside.” 
###Chapter 815
Chapter 815
Chapter 815 Opportunity
Roxanne stood at the doorway after the two guests entered the house, but a look of self-mockery flashed across her face. They had not seen each other for a week, so she should have already known what was on the man’s mind.
When she saw him just now, she unexpectedly had an illusion that the man was using Estella as an excuse to pay her a visit. She had nearly forgotten that whatever was between them had ended after Lucian’s competition with Jack.
Presumably, they were here today because Lucian was pestered by Estella into coming, and therefore had no choice but to agree.
Realizing that she got lost in her thoughts, Roxanne forced herself to focus and closed the door before entering the house.
In the dining room, Archie and Benny noticed that Lucian and Estella have arrived. Their little faces were filled with excitement as they asked out of concern, “Have you eaten yet, Essie?”
Estella merely shook her head.
I'm eager to come here and see Ms. Jarvis. How would | have time to eat? Even Daddy hasn't eaten yet! Seeing Estella shaking her head, the boys chorused, “Then join us!”
After saying this, the boys looked expectantly at Roxanne.
Meeting the gazes of the children, Roxanne gave them a smile and turned to look at Lucian. “I assume you've not eaten yet, Mr. Farwell. Why don’t you sit down and grab yourself a bite to eat?”
Since their ambiguous relationship had ended, Roxanne could finally treat Lucian like her friend without having any qualms.
Astrange feeling rose in Lucian’s heart when he noticed that Roxanne had taken the initiative to invite him to partake in their meal. He tried to perceive what was on her mind through her expression, but she had already entered the kitchen.
Shortly after, Roxanne returned with extra placemats and cutlery to set the table for her two additional guests. With concern, she looked at Estella and asked, “Did you come here to play with the boys, Essie?”
The little girl shook her head without hesitation and looked earnestly at Roxanne. “I’m here to thank you, Ms. Jarvis.”
Upon hearing this, Roxanne was puzzled. She subconsciously raised her eyes to look at the man before her, wondering if he knew anything about this.
She had just raised her head to look when her gaze met Lucian’s dark eyes. It was as if he had been staring at her this whole time.
Roxanne was momentarily stunned. She clenched her fists, forcing herself to stop overthinking. Trying hard to remain composed, she looked at Estella and asked, “Is that so? What do you have to thank me for?”
“| want to thank you for treating me and Daddy’s illnesses!” came Estella’s adorable reply. “I spent ages learning how to bake a cake. | want to make one for you, Ms. Jarvis.”
As soon as Estella spoke, she looked at her father innocently and said, “Daddy can prove that | worked very hard! Didn’t |, Daddy?”
Though Estella said she wanted to express her gratitude, she had, actually, been plotting to find ways to bring Roxanne and Lucian closer together, creating more opportunities for them to be in each other’s presence.
| can’t believe Daddy doesn’t grab this golden opportunity! | guess I’ll just have to help him.
Lucian noticed that Estella had directed the conversation at him and soon understood her intentions. He nodded in cooperation. “She pestered Catalina to teach her for a whole week. Catalina said that she learned how to do it pretty well.”
Roxanne nodded awkwardly when she heard him speak, but her expression remained cheery as she turned to look at Estella. “You know how to bake? How clever!”
Archie and Benny had also caught on to the meaning behind Estella’s prompting. Excitedly, they said, “We want to learn as well! Teach us, Essie!”
Estella nodded obediently.
In a split second, the boys immediately changed their tone of voice while looking at Lucian and Roxanne with pitiful eyes. “However, we're scared of ruining Essie’s hard work. Can you help us out, Mommy and Mr. Farwell?” 
###Chapter 816
Chapter 816
Chapter 816 Earnest
After hearing what the kids had to say, Roxanne could not help but hesitate. Baking with the children meant that she could not avoid interacting with Lucian. But...
Roxanne looked at Lucian, who was seated across from her at the table. His expression seemed to be quite indifferent as if he did not really mind.
Seeing how bland his expression is now, | think it would be strange if | react too strongly or kick up a fuss. After some deliberation, Roxanne smiled at the kids and said, “All right then!”
Seeing that Roxanne was on board, the kids looked expectantly at Lucian. Lucian also nodded wordlessly. The children then let out triumphant cheers. “Yay! Let’s all bake together!”
In their haste and excitement, the children barely finished their breakfast. They took another two cursory bites before eagerly jumping off their chairs and looking at both adults.
Although Roxanne had agreed, she still felt awkward at the prospect of being in such close contact with Lucian. Subconsciously, she felt the urge to delay the activity.
Under the watchful and expectant eyes of all the children, Roxanne felt herself squirm in her seat. Finally, all she could do was get up and clear the table.
The kitchen was too small to accommodate so many people. After some thought, Roxanne decided to use the dining table instead.
The children graciously offered to help her with the dishes. When that was done, they eagerly went to the dining table and waited to start baking.
Roxanne brought out the utensils that were needed and laid them out neatly on the now-clean table.
Estella soon began to take charge as she divided the tasks between everyone present. “Daddy and Ms. Jarvis will make the actual cake. The rest of us will help to decorate it.”
Naturally, Roxanne had no ions. She soon began to work.
Lucian, on the other hand, knew nothing about baking. All he could do was stand in a corner, frowning while he watched Roxanne busy herself with the process.
“Daddy, go on! Help Ms. Jarvis!” Estella tugged at the hem of Lucian’s sleeve with disapproval written all over her face.
Lucian merely arched a brow at Estella, silently imploring that he tell her what to do.
With a deep, dramatic sigh, Estella pointed at the eggs inside the bowl, indicating that he should help Roxanne crack the eggs. Lucian nodded in understanding, reaching out to lend a hand.
Roxanne was blissfully unaware of the interaction between Lucian and Estella. However, she had coincidentally reached the stage where they had to add eggs to the mixture. As she reached out to grab an egg from the bowl, her hand accidentally brushed against Lucian’s hand.
For a moment, the two of them froze.
A few seconds later, Roxanne quickly snapped back to her senses. She retracted her hand as if she’d felt an electric shock and forced herself to calm down. Struggling to stay calm, she said, “Go ahead.”
Lucian was aware that Roxanne was avoiding him. The look in his eyes darkened, and he continued with what he set out to do without saying another word.
Very quickly, the ingredients were mixed in the mixing bowl. All that was left now was to beat the mixture.
This was going to take some time.
Roxanne used the whisk for a while but soon noticed that her arm began to ache from the beating. She then slowed down, thinking of resting for a bit.
“Il do it,” came Lucian’s voice from behind her. Roxanne was briefly startled. Before she had the time to react, Lucian had already taken the whisk from her. She could only let go and take a few steps back while Lucian continued with the whisking.
Lucian’s sleeves were rolled up high to reveal his thin and strong forearms. His well-defined brows were furrowed in a slight frown, and his lips were pursed because he had not done this before. However, he did seem quite committed.
Roxanne fell into a slight daze when she saw Lucian’s demeanor.
That being said, this must have been the first time she had seen Lucian do something with such earnestness. 
###Chapter 817
Chapter 817
Chapter 817 Try This Later
Without the two adults realizing it, the children had gathered in a circle to watch Lucian. Ever since Archie and Benny accepted Lucian as their father, they had grown more fond of him with every passing day.
Seeing how serious he was, the children looked at each other with admiration in their eyes, wondering if they were going to be as handsome and cool as their father when they grew up.
Archie and Benny then turned to look at Estella. They were not sure if they were seeing things, but Estella’s side profile bore a striking resemblance to their mother.
For a time, the atmosphere in the room was light-hearted and fun. Suddenly, the sound of Roxanne’s phone ringing broke the silence. The few of them looked inquiringly in Roxanne’s direction.
Roxanne merely smiled apologetically at the children, but the caller ID on the screen caught her eye. | wonder what Jack wants.
“| need to take this call,” said Roxanne to the children. Subconsciously, she glanced at the man who was still busy mixing the batter before walking toward the living room.
The children looked warily at Roxanne’s retreating form, wondering who it was that would call her on a weekend morning. In the living room, Roxanne promptly picked up the phone. “Mr. Damaris? What seems to be the matter?”
The distance between the dining room and the living room was not too vast, and Roxanne did not care to lower her voice. As such, everyone in the dining room could hear every word she said.
The children then turned to look at Lucian, curious about what his reaction was going to be. Lucian stopped stirring, and his brows knitted into a mild frown. At the same time, Jack’s soft voice could be heard from the other end of the line. “Are you free today, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne subconsciously directed her gaze at the dining room. When she realized what she was thinking about, she immediately turned away with a frown and asked, “Is it urgent? If so, | can make time.”
“Actually, Grandpa said he has not seen you in a while. Regarding the previous issue, he wishes to give you an apology in person. On top of that, he wants to visit your research institute. However, if you are busy, we can do this another day,” said Jack calmly.
Hearing that it was Hector who wanted to meet her, Roxanne naturally had no ions and agreed promptly. “All right, then we'll meet at the research institute in a bit.”
Jack hummed in agreement. After deciding on a time, the two of them hung up. Roxanne turned to go back to the dining room. Looking at Estella apologetically, she said, “I’m sorry, Essie. | may need to go out
for a short while.”
Estella had already overheard the conversation from earlier, but hearing Roxanne say this to her in person still made her quite disappointed. There was a prominent look of displeasure on her face as her mouth formed a little pout. “Ms. Jarvis, aren’t you going to eat the cake we’ve made?”
She had put in so much hard work and time throughout the week so that Roxanne could taste the cake she learned how to bake.
Roxanne’s heart sank when she saw how disappointed the little girl was, but she could not afford to be late. After all, it was not just Jack who was waiting for her, but Hector as well.
Thus, Roxanne could only caress Estella’s head apologetically as she suggested, “I'll eat it when | get back, okay?” However, Estella still looked quite reluctant.
Archie and Benny, who had met Jack before and heard that Roxanne had been out drinking with him the last time, were not happy either when they found out that the man wanted to take up their mother’s free time on a weekend.
“Mommy, the cake is halfway made. Why don’t we finish baking first?”
Archie and Benny then surrounded Roxanne, looking at her with pleading looks in their eyes. 
###Chapter 818
Chapter 818
Chapter 818 Half An Hour After that, the children then looked at Lucian distressedly, hoping he could say something on their behalf too.
Roxanne noticed who the children were looking at, and her gaze lingered briefly on Lucian. Seeing that the man had no intention to speak, she felt something strange welling in her heart.
“I've already agreed on a time with Mr. Damaris. | cannot be late.” Roxanne then dipped her head to look at her children, her tone sounding contrite.
The children knew there was nothing else they could do to dissuade Roxanne when they saw how adamant she was about going. Their faces were filled with disappointment.
Roxanne felt sorry for the children as she took note of their crestfallen expressions, but she knew she could not do much. She merely patted their heads and said, “When it’s done, just leave some for me so that | can taste your handiwork.”
Subsequently, Roxanne turned around to leave. She barely took two steps when she heard the man’s voice. “Since you need to go, Ms. Jarvis, maybe we'll bake this cake some other day.”
Lucian set aside the whisk, pulled down his sleeves, and looked at her derisively. “By the looks of it, your appointment with Mr. Damaris is more important than the promise you have made to the children.”
Hearing what he said, Roxanne stopped walking and turned around to look at the man in confusion.
Nonchalantly, Lucian continued, “The children have hoped that we can finish this little project with them. But since you must leave, it'll mean nothing if | stayed behind to help them.”
Lucian then glanced at the children, who looked increasingly disappointed.
Roxanne could not tell if she was imagining things, but it seemed as if the children were looking at her with resentment in their eyes.
Their expressions seemed to ask why she chose to cast them aside when they were the ones who made plans with her first.
“|...” Roxanne was at a loss for words, unsure of how to explain the situation. In the end, she tried to placate them by saying, “I’m going not because Mr. Damaris’ appointment is more important, but because this is a work-related matter. That’s why—”
Before Roxanne could finish, however, Lucian cut her off coldly by saying, “That’s why you decided to blow off your kids? You can’t keep your priorities straight? What happened to work-life balance?”
Embarrassment flashed in Roxanne’s eyes.
| only agreed to meet because | heard that Old Mr. Damaris is going to be there. | can’t keep him waiting. | didn’t mean to forget about the kids. He’s right. | did make plans with the kids first.
“I'm sorry. | was negligent, but | have to go.” Roxanne sounded very contrite as she said this. “On top of that, Old Mr. Damaris is going to be there. | cannot keep the old man waiting.”
Lucian’s expression softened at her flustered expression. In a deep voice, he said, “It'll be done in half an hour. Surely you can explain the situation to Mr. Damaris?”
Upon hearing this, the children’s expressions brightened, and they looked hopeful again.
Under the children’s expectant gazes, Roxanne hesitated briefly but still pulled out her phone and made a call to Jack, explaining the situation. She told him she was going to be thirty minutes late, but Colby would be there to receive them first.
Thankfully, Jack readily agreed.
After receiving affirmation from Jack, Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief and shuffled back into the dining room again. She patted the children on their heads and said, “I’m sorry. Let’s continue baking.”
Seeing that she was willing to stay, they obediently nodded their heads and put the cake into the oven. 
###Chapter 819
Chapter 819
Chapter 819 Abrupt Question
After the plain cake was completed, the children hastily spread the cream on it. Each child had their own idea, so Roxanne split the cake into three sections to let them decorate in their own way.
The children clearly thought of the task as something important, for they were cautious as they spread the cream.
Roxanne would glance at the time every once in a while. It was almost time for her to meet Jack, but the children were not done decorating yet.
However, she dared not urge them to hurry when she recalled the unhappy moment earlier. “I’m done!” Estella spoke first. The two boys followed soon after as they cast a look that told Roxanne they were seeking praises from her.
Roxanne tamped down the urgency she felt and flashed them a smile. She then walked over to the table and glanced at the children’s masterpieces.
The boys’ sides were a mess while Estella’s side was not. Yet, the boys were still gleeful about it.
Roxanne had no choice but to compliment them despite what she actually thought about their work. “You've done it wonderfully, my darlings.”
The children beamed. Roxanne sneaked a glance at Lucian, who had been silent, before turning back to the children. “I'll cut the cake now, all right?”
The children nodded fervently.
Roxanne cut the cake into six simple slices, then passed them to the children and kept one for herself. After that, she turned to look at the man beside her, who showed no signs of wanting to join them.
“Mr. Farwell,” Roxanne called out to him with a frown. “The cake is done. Come and give it a try.” It was only after hearing her voice did Lucian turn to look at her and walk over.
The children wanted the two adults to try out the slices they had been in charge of, so Roxanne had to cut three small pieces for Lucian and herself.
The children watched them with faces full of anticipation when the adults began digging in.
Roxanne gave them a quick smile before starting with Estella’s piece. After tasting it, she looked at the girl in surprise and exclaimed, “Essie, yours is amazing! It’s delicious! Thank you, Essie.”
The girl smiled from ear to ear upon hearing Roxanne’s compliment. Just as Roxanne was about to try the next piece, Estella’s piping voice sounded beside her. “Ms. Jarvis, can | call you Mommy?” The girl seemed thrilled, and she was looking at Roxanne expectantly.
Roxanne froze as she looked at the girl with wide eyes. Then she turned to the man opposite her.
Lucian did not see the girl’s question coming either. Similarly, Archie and Benny were astounded by Estella’s question.
Even though they had been working hard to form a complete family, they could still see that their mother had yet to accept their father.
Mommy must be shocked by Essie’s abrupt question. Estella continued, “Ms. Jarvis, can you be my mommy? | love Ms. Jarvis the most!” At that, the girl even shyly tugged the hem of Roxanne’s clothes.
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and suppressed the chaotic feelings in her chest. She put down the cake on the table, crouched down, and forced herself to smile at the girl. “You're a sweetheart, right, Essie? It’s true that | like you a lot, but that doesn’t mean | can be your mommy.”
Estella tilted her head to the side in confusion. “But | like you a lot too, Ms. Jarvis!” 
###Chapter 820
Chapter 820
Chapter 820 Console Essie
For a moment, Roxanne did not know how to respond to Estella’s declaration of love. | mean, | like Essie too, but | have never entertained the thoughts of becoming her mother.
After all, she has her own biological mother. If anything, children would probably prefer their biological parents more...
Agood example will be Archie and Benny. Although they don’t know the truth of their births yet, their attitude toward Lucian is clearly different from the rest.
“You can’t?” Having received no answer from Roxanne, Estella lowered her eyes in disappointment and despair.
Roxanne’s heart ached when she saw the girl's disappointment, but there was nothing she could do besides giving her a merciless rejection. Patiently, she explained to the girl, “Essie, you'll have your own mommy, and once you have your mommy, you'll find out that liking mommy and liking me don’t feel the same.”
Estella tightened her fists stubbornly and looked at Roxanne with tearful eyes. “I only like Ms. Jarvis!”
“You won’t—” Roxanne said in resignation when she saw Estella’s tears.
However, before she could finish her sentence, the girl gave her a heart wrenching look.
Her gaze seemed as though it was capable of seeing through people’s souls, and that made Roxanne stiffen. In the next second, Estella let go of her shirt and ran outside.
“Essie!” Roxanne cried out when she returned to her senses. Right as she was about to run after the girl, the man beside her had already sped off after her.
Staring at Lucian’s back, Roxanne ran for two steps, then stopped hesitantly.
Essie dashed off because of me. If she sees me again, will she feel worse? Should |... not show up around her for a while for now?
The boys had never thought that things would turn out this way either. They froze for a few seconds before they recollected themselves.
When they saw their mother’s pale face, they decided not to go after Estella. Instead, they went to their mother’s side silently and muttered, “Mommy...”
They could see that their mother seemed sad as well, but they did not know how to console her. They held their tongues after that and merely kept her company at the side.
Roxanne gradually came back to her senses a while later. She lowered her gaze to look at the boys and whispered, “Should | not have rejected Essie just now?”
The boys shared a look, but neither knew what to reply to her.
If Mommy hasn't accepted Daddy, then it’s nothing unusual for her to reject Essie. But who knew Essie would be that disappointed and run out without a word?
Truth be told, Roxanne was not expecting an answer from them. After saying that, she hung her head in silence as waves of panic and frustration washed over her.
She could see that Estella was hoping for a mother with the way she had raised that sudden question.
She wondered how Estella’s mother could bear to abandon the girl.
Roxanne was already distressed enough when Estella had gone missing previously.
She's not familiar with her surroundings. | wonder if she'll lose her way like she did the last time.
Archie and Benny could see the anxiety on their mother’s face. They consoled her, “Don’t worry, Mommy. Mr. Farwell will surely find Essie.”
Roxanne’s eyes flicked toward the boys, and she forced a smile. “We'll help you comfort Essie once Mr. Farwell is back with her.”
To distract their mother, the boys changed the topic back to the earlier phone call. “It’s getting late. Didn’t you promise to meet Mr. Damaris? If you don’t leave now, you're going to be late.” 
###Chapter 821
Chapter 821
Chapter 821 Does Miss Jarvis Not Like Me
Roxanne’s mind was preoccupied with Estella. She only recalled that Jack and Hector were still waiting for her in the research institute at the boys’ reminder.
She cast a glance at the doorway, still worried about the girl’s safety. “Mommy, just go,” the boys urged. Right then, Jack called. Roxanne picked up the call as she furrowed her brows. “Sorry, I'll be there ina moment,” she said apologetically.
Hearing that there was something amiss with her voice, Jack asked in concern, “Did something happen?”
He was already worried when he heard Roxanne abruptly telling him that she was going to be late by half an hour. Just as Roxanne was about to say something, she heard Hector’s and Colby’s voices.
She hesitated. Then, with a nonchalant chuckle, she said to him, “Nothing. I'll be right there.” Jack asked a few more questions in concern, but Roxanne dismissed them all.
She wanted to wait until Estella was back, but she had already made Hector wait for her for such a long time; she could not delay the appointment any longer.
After ending the call, Roxanne crouched down and ruffled the boys’ hair. “Apologize to Essie for me when she’s back, okay?” The boys nodded compliantly.
Roxanne only stood up and left after seeing the boys’ agreement.
Meanwhile, Lucian found the girl crying quietly. She was hiding in the garden.
Even after he arrived, Estella was still crying.
“Essie, Daddy's here.” Lucian sighed and lowered himself until he was at eye level with the girl. He reached out and patted her head.
Estella shook his hand off unhappily and sobbed as she shifted to the side.
Complicated feelings seeped into Lucian’s heart as he took in the girl’s melancholic look and remembered the way Roxanne had rejected her ruthlessly earlier.
Lucian had never thought that Estella would spring that question on Roxanne and that Roxanne would reject Estella so straightforwardly.
He was glad that he had not told Estella the truth of her birth yet.
Otherwise, he had no idea how sad she would be to hear the rejection from her own mother.
Estella was still sulking, and there was nothing Lucian could say. All he could do was stand by her side. He had thought that Roxanne would run after them soon.
After all, he knew that Roxanne truly liked Estella despite her earlier rejection.
Yet, even after some time had passed, Roxanne still did not show up. Lucian’s expression gradually darkened.
Estella shared similar thoughts. She had been waiting for Roxanne to come after her and console her, but Roxanne did not come. Eventually, Estella stopped crying.
“Daddy,” the girl muttered sadly as she looked up at her father, “does Ms. Jarvis not like me?” Why else would she not come and console me?
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he looked at her. He suppressed the displeasure he felt toward Roxanne and reassured her, “It’s my fault. Ms. Jarvis hasn’t accepted me yet. That’s why she rejected you.”
Still, Estella’s eyes were red. “But why isn’t Ms. Jarvis coming to see me?”
The last time she had gone missing, Roxanne had been the first to find her.
Lucian gently patted her head and said, “Maybe Ms. Jarvis hasn’t found you yet. Let’s go back and wait for her.” 
###Chapter 822
Chapter 822
Chapter 822 Clean Up The Mess After Her
Estella nodded obediently upon hearing her father’s words. Lucian lifted Estella into his arms before returning to Roxanne’s place. Just as they reached the entrance, they saw Roxanne’s car reaching the gates of the residential area.
Lucian could recognize Roxanne’s car right away, and the moment he did, the temperature around him dropped. Essie was sobbing so badly because of her, but the only thing on her mind is her appointment with Jack. Is work that important to her?
In the living room, Archie and Benny were about to open the door to look for Estella after the long wait. To their surprise, right as they opened the door, they were greeted by the sight of their grim father with Estella in his arms.
Estella peeked into the living room when the door opened, but she saw no traces of Roxanne around. “Where's Ms. Jarvis?” Estella asked, her eyes still red. “Is Ms. Jarvis not back yet because she’s out looking for me?”
After that, she patted her father’s shoulder and said anxiously, “Daddy, hurry up and give Ms. Jarvis a call and tell her to come back!”
She was afraid that Roxanne would panic if the latter could not find her outside. Playing along with her, Lucian took out his phone. Archie and Benny exchanged a look before starting apologetically, “Mr. Farwell, you don’t need to call Mommy. She just... left.”
After that, they urgently explained their mother’s actions. “Mommy wanted to stay and wait for you to come back, but we could see how upset Mommy was, so we persuaded her to go to work.”
At that, Estella teared up again.
“Don't be sad, Essie. Mommy knows that she was wrong. She’s sad too,” Archie and Benny promptly consoled Estella. Lucian put Estella back down on the ground to let the boys continue talking to her.
However, Estella kept her head down, one of her hands grabbing tightly on a corner of her father’s shirt.
Archie exchanged a glance with Benny. With a frown, Archie stepped forward and grabbed the girl’s other hand. He promised, “Mommy will be back once she’s done with work. Once she’s back, she'll surely apologize to you. Don’t be sad anymore, Essie.”
Hearing that, Estella lifted her head and looked at Archie and Benny dubiously. Without missing a beat, Benny chimed in, “Essie, why don’t you wait for Mommy to come back with us?” Then he glanced at Lucian and asked, “Mr. Farwell, can Essie stay with us today?”
Lucian gave them a glance before fixing his eyes on Estella.
Estella had already let go of him and inched toward Archie and Benny. Evidently, she wanted to wait for Roxanne to return.
Lucian could read her mind, and that only made him feel even more frustrated with Roxanne. Nevertheless, his tone was steady when he spoke. “Be good and stay home. Don’t open the door for strangers.”
The children could hear the agreement in his answer, so they inclined their heads obediently.
Only after Lucian watched them enter the mansion and close the door did he get into his car and leave. Shortly after, the black Bentley sped off toward the Queen residence.
When he was on his way there, the anger in Lucian grew.
What is Roxanne thinking? How can she let those two boys clean up the mess after her? Is work that vital to her? 
###Chapter 823
Chapter 823
Chapter 823 | Stand By My Words
Meanwhile, back at Roxanne’s house, Archie and Benny synchronously pulled out toys, laid out various snacks on the table, and sat on opposite sides of Estella.
Estella’s eyes were downcast, cheeks puffed out, and sadness was written all over her face. Archie and Benny exchanged a helpless look, but they promised Roxanne they would coax Estella.
They could only try their best to figure out a way. Archie handed her a tissue a moment later, speaking in a cajoling voice, “Don’t cry, Essie. If you like Mommy, try harder to help Mr. Farwell woo her!”
She glanced at him with a pout, her attention piqued. He dabbed at the tears pooling in the corner of her eyes and frowned worriedly. “We wanted Mommy and Mr. Farwell to get closer, but it seems like he’s upset with her again.”
Benny interjected, “Mommy is in the wrong here, but we can’t be a family if Mr. Farwell continues to be angry.”
Perturbation settled over her features, blanketing the sadness. It’s all my fault. Daddy and Ms. Jarvis wouldn't have gotten into a fight if | hadn't thrown a tantrum.
Estella lowered her head in guilt at that thought. “It’s my fault.”
Archie and Benny merely wanted to distract her, but they ended up making her feel awful, so they tried to shift the blame to the adults. “It's not your fault, it’s all on Mommy and Mr. Farwell!”
She was bewildered.
“Mr. Farwell wants to woo Mommy, yet he’s always mad at her,” Archie explained. “Moreover, Mommy won't accept him even though he treats us well.”
Their conversation quickly shifted from coaxing Estella to matchmaking the adults.
In the meantime, Roxanne’s car slid to a stop in front of the research institute, and she marched inside with hastened steps, bumping into Jack and a group of people at the entrance.
She couldn't stifle the two sneezes that escaped as she opened her mouth to greet them.
“Dr. Jarvis, are you sick?” Hector inquired.
She smiled sheepishly. “No, I’m not sure why | suddenly sneezed.”
She apologized to the rest. “Please excuse my tardiness. | had to attend to some family matters and kept all of you waiting. Lunch is on me today.”
Hector returned her smile with an airy one. “We didn’t wait in vain. Dr. Galloway took us on a tour of the research institute, which was an experience. He said you are a significant contributor to the research institute that exists today.”
Roxanne was stunned to learn that Colby had praised her in front of Hector. Colby met her gaze and smiled gently. “And | stand by my words.” A bashful smile tugged at her lips. “The research institute has great potential. All | did was solve a little problem.”
Hector nodded gratefully as he observed the humble Colby and Roxanne. “Both of you did an amazing job, and Ill gladly entrust the research institute to your capable hands.” 
###Chapter 824
Chapter 824
Chapter 824 It Is My Fault
Hector exchanged a few pleasantries with Roxanne, and the conversation went back to business as she led Hector and Jack to visit a few sites.
The tour of the research institute was nearly finished at noon, and they adjourned to the restaurant where she had made a reservation.
Jack sidled up to Roxanne soundlessly after they exited the research institute and asked in concern, “You mentioned that you had to attend to family matters. What were they, if you don’t mind my asking? The Dr. Jarvis | know would never show up late to an appointment.”
She smiled slightly, her lips compressed. “It’s nothing, just a temper tantrum by Archie and Benny.”
Jack didn’t question her answer and smiled sympathetically with a nod. “It’s understandable for problems to arise when you have kids at home.”
Hector turned toward both of them. “What are you talking about? My old ears didn’t catch it.” They hastily pasted a smile on their faces and hurried to walk alongside Hector. Colby wasn’t familiar with Jack and felt lower in status compared to them, so he lagged a few steps behind.
An unnamed emotion gripped Colby’s heart as he observed the good-natured conversation between Roxanne and Jack and Hector’s admiration for her.
He was always just an admirer, silently looking up at Roxanne from a distance. He knew she didn’t lack impressive men in her life, from Larry to Lucian and now Jack.
I'm no one compared to them. Judging from how Old Mr. Damaris treats Roxanne, he would grant his blessings without hesitation if Jack were to be with her!
His gaze darkened, and his fingers balled into fists by his sides.
| admit I’m jealous. | want to be one of the extraordinary men surrounding Roxanne, standing shoulder to shoulder with her or even making her look up to me.
“Hurry up, Dr. Galloway.” Hector turned to give him a look.
Colby snapped out of his thoughts and composed himself before catching up to them, although he was mindful to walk a half- step behind them as a sign of respect.
Each of them took a seat when they arrived at the restaurant, and Hector suddenly spoke. “There’s another reason why | came today.” Roxanne stilled, her eyes subconsciously snapping to Jack, recalling what he had told her over the phone.
Hector started in a grave voice, “Ultimately, it was my fault when the online rumors broke out. | should have tried to understand the situation better from Jack before deciding to stop both of you from seeing each other.”
Roxanne immediately denied, “It involves me, so Ms. Hightower would have found another way to attack me even if we didn’t meet. Don’t blame yourself, Old Mr. Damaris.”
Hector continued as if he hadn’t heard her, “The Damaris family is responsible for causing this, yet we watched with our arms crossed without helping, and that kid from the Farwell family had to step in to smooth things over. Speaking of, | have to thank him.”
Her heart tightened, and a frown marred her brows. She opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out. Who am | to if Old Mr. Damaris wishes to express his gratitude to Lucian?
Colby had only discovered that Lucian was the one who had resolved the situation, and jealousy ate at him like acid. 
###Chapter 825
Chapter 825
Chapter 825 Proactive
Regarding the public outcry, all Colby could do was provide a few statements from the perspective of the research institute. However, they did not do much to help.
Somehow, the situation slowly began to die down. In fact, it was completely turned around after Harvey’s interview the next day.
Colby was humbled when he learned that Lucian was the one responsible and ashamed that he failed to help Roxanne with such a minor problem.
The man felt even more insecure when he remembered meeting Lucian at Roxanne’s house. If he was at Roxanne’s at that hour, they must be quite close!
Colby’s sense of insecurity instantly intensified when he thought of that.
He had thought he could stay by Roxanne’s side quietly, but when he saw how she could end up in another man’s arms and how unlikely he was to beat his competitor, he realized he could not be as selfless as he thought.
After chit-chatting with Roxanne, Hector changed the topic back to the project. “Dr. Jarvis, your medical knowledge is impressive even though you’re young. You even gained Professor Lambert's favor. | can tell he sees greatness in you since he stood up for you without a second thought.”
Roxanne’s eyes were filled with respect for Harvey when she thought of the man. “Professor Lambert treats his students all the same. If any of my classmates were put in the same situation, he would've done the same thing.”
Hector was even more impressed with Roxanne after hearing that. “You're already exceptional, so I’m sure you'll become a role model to the young generation if you benefit from the project. Professor Lambert will be proud of you!”
“You're too kind, Old Mr. Damaris. | promise I'll do my best with the project,” responded Roxanne with a polite smile.
Colby, sitting beside Roxanne, instinctively turned to look at the woman when he heard Hector. She’s already way out of my league. If she manages to finish the project on her own, the distance between us will be even greater.
At that thought, Colby could not help but furrow his eyebrows as he voiced tenderly, “I want to improve myself with this opportunity too, so just let me know if you need anything. I’ll do whatever | can to help.”
After his previous encounter with him, Hector had a good impression of Colby. Hearing that Colby was eager to assist with the project only made Hector like him more. “It’d be wonderful if you could lend a helping hand, Dr. Galloway. That way, | won’t have to worry about the medical field in our country dying out!” uttered Hector, whose eyes were filled with nothing but adoration for Colby.
Meanwhile, Jack gave Colby a strange look because he sensed something was off. | remember how this man used to keep to himself in the research institute, so why would he suddenly be so proactive?
On top of that, Jack had noticed Colby sneaking a few glances at Roxanne just now, so he was convinced that Colby had an ulterior motive for being so helpful.
However, he would rather not make an effort to guess what the motive was. Anyhow, Colby would have to come to me sooner or later if he wanted to be a part of the project.
With that thought in mind, Jack knitted his eyebrows slightly before extending an olive branch and pretending to be oblivious. “I’m grateful that you're willing to assist us with the project, Dr. Galloway. This is a toast to you.”
Naturally, Colby had no problem with the peace offering, so he, too, downed his drink as a courtesy. 
###Chapter 826
Chapter 826
Chapter 826 Herbscape Group May Reconsider
After lunch, Roxanne and the others returned to the research institute to continue discussing the details of their cooperation. When they came out of the restaurant, a flash of light flickered twice in a bush across the road before quickly disappearing.
The person hiding in the bush only stepped out after he saw the group leave in a car. Looking at the photos he had just taken with his camera, the mysterious man nodded with satisfaction before hurrying away.
At the Queen residence, Jonathan stood up in surprise when his butler entered the house with Lucian. “To what do | owe the pleasure, Lucian?”
Standing beside Jonathan was Frieda, who could not help but feel guilty when she saw Lucian because of her meeting with Aubree. Even her voice was shaky when she greeted the man. “Lucian...”
Lucian simply gave Frieda an indifferent look before shifting his attention to Jonathan. “Are you available now?” Frowning slightly, Jonathan could tell that Lucian had something important to discuss with him. “Yes. Let's talk in my study.” After agreeing to the proposal, Lucian followed Jonathan upstairs to the study.
Frieda remained downstairs as she watched the two leave her behind. When she thought of how cold Lucian was to her, she clenched her fists angrily.
Only after Frieda heard the door shut did she cautiously head upstairs to eavesdrop outside the study.
“Any progress with Herbscape Group?” asked Lucian with a stern face as he sat on the couch in the study, watching Jonathan pour him a cup of coffee.
Jonathan froze for a while when he heard the question. Then he looked at Lucian in confusion. “About that... | thought you had given up on them, so | didn’t consider them.”
After that, Jonathan tried his best to remember what he and Lucian had talked about at Queen Group. Lucian made it clear that he planned to go with the flow, so why is he bringing up the matter now? He even came here on the weekend to discuss it.
“Herbscape Group is already in our crosshair. Why would we let somebody else have them?” asked Lucian rhetorically with a frown.
He had intended for Roxanne to realize her potential at Herbscape Group, but after what happened that morning, he changed his mind. To Roxanne, her job is more important than her children! | can’t let her go on like this!
Jonathan hesitated for a while before responding, “But | think Dr. Jarvis has already agreed to work for Herbscape Group as their technical advisor. If we were to make a move on them suddenly, she would probably—”
Before he could finish his sentence, he was silenced by Lucian’s fierce look.
Judging by how Lucian had reacted when Roxanne was mentioned, Jonathan could easily figure out what was going on. After all, only Roxanne could change Lucian’s mind.
Jonathan could not help but wonder what had happened between the two in such a short time.
Still, he decided it was best not to talk about that and shifted the focus to the acquisition of Herbscape Group.
“With Dr. Jarvis as their technical advisor, the Damaris family and Dr. Jarvis are officially working together. I’m afraid it'll take some time to acquire Herbscape Group.”
Naturally, Lucian was aware of the situation as well. “Damaris Group probably only managed to steal Herbscape Group from us because they had something Herbscape Group wanted. If we can make a better offer, Herbscape Group may reconsider.” 
###Chapter 827
Chapter 827
Chapter 827 Stop Getting Any More Ideas
Jonathan nodded in agreement after listening to Lucian. Indeed, every business in the world is profit-driven, and Herbscape Group is no exception.
“Queen Group has more business dealings with Herbscape Group, so let me handle this,” said Jonathan while gazing at the man opposite him. What Lucian should do is go after Dr. Jarvis. It's been such a long time, and the relationship between the two still hasn't progressed. Even I’m starting to worry for him!
Lucian nodded noncommittally. “We'll do whatever it takes to persuade Herbscape Group.”
Jonathan's heart raced when he agreed to do his best. It seems that Lucian and Dr. Jarvis had a pretty serious argument. Otherwise, he wouldn't have said something like that.
With that thought in mind, Jonathan could no longer hold back his curiosity. “Did something happen between you and Dr. Jarvis again?” Lucian’s face turned solemn when Roxanne was brought up. “Nothing happened.”
Jonathan was skeptical about his answer.
Sensing Jonathan's suspicious look, Lucian rubbed his temple as he suppressed his anger. “It was just a minor disagreement. I'm still trying to work it out,” said Lucian evasively.
Jonathan wondered if Lucian’s solution was to put Roxanne out of a job.
However, he did not continue with the topic since Lucian seemed troubled enough as it was. “Do you remember what we talked about last time? Did you do any of those romantic things to Dr. Jarvis?”
“| didn’t get the chance,” replied Lucian while shaking his head.
Jonathan nodded silently in response to that. Of course, he didn’t do as we discussed. Otherwise, we wouldn't be having this conversation right now.
Lucian did not want to continue with the conversation, so he rose from the couch and inquired, “Where’s Old Mr. Queen?”
Well aware of what Lucian was thinking, Jonathan played along with the change of topic. “He should be exercising in the backyard at this hour,” Jonathan replied, pointing to the backyard.
Alfred had already recovered enough to move about normally.
Having been bedridden for several years, the elderly man had finally recovered. He would walk around almost every chance he got.
Lucian nodded once again before making his way to the door. “I’m going to say hello to Old Mr. Queen.” Jonathan then followed closely behind Lucian.
When Frieda heard that the two were heading out of the study, she tried to scurry away but failed to do so in time.
As soon as Lucian opened the door, he found Frieda standing suspiciously outside the study.
“Lucian.” Frieda had no choice but to greet the man awkwardly while trying desperately to come up with an excuse for being there.
“| came to see if you need more coffee. | didn’t expect your discussion to be over so quickly,” uttered Frieda since she could not think of a better way to justify her action.
The excuse was utterly laughable, so Lucian gave the woman a cold glance before walking past her without a word. Jonathan continued to follow Lucian as he exited the study.
His face turned as grim as death when he saw his sister at the door. He watched Lucian head downstairs before turning to warn Frieda sternly. “You better stop getting any more ideas because if anything happens, even | won't be able to help you!”
Jonathan knew Frieda disliked Roxanne, but he also knew that Lucian would not forgive her if she dared lay a finger on Roxanne. The fact that Lucian and Frieda grew up together would not make a difference. 
###Chapter 828
Chapter 828
Chapter 828 True Colors
Frieda gave a perfunctory nod before turning around and entering her room. Only after watching her disappear behind the door did Jonathan walk downstairs. When he arrived at the backyard, he saw that Lucian was already chatting with Alfred.
“| did that to save Dr. Jarvis from the predicament, so why are you thanking me?” Alfred gazed at Lucian in bafflement as the latter had started expressing his gratitude a short while into the conversation.
Lucian maintained a polite mien in front of Alfred. After listening to the old man’s remark, he merely flashed a faint smile. “I’m well-acquainted with Dr. Jarvis, so | think it is reasonable for me to thank you on her behalf.”
Alfred waved his hand nonchalantly. “All | did was mention the truth. Dr. Jarvis saved my life. | should help her with this small favor.”
After saying that, Alfred asked Lucian about his and Aubree’s marriage. “When do you plan to settle down with Aubree? Both of you are not getting any younger, especially Aubree. After all, she’s a woman. She cannot afford to wait too long.”
Lucian’s eyes darkened. He did not elaborate further on that matter in front of Alfred and merely responded with a courteous grin. Hearing Alfred bringing up the topic of Lucian’s wedding, Jonathan hurriedly moved forward to smooth things over.
Soon, Jonathan managed to change the subject of the conversation. Lucian became disinterested in the discussion and began giving half-hearted responses.
Comprehending his state of mind, Alfred waved his hand and said, “I’m getting a little tired. | want to go upstairs and rest now. You two can carry on.”
Upon hearing that, Lucian and Jonathan bade farewell to Alfred respectfully. Jonathan then accompanied Lucian to the manor entrance and saw him off.
As soon as he returned to the mansion, Jonathan saw Frieda, who had come downstairs and was prepared to head out.
Ahint of panic flashed across her face when she saw her brother, but she swiftly suppressed her anxiety. “Jonathan, why are you back so soon? Has Lucian left?”
Jonathan regarded her with an inquisitive gaze before nodding indifferently. “Where are you going?”
“|... lagreed to meet up with my friend to go shopping.” Forcing a calm smile, she strode past him warily while clinging to her bag as she spoke. “If there’s nothing else, I'll take my leave now. My friend is waiting for me.”
Jonathan frowned and reminded her, “Remember what | said. Don’t have any ideas.”
Frieda smiled at him sheepishly and hastily left the mansion.
Inside a café, a cup of coffee that had turned cold was placed in front of Aubree. She was gazing downward at her phone screen with a scornful expression.
Displaying on the screen was a series of pictures featuring Roxanne, Jack, and the others having their meal not long ago.
As depicted in the photo, four people were present, yet Roxanne had chosen to walk side by side with Jack. They appeared to be chatting happily and were even neglecting Hector.
In the following few pictures, Jack could be seen opening the car door for Roxanne chivalrously while she stood beside the car and smiled faintly. The two of them looked like a match made in heaven.
Taking into account the photos taken by the public previously, I’m afraid no one will believe nothing is going on between Roxanne and Jack.
Aubree sneered coldly as she stared the pictures.
That b*tch, Roxanne. How dare she leaves Lucian hanging while flirting with Jack on the side? I’m never letting her off the hook now that I’ve caught her red-handed. | want Lucian to see that b*tch’s true colors! 
###Chapter 829
Chapter 829
Chapter 829 Not The Way To Do It
“Aubree!” Frieda hastened in Aubree’s direction and sat opposite her as she was already behind time. After Frieda heard the conversation between Jonathan and Lucian just now, the first thing she did upon returning to her room was to arrange a meeting with Aubree. Unexpectedly, she was stopped by Jonathan, causing her to arrive late.
Aubree was pulled back to reality after hearing Frieda’s voice. She looked up and glanced at the latecomer in displeasure. “Why are you so late and why are you looking for me?”
Then she took out a gorgeous white handbag from behind. “Here. This is the bag | promised to gift you.”
Frieda’s eyes sparkled when she saw the bag handed to her by Aubree. She quickly received the item and said cheerfully, “Thank you, Aubree!” Aubree grinned unconcernedly. “So, tell me, what’s the matter?”
Frieda, however, stared at Aubree’s phone curiously. “I saw you looking at something when | walked over just now. Can | look at it too?”
Upon hearing that, Aubree raised her eyebrows slightly. A few seconds later, she pushed her phone across the table. “Go ahead.”
Frieda glanced down in curiosity and saw pictures of Roxanne and Jack’s intimate interaction on the screen. An astonished expression spread across her face. “Roxanne? She and Jack...”
When Roxanne’s scandal became widespread previously, Frieda did not pay much attention to that matter, nor did she care whether Roxanne’s relationship with Jack was real or not.
In her opinion, the process didn’t matter as long as Roxanne’s reputation was ruined. However, little did she expect the public opinion of Roxanne to change suddenly.
At that moment, as Frieda browsed through the pictures in Aubree’s phone, she could not help but suspect something might genuinely be going on between Roxanne and Jack.
Logically speaking, with Old Mr. Damaris around, Roxanne should be accompanying the old man, but she’s walking side by side with Jack instead. Moreover, Old Mr. Damaris did not seem displeased by her actions. Anyone who doesn’t know better might assume Roxanne and Jack had received Old Mr. Damaris’ blessings to be together.
Aubree retrieved her phone in satisfaction upon seeing Frieda’s surprised look. “Things are as you've seen. After you told me Roxanne is collaborating with the Damaris family, | sent someone to monitor her. Unexpectedly, | managed to obtain these interesting photos.”
Frieda was stunned for some time. “Since you have these pictures of their intimate interaction, you should hurry up and send them to Lucian so he can see that b*tch’s true colors sooner!” Aubree sneered coldly after hearing Frieda’s suggestion. “There’s no need to hurry. I’m still contemplating the best way to show
him these images. After all, this revelation will strike him as a great surprise.”
Recalling the aim of her meeting with Aubree that day, Frieda furrowed her brows. “I think you should send the photos as soon as possible. When | came out earlier, Lucian went to find my brother again. | briefly eavesdropped on them and heard them discussing matters about Roxanne again.”
Aubree’s expression darkened. “What did they talk about?”
“Lucian plans to let my brother think of a way to acquire Herbscape Group. | also heard him mentioning Roxanne is now working at Herbscape Group as their technical advisor. If they manage to pull this off, Lucian will become more involved with that b*tch!”
After that, Frieda glanced at Aubree’s phone on the table and suggested, “Why don’t you send the pictures to Lucian anonymously at once so that he will dismiss that idea.”
Ahint of iciness glinted in Aubree’s eyes. “I'll definitely send out the photos, but sending it directly to Lucian is not the way to do it.” 
###Chapter 830
Chapter 830
Chapter 830 Played Like A Fool “Why?” Frieda was perplexed. How else will Lucian see it if she doesn’t send it to him directly?
Based on what Jonathan said, it seems that Lucian has done much more for that woman’s sake! If this keeps up, they’re really going to end up together.
A look of disdain flashed in Aubree’s eyes when she heard the question, but she quickly suppressed it. “Lucian’s always known that | don’t get along with Roxanne, so if | send it even while remaining anonymous, he’s going to suspect me for sure.”
Frieda creased her brows and composed herself. “Then what should we do? Are we going to just watch that b*tch go after two guys at the same time?”
Aubree’s gaze darkened. “I have my own plans. We don’t necessarily have to let Lucian see these pictures.” Sometimes, it’d be better having other people see them.
Frieda remained confused and was about to find out more when Aubree stood up and turned to leave.
An odd feeling surfaced in Frieda’s chest as she gazed at the empty seat before her with a frown.
All this while, she would share whatever she knew about the matters between Lucian and Roxanne with Aubree.
Yet to Aubree, Frieda was just a robot whose only job was to feed her information. She had never told her what she intended to do.
Frieda had no way of knowing what Aubree was thinking.
Aubree hopped into her car after walking out of the café, but instead of starting the engine, she remained seated and twiddled with her phone for a brief moment.
Before long, the words “Message sent successfully” appeared on her screen.
She then sat inside her vehicle for a while before making her way back to the Farwell residence.
| can’t wait to see the look on Sonya’s face when she receives that message!
Back at the Farwell residence, Sonya was in the middle of a yoga session when her phone vibrated.
Without a second thought, she grabbed her device and glanced at the screen, only to notice she had received a few text messages from an unknown number.
With a frown, the woman returned to the couch and clicked into the messages.
The first few photos she saw were those of her son standing with Roxanne and her three children at the entrance to a concert hall. They all appeared to get along well.
The other photos were of Roxanne and Jack chatting away merrily.
After going through all the media, Sonya grew so livid that her fingers trembled.
She couldn't recall how many times she had warned her son to stay away from Roxanne.
Yet, as shown clearly in the photos, not only did he disregard her words, but he was also being played like a fool by Roxanne.
Aubree just so happened to return while Sonya was boiling with rage. A smug look appeared on the former’s eyes for a split second before she put on a concerned facade and sat down next to the older woman.
“What's wrong, Mrs. Farwell? Why do you look so riled up?”
At that, Sonya turned around sharply to face the pleasant-looking lady, but she grew infuriated once again at the thought of the woman shown in the pictures.
Still, with her future daughter-in-law right in front of her, she knew she had to defend her son. “It’s nothing much. Go on upstairs and get some rest. | have some matters to take care of.” 
###Chapter 831
Chapter 831
Chapter 831 How Do You Know Naturally aware of what Sonya was about to do, Aubree nodded and got back up on her feet to head upstairs. Seeing Aubree return to her room, Sonya took out her phone to dial Lucian’s number. Her face clouded over again.
“What is it, Mom?” The man had just left the Queen residence and was about to drop by the office when he received an unexpected call from his mother.
“Where are you now?” Sonya asked, sounding displeased.
Lucian’s brows furrowed slightly. “I’m on my way to work.”
“I'll relay whatever needs to be done to your father. | want you to come over this instant,” the woman demanded coldly. Hearing the wrath in her voice, Lucian wanted to ask what was going on, but Sonya had already hung up by then.
Confusion rose within him as he gazed at his pitch-black screen, but he turned the car around and made his way to the Farwell residence as instructed.
“Mrs. Farwell is waiting for you, Mr. Farwell.” The butler came up to welcome him right away. “Mrs. Farwell is in a bad mood. Please be careful when you talk to her.”
Lucian nodded indifferently while striding into the living room.
He walked in to see his mother seated on the couch with her face in her hand.
She does look pretty mad.
“Mom, why did you want to see me so urgently?” Lucian asked solemnly as he sat down on the three-seated couch.
Sonya turned to glare at him as though she had just noticed him arrive. “You still have the cheek to call me your mom? Why didn’t you heed my warning?”
Lucian creased his brows upon hearing that. He had no idea what she was talking about.
The woman only became more enraged when she saw his clueless expression. “What on earth is going on between you and Roxanne?”
“She’s Essie’s biological mother.”
Seeing him continue to defend Roxanne made Sonya explode. “It’s because she’s Essie’s mother that | don’t want you to see her! Why are you so obsessed over a vile woman who abandoned her own daughter?”
Lucian had thought that his mother had summoned him over to talk about his marriage with Aubree. Little did he expect her to give him a lecture.
“There’s some kind of misunderstanding,” he replied while rubbing his temples.
“What misunderstanding?” Sonya spat icily.
Lucian found himself unable to answer to his mother. All he knew was that there was a misunderstanding, but he still couldn’t point out what it was.
“That woman would do just about anything to get her way!” Sonya exclaimed. “She'd better not have abandoned Essie for her own future!”
Lucian’s expression turned grim. “I know what kind of person she is better than you do. | understand why you have your opinions about her, but you shouldn’t say such things without any solid proof.”
He knew that Sonya didn’t have a good impression of Roxanne because of what had happened six years ago. Still, he hadn’t expected his mother to vilify her in such a way. “How do you know | don’t have proof?” Sonya asked, staring at him in vexation as soon as his words fell.
Lucian turned to her in bewilderment, unsure what proof she was referring to. 
###Chapter 832
Chapter 832
Chapter 832 Where Did You Get These Photos
With a stern face, Sonya slammed her phone in front of her son, the screen showing images of Roxanne and Jack in the middle of what appeared to be a happy conversation.
“Have a look yourself!” Lucian gazed down at the phone, initially thinking that these photos were taken from the public uproar before.
However, upon closer inspection, he realized that the woman was wearing the same outfit she had worn when she left this morning. Not only that, but Hector could be seen not too far away from the two in the photo.
A look of irony flashed in Lucian’s eyes as he thought back to the excuse Roxanne had made when she left earlier today. She said she had to show up no matter what because Old Mr. Damaris would be there.
Yet, in all of these photos, she was only talking to Jack and seemed to treat Old Mr. Damaris as though he was non-existent! Sensing the atmosphere around her son turn gloomy, Sonya continued to demean Roxanne.
“| remember people saying that Roxanne only managed to become part of the Damaris family’s project after seducing Jack. | didn’t want to believe that she’d ever do something so appalling, considering she was once part of our family, but it looks like it’s true!”
Hearing that, Lucian turned to meet his mother’s gaze with a dark glint in his eyes.
The woman scoffed, “Look at what this woman is doing. She has you in the palm of her hand while getting intimate with Jack at the same time! It’s only normal that you’d fall for her tricks given your lack of experience. But now that you've seen these pictures, | believe it’s about time you wake up and stay away from her!”
Lucian remained silent for a long while.
“Did you hear me? I’m talking to you! Seriously, | don’t know what you see in that woman. You’re even so loyal to her! What makes her better than Aubree anyway?”
Lucian finally responded, but all he did was reach for the phone and place it back on the table emotionlessly. “Where did you get these photos?” he asked frostily.
Sonya thought he had finally understood her words, only for him to ask such a question.
“Why do you care where | got them? In any case, these photos are real! You'd better keep a distance from Roxanne,” she replied in irritation.
Lucian immediately picked up the device and scrutinized the messages. Then he stopped at the unknown number for a few seconds before glancing back up at his mother. “Do you know who this number belongs to?”
Not expecting him to ask her that, Sonya stilled briefly before deciding not to put up an act. “How would | know?” she responded frankly. “Whoever this is, they probably came looking for me because Roxanne did something to provoke them!”
The crease between Lucian’s brows deepened.
She doesn’t look like she’s lying. She probably really doesn’t know who owns the number. But who could’ve sent her these photos? Who's paying this much attention to Roxanne’s life?
In the middle of his silence, the sound of footsteps came from upstairs.
“Who are you talking to, Mrs. Farwell?”
Aworried-looking Aubree appeared at the corner of the stairs and looked down.
“Lucian? What are you doing here?” she asked in surprise upon seeing the man.
Then, as though realizing something, she walked down the stairs and clutched Sonya’s arm in concern. “Were you upset at Lucian over something, Mrs. Farwell?” 
###Chapter 833
Chapter 833
Chapter 833 Set Foot Into The Farwell Residence
Sonya had wanted to hide this matter from Aubree at first, but now that the latter was here, she could only comment evasively, “What makes Aubree inferior in any way? How long do you plan to make her wait?”
At the mention of herself, Aubree glanced at Lucian and curled her lips into a smile. “I’m fine, Mrs. Farwell. | don’t want to give Lucian any pressure.”
She then lowered her head, looking aggrieved. Seeing how thoughtful she was made Sonya’s heart ache. She glared at Lucian more sternly, but he remained indifferent.
“I'm not making her wait. I’ve already made my intentions clear from the start. You're the one leading her on,” he said. “You!” Sonya cried out in exasperation, only to be held back by Aubree.
“Don't be upset, Mrs. Farwell. Lucian has... He has his way of doing things, so there’s no need for you to worry so much about me. Let him do as he sees fit.”
Aubree gazed at Lucian in understanding before turning to Sonya to console her. The older woman didn’t know what else to say, although deep down, she felt increasingly sorry for Aubree.
Yet, Lucian didn’t seem to appreciate the latter's gestures at all. He merely shot her a glance and then focused on his mother. “I'll be responsible for my marriage. You should take care of your health instead of worrying about me.”
With that, he rose to his feet and walked out the door. There was a look of desolation in Aubree’s eyes as she watched him leave and lowered her head. Sonya just so happened to notice that.
She let go of Aubree’s hand and called out to Lucian, “Letting Roxanne marry into the family back then was a mistake! Maybe she even realized this herself when she decided to leave, so why are you still so hung up about her?”
The man stopped in his tracks.
“Think about the fact that she had the heart to abandon Essie but is raising those two boys perfectly now!” Sonya continued. “Isn't it obvious that she doesn’t love you?”
Her words pierced into him like a knife, causing his expression to sour.
“She may be able to fool you, but she sure as hell won't fool me. | don’t care what you think. I'll never let a woman like her become part of the Farwell family!” Sonya declared in fury.
Aubree reached out for her arm in support.
Lucian stood at the entrance of the mansion for a mere few seconds before striding away without a word.
Sonya frowned as she watched him close the door before turning to the woman next to her. “I know it’s been tough on you the past few years, but don’t worry. What's yours will be yours, and | won't let anyone get in the way of that.”
Aubree nodded graciously. “Thank you, Mrs. Farwell.”
She then pursed her lips and remarked self-deprecatingly, “But still, there are always some things we can’t have our way with. If Lucian really likes Roxanne—”
Sonya cut her off before she could finish, “We don’t know what that woman is after by approaching him, but I’m sure he’ll come to a realization one day.”
Even if he didn’t, she would never let Roxanne set foot into the Farwell residence. An imperceptible glee flashed across Aubree’s eyes when she saw how much Sonya despised Roxanne. Just as | expected, those photos are really making her hate Roxanne even more!
With Sonya’s resistance, she didn’t have to worry about Roxanne taking her place anymore. 
###Chapter 834
Chapter 834
Chapter 834 Easy To Please
The sky was about to turn dark when Roxanne left the research institute. On the way home, her chest tightened as she thought that Lucian was still lounging around at her place.
However, she returned to find only the three children sitting on the couch and staring at the computer screen. Roxanne scanned the living area, but the man was nowhere to be seen.
“Mommy!” the boys greeted her as soon as they realized she had come home. Roxanne caressed their tiny heads while asking, “Where's Mr. Farwell?”
“He left a long time ago, but we asked him to let Essie stay so that we could wait for you to come back together,” Benny explained in his squeaky voice.
The woman smiled when she heard that. Then her gaze fell on the little girl standing behind the two boys. Unlike her usual peppy demeanor, Essie now stood timidly behind Archie and Benny, not even saying hello. Clearly, she was still bothered by what had happened earlier that day.
Realizing this, Roxanne knelt down and stared straight into the girl’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Essie. | didn’t mean what | said earlier this morning. | just wanted to say that—”
Having been consoled all day, Estella had already thought of forgiving her.
Even so, seeing the woman in person now made her slightly upset.
“But why did you leave, Ms. Jarvis?” the girl asked slowly while blinking.
She had already figured it out; Roxanne didn’t want to be her mother because she still couldn’t accept Lucian. However, she didn’t understand why the woman had driven off despite knowing that she was upset.
Why didn’t she stay and talk to me instead? She was the first one to come looking for me the last time, but she just left me like that this morning.
The difference was too much for her to handle.
“I'm sorry,” Roxanne replied apologetically. “I really had something important to take care of this morning. | won’t make you upset ever again, so will you forgive me?”
Estella merely stared at her.
“I'll be right by your side whenever you need me,” the woman promised solemnly.
The girl’s eyes finally lit up, and she leaped into Roxanne’s arms.
The woman felt her heart melt as she watched Estella return to her usual cheeriness.
She had thought the little girl wouldn’t forgive her, but it turned out she was so easy to please. Suddenly, Roxanne felt something warm on her cheek for a split second.
She turned to the girl in surprise.
Estella beamed with delight at having secretly given the woman a peck.
Awarm sensation spread across Roxanne’s heart when she saw Estella’s expression. Unable to help herself, she responded by kissing the child’s cheek too.
The little girl was instantly filled with shock, having not expected to be kissed. Then, joy overtook her as soon as realization dawned on her.
“Mommy! Why did you only kiss Essie? We're going to be mad!” Archie and Benny exclaimed jokingly when they saw Roxanne and Estella make up.
Roxanne burst into laughter before turning to give the boys each a peck on the cheek, bringing wide smiles to their faces. After that, she stroked Estella’s head. “Did your daddy say what time he’d be coming to pick you up?” Estella shook her head upon recalling that Lucian had never mentioned when he would come and get her.
Lucian had only told her to be a good girl and stay with the two boys before leaving abruptly. 
###Chapter 835
Chapter 835
Chapter 835 What Are You Doing Here
Roxanne looked slightly troubled. | didn’t take a good look at his face back then, but he must be pretty annoyed about what happened this morning. But if | decide to call him and ask what time he’ll be coming to pick Essie up, it’s going to make me look guilty.
“If Daddy doesn’t come, can | sleep with you tonight, Ms. Jarvis?” Estella looked at Roxanne eagerly. Roxanne snapped back to reality and ran her fingers through the girl’s hair. “He’ll definitely come.”
As soon as her words fell, Estella’s eyes turned bleak. “But yes, if your daddy doesn’t come, you can sleep with me tonight,” Roxanne agreed with a smile.
Estella finally beamed upon hearing that. Roxanne glanced at the time. “I didn’t get to properly taste the cake we made this morning, so how about we make another one?” she proposed.
The children nodded happily and followed her into the kitchen. Roxanne placed all the ingredients on the dining table.
Lucian wasn’t helping them out this time around, but they still enjoyed the activity together as the sounds of their laughter rang out across the room.
When the cake was out of the oven, the children each chose a piece to decorate with cream.
Then, Roxanne sliced every piece into quarters and placed them onto the children’s plates.
The whole baking process went much more smoothly than it did this morning, and the children enjoyed their cake. After they were done, Roxanne let the kids play a while longer.
By the time the clock struck nine, the young ones had begun yawning. However, Lucian had yet to appear.
“Is Daddy not coming, Ms. Jarvis? If he’s not, let’s go to sleep.” Estella tugged at Roxanne’s shirt lightly, feeling so tired that she could barely open her eyes anymore.
The woman hesitated for a moment.
She does look exhausted, but where is Lucian? Is he even coming?
She took out her phone, deliberating over whether or not to dial Lucian’s number. If he’s not coming, I'll take Essie upstairs so she can rest.
Just as she found Lucian’s number, a car horn blared from outside the mansion.
Then, the doorbell rang.
Everyone inside the house turned to the door, thinking that Lucian had arrived. Estella pouted. But | want to sleep with Ms. Jarvis! | don’t want Daddy to come.
Roxanne switched off her phone and stared at the door with an inexplicable look on her face. After a few seconds of hesitation, she finally walked toward the entrance.
“Good evening, Ms. Jarvis,” Cayden greeted politely while standing outside. Roxanne couldn't help but still briefly, feeling relieved yet puzzled at the same time. “What are you doing here?” Estella glanced at the man while holding onto a part of Roxanne’s clothing. “Where’s Daddy, Mr. Lawson?”
Cayden gazed at them, pausing briefly as he noted how similar the two looked to each other. “Mr. Farwell has some urgent matters to take care of. He recalled that Ms. Estella is still with you and wanted to come and get her himself, but he just couldn’t make it. That's why he sent me,” he replied with a smile before extending an arm toward Estella. “Come, Ms. Estella. Let's go home.”
The little girl shook her head in reluctance before hiding behind Roxanne and gazing up at her with eyes full of anticipation. 
###Chapter 836
Chapter 836
Chapter 836 Let Us Go Back
Roxanne sensed that Estella was staring at her, but she did not react. Just now, all Cayden said was that Lucian was busy with work. As Lucian was the CEO of Farwell Group, it was natural for him to be busy.
However, Roxanne felt that Cayden was actually referring to her, insinuating that she had neglected her children as she was too busy with work. Lucian’s words from that morning rang in her ears again. Is work really that important?
Roxanne kept asking herself the same question. She worked hard because she loved her job, and she also wanted to provide a better life for her children.
Yet, her good intentions had seemed to backfire on her. “Ms. Jarvis...” Estella noticed Roxanne’s silence and began tugging at the hem of the latter’s clothes. “I don’t want to go back.”
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and lowered her gaze to eye the little girl.
When she met Estella’s innocent gaze, her heart softened. Nevertheless, she had to coax the girl. “Be a good girl, Essie. It’s very late, and Mr. Lawson came all the way here to pick you up. You'd better go back with him.”
Estella replied with a pitiful look, “But, we agreed that I’d go back if Daddy came over. If he doesn't, I'll stay with you.” Roxanne was surprised by her response.
Indeed, Estella was Lucian’s daughter.
Although she did not speak for quite some time due to autism, it did not affect her eloquence after her condition had improved. “Well, Daddy sent Mr. Lawson to pick you up.” An amused Roxanne squatted down to regard Estella.
Estella pursed her lips and insisted, “No, | want Daddy to pick me up!”
Then, she turned around to look at Cayden with a woeful expression.
Awarm sensation enveloped Cayden’s heart after meeting Estella’s gaze. He could not bring himself to say no.
Then again, he dared not defy Lucian’s order.
For one moment, Cayden was caught in a fix. He could only cast a pleading look at Roxanne. “Um, Ms. Jarvis...”
Roxanne returned a comforting smile and eyed Estella with a firm expression. “Listen to Mr. Lawson, Essie. It’s late, and if you don’t go home, Daddy will be worried.”
In the past, Roxanne would probably have ignored Lucian and let Estella stay with her.
However, ever since that morning's incident and Roxanne’s realization about her relationship with Lucian, she decided there was no point in doing so.
Thus, she had to send the little girl back.
Seeing how insistent Roxanne was, Estella lowered her gaze dejectedly.
Archie and Benny, who were watching from one side, suggested, “Mommy, we'll talk to Essie.”
At once, Roxanne recalled how her sons had persuaded Estella. Relieved, she allowed them to do so.
The two boys led Estella to the living room.
Roxanne merely saw Archie and Benny speaking to the little girl in a mysterious manner, stealing glances at their mother in the process. Soon, Estella nodded firmly and headed to the doorway.
“Let's go back, Mr. Lawson!” she said as she grabbed the hem of Cayden’s shirt.
It took a while for Cayden to react when he realized how quickly Estella had changed her mind. After a few seconds, he agreed, bid farewell to Roxanne, and left with Estella. 
###Chapter 837
Chapter 837
Chapter 837 Assessing Lucian Once Cayden’s car had cruised away, Roxanne led Archie and Benny into the living room.
Recalling Cayden’s prior words, she squatted down to look at her two boys apologetically. “Have | spent too little time with you all this while?”
Ever since her involvement in the Damaris family’s project, Roxanne had spent most of her time on work. Had Lucian and Cayden not brought this up to her, she would not have realized it.
Archie and Benny shook their heads when they noticed how guilty their mother felt. “Your work is more important, Mommy. We're fine.”
Benny added, “We'll take care of ourselves and you!”
Archie chimed in, “We understand you have to treat patients, and we hope you can save more lives.” Moreover, they were already used to this sort of life, so it did not bother them.
However, something else was on their minds.
Both Archie and Benny thought of their little sister.
To Estella, Roxanne had indeed been busy to the point that she could hardly see her mother.
Roxanne was about to heave a sigh of relief when she noticed the glum expressions that were starting to form on the boys’ faces. So, she asked in a concerned manner, “What is it? Do you think I’ve been too busy?”
Following that, a crease appeared between Roxanne’s eyebrows, and she apologized, “At the moment, my work is really important. Once things are settled, I'll definitely spend more time with you!”
Archie and Benny nodded obediently. “We understand! Still, can you bring Essie along, too?” Upon hearing Estella’s name, Roxanne immediately thought of Lucian, and a hesitant expression slowly appeared on her face. “Mommy, Essie misses you a lot, too,” the boys persuaded.
Estella’s pitiful expression came to Roxanne’s mind. Her heart softened, and she answered with a smile, “All right, | promise I'll take all three of you out when the time comes.”
The boys cheered triumphantly.
Feeling curious, Roxanne asked, “What did you say to Essie earlier?”
Why did she give in so easily?
Archie and Benny glanced at each other and smiled enigmatically. “It’s a secret!”
Roxanne was taken aback by their answer.
Previously, things had turned out the same way. She had no idea what her boys had said to Estella.
The three children seemed to be hiding something from her.
When she realized this, Roxanne feigned a stern expression. “Tell me. Are you hiding something from me?”
The boys figured that Roxanne would not actually scold them. Instead of taking her seriously, they headed toward the staircase and giggled. “We're so tired, Mommy. We'll go to bed now! You ought to go to bed, too!”
Then, they ran upstairs without waiting for their mother’s response.
Roxanne felt amused yet helpless as she watched them.
These two little... They understand me completely, and they don’t even take me seriously!
Nonetheless, it was evident that the children were hiding something from her, and she did not know what it was.
Roxanne still believed that her children knew better than to do something bad. She only wanted to see whether she could help them.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny ran into their room and heaved a sigh of relief. Mommy has discovered that we’re plotting something! Nevertheless, as long as they remained silent about it, Roxanne would be unable to guess what they were thinking about.
They would never tell their mother that Estella decided to head back so that she could assess Lucian’s attitude. 
###Chapter 838
Chapter 838
Chapter 838 Speculation About Herbscape Group
Seeing that the kids were already back in their room, Roxanne tidied up the kitchen and went upstairs to do some work in the study.
Even though she had agreed to be the technical advisor of Herbscape Group, she did not know much about the company.
Prior to the actual collaboration, Roxanne felt the need to get a rough overview of the company, so she searched for information about Herbscape Group online.
To her surprise, the moment she typed in the search bar, she noticed some unusual keywords associated with Herbscape Group. Herbscape Group had been accused of tax evasion and selling illegal drugs.
Almost all associated searches were negative.
Roxanne was stunned and filled with suspicion.
She used to be in touch with various medicinal herbs companies in Horington when she was trying to resolve the research institute’s issue of medicinal herbs supply, and Herbscape Group was one of them.
She remembered Herbscape Group’s reputation was quite good. Why are there so many negative news about them? Even if | didn’t have access to this information back then, Jack should have known.
If Herbscape Group was truly such a terrible company, why would Jack choose to work with them?
Roxanne frowned and clicked on the first search result that popped up.
It was an article published earlier on the same day.
The article read: We have received reports claiming that Herbscape Group is selling illegal drugs. Besides, the company is also accused of tax evasion using multiple methods. The relevant government departments have announced that they will carry out a thorough investigation soon.
There was a three-minute-long video in the link that clearly illustrated the evidence of Herbscape Group's involvement in the allegations.
Even if Herbscape Group were to refute the allegations, they had to first deny their involvement with solid evidence.
To do that would require time, and Roxanne knew that this would mean that Herbscape Group would not be able to clear their name in the nearest time.
Roxanne’s heart sank when she read the news.
Although it was just a local news site in Horington, there were over ten thousand comments.
Roxanne clicked into the comment section.
To her dismay, the majority of the comments were spiteful and offensive speculation about Herbscape Group.
Someone wrote: Herbscape Group is such a huge company. How could you guys sell illegal drugs and betray our trust? Another commented: | heard that there was a leak of virus from their laboratory a few years ago. There has not been a follow-up of that incident since. Who knows what kind of illegal drug Herbscape Group is developing...
Roxanne was at a loss for words.
The whole internet was abuzz with wayward speculation about Herbscape Group, and in the span of a single day, the negative public opinion had caused the group’s share prices to plummet more than half.
The more Roxanne read the news, the heavier her heart felt.
The widespread accusations reminded her of the time she had been slandered.
She could not help but note the striking similarities of both circumstances.
Roxanne had only managed to solve the problem when Lucian had pressured the Hightowers and with Harvey’s support.
If nothing was done to salvage the worsening public image of Herbscape Group, Roxanne reckoned it would be very likely that they would get dragged down alongside Herbscape Group from their collaboration, and even the project with Damaris Group might get affected as well.
The thought was disturbing, to say the least.
Roxanne could not seem to figure out who was trying to attack Herbscape Group, or whether the person was really after Herbscape Group at all. 
###Chapter 839
Chapter 839
Chapter 839 Work Harder To Get Roxanne
Just when she was still reeling in from the shock, Roxanne accidentally clicked on the refresh button. She noticed that there were changes on the page, and she instinctively lowered her head to check it out.
Roxanne was even more surprised to see the time the news article had been published, and somehow the fleeting image of Lucian crossed her mind.
The news article was published right after Herbscape Group and Damaris Group collaborated. Herbscape Group has always maintained a good reputation before they agreed to collaborate with Damaris Group.
Cayden said Lucian was busy with something tonight when he came over to pick Estella up. | wonder what he’s working on. Oddly, and coincidentally enough, the news article was published tonight...
Roxanne could only surmise that Lucian was the mastermind plotting against Herbscape Group. Herbscape Group was embroiled in the scandal right after they signed the agreement with Damaris Group. And before that, they were supposed to collaborate with Farwell Group.
Farwell Group was infamous for never letting their business partners who walked out on them do well.
Right then, Roxanne recalled Lucian’s words when she had told him she was going to attend the contract signing ceremony that night.
He had said that he would not let the contract signing between Herbscape Group and Damaris Group go on that smoothly. Judging by his attitude then, Roxanne could tell that he was aiming to gain control over Herbscape Group.
Then again, Lucian did not stop her from attending the contract signing ceremony between Herbscape Group and Damaris Group.
So, is this Farwell Group taking revenge against Herbscape Group? Or is the competition between Farwell Group and Damaris Group still going on?
Roxanne was truly stumped. She even wondered if Lucian was doing this because of her. After all, it was unlikely that Lucian did not care about what had happened that morning.
If Herbscape Group’s reputation was smeared because of her, and in turn, affecting Damaris Group as well, Roxanne wouldn't know what she could do to make up for Jack’s losses.
Realizing what she was thinking, Roxanne let out a self-deprecating laugh.
Haven't | already realized this would happen when | signed the contract with Herbscape Group? Lucian is acting as such because he detests me getting too close to Jack.
Roxanne pursed her lips. Well, | could also put the blame on Jack for dragging me into this in this case. Maybe I'll feel better that way.
Meanwhile, in the Farwell residence, Estella still remembered the boys’ remarks after Cayden fetched her home.
She was tasked with finding out if Lucian was also mad at Roxanne.
Estella knew she was to be blamed in this case. If Lucian was truly mad, she felt the need to appease him and urge him to work harder to get Roxanne.
However, it was already ten o'clock at night, and yet Lucian was still nowhere to be seen.
As Estella was already feeling sleepy and had been waiting for a long time, she got a little upset and her eyes turned red.
“Ms. Estella, let’s go and get some sleep upstairs,” Catalina said when she saw that Estella had been waiting in the living room. Estella pouted and shook her head aggrievedly. “Daddy...”
She wanted to wait for Lucian to come back.
Catalina was in a bind right then. “If Mr. Farwell is not back at this hour, | think he'll only be back in the middle of the night. Let’s go to sleep first and wait for him to come back. He will surely visit you in your room. Besides, you can also talk to him in the morning.”
Estella shook her head stubbornly, her little hands clutching the couch.
Catalina let out a defeated sigh. Left with no other choice, she could only stand beside Estella and observe her closely. 
###Chapter 840
Chapter 840
Chapter 840 | Know What She Wants To Say
Estella had always kept to a fixed daily routine. While at Roxanne’s house, she had started getting drowsy at around nine o'clock in the evening and only became a little more awake while on the way home.
Now, she had been sitting on the couch for a long time. Although she dearly wanted to wait for Lucian to return, she could not fight off the sleepiness that washed over her, and her eyes slowly closed.
Catalina knew Estella’s routine like the back of her hand. Upon seeing Estella’s head droop lower and lower, she quickly hurried over to the girl’s side, preparing to catch her at any time.
Just as Catalina anticipated, Estella fell fast asleep within a few minutes, and her body tilted to one side.
Fortunately, Catalina was well-prepared. She caught Estella in her arms, then carefully carried the latter upstairs.
When she finally left Estella’s room and checked the time, she saw it was already late at night.
Ms. Estella was so stubborn just now. It seems as though she really does have something important to discuss with Mr. Farwell. Catalina took out her phone and was about to call Lucian when she suddenly heard a noise from downstairs.
Craning her neck to take a look, she saw Lucian walk into the house with long strides. He was radiating a cold aura. By the looks of it, he must’ve been swamped with work tonight to the point that he still has a frown even after getting home.
“Mr. Farwell,” she called out hesitantly, hurrying down the stairs to greet him. As she took his coat, she said, “Ms. Estella waited for you all night and only just fell asleep.”
Lucian’s frown deepened when he heard that.
Cayden rushed back to the office immediately after sending Estella home, and according to him, Estella has already forgiven Roxanne. She was also reluctant to leave Roxanne’s house. However, there’s no way | can forgive Roxanne. As for what Estella wants to tell me, | can more or less guess what it is she wants to say. | don’t want to hear her take Roxanne’s side, at least for now. After all, Roxanne’s increasingly close relationship with Jack is bad enough to stir up some misunderstanding. Regardless of whether it’s for the children’s sake or my own reasons, | want to teach Roxanne a little lesson.
With that thought in mind, Lucian merely nodded at Catalina expressionlessly and walked upstairs.
Seeing that he did not seem to have caught on to the meaning behind her words, she quickly added, “Ms. Estella seemed to have something important to tell you. Do you want to go and check on her?”
“No. | know what she wants to say,” Lucian replied, rejecting her suggestion indifferently.
With that, he went into his bedroom.
As Catalina watched him leave, she knew she was in no place to say anything more. All she could do was cast a pitying look at Estella’s room.
It's the first time I've seen Ms. Estella like that. | wonder what she wanted to tell Mr. Farwell...
Lucian went to take a shower after going into his room. Then, coming out of the bathroom, he browsed through the day's news, which was a bedtime habit of his.
He had only just started browsing when he came across the online discussions about Herbscape Group, the contents of which caused him to furrow his brows.
As far as | know, only those within the pharmaceutical industry would discover Herbscape Group’s involvement in selling illegal drugs and the bacterial leakage at the company’s biological laboratory.
His first instinct was to suspect that the former employees of Herbscape Group were behind it.
After mulling it over for a little while, he suddenly recalled his conversation with Jonathan that day. Compared to the former employees, this seems more like something Jonathan would do. 
###Chapter 841
Chapter 841
Chapter 841 | Wonder What She Will Think
Over at the Queen residence, Jonathan had spent almost the entire day carefully crafting a plan to spark public criticism. He had even exposed Herbscape Group’s past misdeeds.
Once Herbscape Group’s reputation is ruined, | doubt the Damaris family will still dare to take the risk and collaborate with them. After the Damaris family cuts ties with Herbscape Group, the latter can only come crawling back to Farwell Group, and it'll be much easier for us to acquire Herbscape Group.
With that goal in mind, Jonathan had been monitoring the online sentiment practically the whole day.
He kept a close eye on it until late into the night and could not help feeling somewhat disappointed when he saw that the public outcry still had yet to turn out as he expected.
| wanted all of Horington to be aware of these things Herbscape Group has done. That way, Damaris Group would have no choice but to call off their plans to collaborate with Herbscape Group to avoid getting caught up in a messy situation.
After going through the comments online, Jonathan made a call with a frown. On the other end of the line, a male voice asked respectfully, “Do you have any other instructions, Mr. Queen?” “Is that all you managed to dig up on Herbscape Group?” Jonathan demanded coldly.
The man quickly answered in the negative. “We still have plenty of dirt on them. It’s just that when considering how to deliver a blow that can cause the most damage to Herbscape Group, | thought of releasing the information little by little. You see—"
Jonathan fell silent for a moment before cutting in and asking, “What other information do you have on them? Send them over for me to take a look.”
The person on the other end of the line immediately agreed to do so.
Shortly after, he sent a slew of evidence on Herbscape Group selling counterfeit drugs and smuggling drugs to Jonathan’s phone.
Jonathan narrowed his eyes coldly, then instructed in an icy voice, “Release all of it. Don’t give Herbscape Group any breathing room.”
What happened today must've given Herbscape Group a good jolt. If we hold onto the information, they'll probably have thought of a way to weasel out this scot-free by the time the morning rolls around. By then, even if we release the information, it'll only backfire and turn into a weapon for Herbscape Group to get back at us.
After Jonathan’s reminder, the person on the other end of the line realized the risk and quickly promised to follow Jonathan's instructions.
Not long after the call ended, a barrage of damaging information on Herbscape Group broke out on the internet, and the online discussions grew even more heated.
The stream of shocking revelations stirred a severe distrust toward Herbscape Group among some netizens, who demanded the company compensate them for psychological damages.
On the other hand, others still wanted to give Herbscape Group a chance and urged the company to issue a statement. Jonathan was amused as he read the comments imploring Herbscape Group to give an explanation.
Herbscape Group is probably at their wit’s end by now, trying to think of a way to turn the tables. How will they have the time to read these online comments? Even if they do, they won't be able to present any solid evidence to refute all this. They'd only be asking for a castigation if they stepped out to say something.
While he was gloating over the fruits of his labor, his phone suddenly rang, and his phone screen lit up to show that Lucian was calling him.
For him to call me at such an hour probably means he has seen the chaos | created. However, I’ve no idea what he'll think about what | did.
As those thoughts ran through his mind, Jonathan tamped down his self-satisfaction and answered the call. “What’s up, Lucian?”
Over on the other end of the line, Lucian continued reading the comments online while on the phone. When he saw that another wave of scandalous details had broken out on the internet, a mocking look glinted in his eyes.
Roxanne has always been proud of being a doctor and takes medical ethics very seriously. | wonder what she'll think if she finds out the company she’s working with has done so many unlawful things behind her back. 
###Chapter 842
Chapter 842
Chapter 842 | Do Not Care What It Takes Lucian’s end of the line was so silent that his breathing was clearly audible.
“Lucian?” Puzzled at not getting any response even after waiting for a while, Jonathan called out Lucian’s name. He started feeling tensed, thinking that his actions had drawn Lucian’s displeasure.
There was another long pause before a low voice said, “You're responsible for the online furor I’m seeing, aren’t you?” Lucian’s tone was impassive.
Jonathan pondered for several seconds before admitting frankly, “That was the easiest and quickest method that came to my mind. As long as Herbscape Group’s reputation gets dragged through the mud, they may even end up approaching us, begging for an acquisition.”
That response is not in keeping with Jonathan’s usually free-and-easy demeanor, yet it’s unsurprising. He has put in a lot of effort to get to where he is today and helped his family gain a solid footing in Horington’s business world. Apart from Damaris Group, they're the only other family that’s so powerful. To become a successful businessperson, resorting to despicable means is sometimes necessary.
Lucian frowned slightly after hearing Jonathan admit to it. A strange feeling flitted across his heart, and his thoughts inadvertently turned to Roxanne.
Even though | want to teach her a lesson, this seems like a big mess that could send all the earlier effort she put into being part of this project down the drain.
In the end, Lucian was still hesitant. He simply could not bring himself to be cruel to her. Meanwhile, uneasiness gradually rose in Jonathan’s heart. “Are you thinking that my methods are a little deplorable?”
After all, I’m working for Farwell Group now, and Herbscape Group will have to rely on us in the future. For Farwell Group, such underhanded methods are shameful indeed.
He felt a pang of regret as the realization dawned on him. “If you think it’s inappropriate, | can ask them to take down the discussions at once. | promise that all the damaging information online will also be completely removed.”
Snapping out of his thoughts, Lucian pinched the space between his brows. In the end, he steeled his heart and said, “There’s no need for that. You did very well.”
Jonathan was flabbergasted upon hearing Lucian’s response. “Then what...” If he really does think | did well, what was he thinking about for so long?
Jonathan's brows furrowed as he contemplated the matter for a few seconds. Then, he ventured a guess. “Is it because of Dr. Jarvis?”
The only person Jonathan could think of who could make Lucian change his mind was Roxanne.
However, Lucian continued talking as though he had not heard Jonathan’s question. “It’s just how the business world works. Since Herbscape Group was the one who committed a breach of contract first, they deserve to be taught a lesson.” Lucian’s gaze darkened after he said that.
His words were not merely meant to refer to Herbscape Group but also to persuade himself. Since Roxanne doesn’t know how to keep her distance from other men, | must be the one to give her a wake-up call!
Although Lucian did not say anything, Jonathan still managed to guess what the former was thinking. He also knew Lucian did not want to talk about it. Hence, he followed the latter's lead and changed the subject. “If that’s the case, great! And here | was thinking you wouldn’t be able to accept my way of doing things.”
Lucian smiled faintly, appearing unconcerned. “It’s just a bit of fun. Like | said before, as long as Herbscape Group falls, | don’t care what it takes.”
Besides, it’s not like I've never used worse methods.
After hearing Lucian’s response, Jonathan finally felt at ease. 
###Chapter 843
Chapter 843
Chapter 843 Refuse To Acquire Them
Meanwhile, at the Damaris residence, Jack was leaving the study after his conversation with Hector. On his way back to his room, the butler suddenly approached him with his phone. “Mr. Damaris, a call for you.”
Half an hour earlier, Jack’s phone had been ringing off the hook. However, the butler dared not answer the phone on his behalf while Jack was still discussing matters with his grandfather in the study. He ended up waiting at the stairwell until Jack left the study.
Jack acknowledged the butler’s message with a nod and furrowed his brows slightly when he saw the caller ID. It was a call from Dean Lacroix, the CEO of Herbscape Group.
Why is he calling me at such a late hour? The butler explained helpfully, “He’s been calling you non-stop for half an hour.”
Jack’s heart sank. He answered the call with a frown. Before he could utter a word, Dean’s panicked voice drifted through the receiver.
“Mr. Damaris, thank goodness you've answered your phone! Herbscape Group is in trouble! Please help us! You’re the only person | can think of right now!”
If Dean had known the Damaris residence’s address, he would have knocked down their door in the middle of the night after failing to contact Jack for half an hour.
Puzzlement flitted across Jack’s gaze as he asked, “What happened?”
He had been talking to Hector in the study the whole time and was blissfully unaware of the disaster that had unfolded on the internet.
Dean was in disbelief at Jack’s complete ignorance of the matter. Nonetheless, he did not have the luxury to explain everything to Jack.
“Someone published Herbscape Group’s past scandals on the internet, and it's going viral. I’ve received word from both the State Taxation Administration and International Trade Administration. They're sending men over to investigate my company!”
He then made a plea for help. “Someone must be attacking our company, but | can’t think of a potential culprit. The best thing I can do right now is ask you for help!”
Jack’s frown deepened when he heard of the State Taxation Administration’s and International Trade Administration’s involvement.
He had chosen to collaborate with Herbscape Group because of their scale of operation in Horington.
As for the company’s background, he had arranged for rather extensive investigations and concluded that their scandalous past was well-buried. He would not have worked with them otherwise.
To his surprise, Herbscape Group was now embroiled in a massive scandal.
Dean's anxiety ballooned at Jack’s prolonged silence. He was covered in a cold sweat as he pleaded, “Mr. Damaris, I’m only doing this for both our benefits. We're still collaborators, and Herbscape Group is responsible for supplying medicinal herbs for the Damaris family’s new project. If something happens to us, your project will surely be in hot soup. We're in the same boat here!”
He was clearly worried out of his mind, considering the veiled threat in his plea.
Jack narrowed his gaze in displeasure and replied coldly, “Got it. I’ll think of what to do after forming a better understanding of the situation.”
Then, he hung up without giving Dean a chance to respond.
Dean realized belatedly he had said something wrong when he heard the call-end tone. Regret tinged his features.
If I've offended Jack earlier and ruined our chances of getting his help, I'll need to crawl back to Farwell Group for help.
Dean regretted his decision to break off his contract with Farwell Group more than ever.
Despite Farwell Group’s excellent terms, he had backed out of the contract at the last minute.
If he went back to them for help now, he would have no grounds to renegotiate a decent deal.
In fact, with Herbscape Group’s tainted reputation, Farwell Group could very well refuse to acquire them. 
###Chapter 844
Chapter 844
Chapter 844 Give Me Some Time
After ending his call with Dean, Jack googled Herbscape Group and was swamped with news headlines about the company. Jack read every article carefully, realizing that every post was published that day.
The person behind the exposé clearly did not wish to give Herbscape Group any room to breathe. Jack raised his brows in surprise as he read the news online.
He had to admit that the person who uncovered Herbscape Group's scandalous past was a brilliant mastermind. Only a skilled hacker could dig out the company’s well-hidden scandals.
The discovery significantly narrowed his circle of suspects. There were few people in Horington who were this talented and had a history with Herbscape Group.
Jack could only think of one person—Lucian. Still, Damaris Group and Herbscape Group had formalized their collaboration a long time ago. It seemed a little late to be exacting revenge now. What is he playing at?
Jack narrowed his eyes in thought. Just then, Dean called him again. He was evidently anxious over Jack’s decision. Jack snapped out of his thoughts and nonchalantly picked up the call.
Once the line connected, Dean asked hastily, “Mr. Damaris! What do you think? Herbscape Group can’t afford to wait any longer!”
Dean had mulled over his options and decided to crawl back to Farwell Group for mercy if Jack refused to lend a helping hand. He would throw all his pride out the window and beg Farwell Group if necessary.
Jack sounded calmer than ever as he replied, “Don’t worry about it. Damaris Group has chosen to collaborate with Herbscape Group, and we won't leave you to fend for yourselves in times of trouble.”
Despite his reassurance, Dean's concern was palpable as he asked, “Really?” “How can | help?” asked Jack in return.
After humming and hawing for a while, Dean replied, “Well, | hope Damaris Group can lend us some funds to stabilize Herbscape Group’s share price as soon as possible.”
If their share price continued its free fall, Herbscape Group would have to declare bankruptcy the next day, even without the State Taxation Administration's and International Trade Administration’s investigation.
Jack frowned and asked, “How much are you asking?”
Dean cautiously reported a number, “One point two billion...”
Then, he waited for Jack’s response with his heart in his throat.
That was a massive sum even for Damaris Group, especially because it was going to a company they had just collaborated with. Dean would not be surprised at all if Jack refused his request.
There would only be two possible outcomes then—bankruptcy, or a plea to Farwell Group to acquire them at a dirt-cheap offer.
Neither was an option he preferred.
Jack’s expression darkened slightly when he heard Dean’s request. He mulled over the sum. One point two billion was a fortune, but Damaris Group could still afford it. However, that did not mean it was worth it for a company like Herbscape Group.
Under normal circumstances, Jack would have terminated the contract with Herbscape Group without further thought. They could pay up the penalty, which would cost far less than what Dean was asking for right now.
However, considering that Lucian could be behind Herbscape Group’s scandal, Jack was more inclined to go against his usual instinct.
If Lucian wants to throw a wrench in our plans, why should | let him win so easily? With that thought in mind, Jack agreed to Dean’s request. “All right. Give me some time.”
He hung up on Dean again. 
###Chapter 845
Chapter 845
Chapter 845 All For AWoman Jack’s expression darkened further after he briefed his assistant on how they would help Herbscape Group.
He had easily snapped up the collaboration with Herbscape Group thanks to Lucian, yet now he was paying a hefty price to keep the collaboration and his company’s project alive.
Lucian would laugh his head off if he knew about this.
Something niggled at Jack’s mind. Why would Lucian pull a stunt like this now? He didn’t have to wait this long to punish Herbscape Group for pulling out of their deal. Farwell Group is powerful enough to leak such a scandal way before Herbscape Group signed their deal with us.
Jack failed to think of another reason for what seemed like a belated revenge. His phone lit up with another call as he frowned over the issue.
Jack glanced at the screen and was surprised when he saw the caller ID. He answered the call immediately. “Ms. Jarvis, why are you calling me at such a late hour?”
Roxanne appeared conflicted as she asked, “Have you seen the news about Herbscape Group, Mr. Damaris?” Jack replied in the affirmative, “Mr. Lacroix called me about it earlier. I've agreed to help them.” His response stunned Roxanne.
If she were in Jack’s shoes, she would have cut ties with Herbscape Group immediately so that their scandals would not affect the company’s future projects.
Plus, if Herbscape Group had a history of unlawful practices, it would be difficult to guarantee that they would not do the same while supplying medicinal herbs in the project.
Any error during the project, intentional or not, could potentially cause massive losses to everyone involved.
Jack seemed to have sense her concerns. He reassured her, “We don’t even know if the news on the internet is real or fake. Since we've decided to work with Herbscape Group, we have to believe them. Even if the scandals are true, I’m sure they won’t dare to betray us when they remember how I've helped them today.”
Nonetheless, Roxanne remained hesitant. Herbscape Group’s past actions did not sit well with her medical ethics.
She considered the topic from another angle. Jack was not only the heir to a family with a prestigious background in medicine but also a businessman. It was understandable that he prioritized profits in any of his dealings.
By extension, Roxanne would have to respect Jack’s wishes as a willing participant in his project.
As that thought crossed her mind, Roxanne suppressed her discomfort and replied, “That would be the best. That's all | wanted to call you about. | have nothing else to add since you already know the situation. Let me know if | can help you with anything, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack expressed his gratitude at her offer. “Well, thank you in advance, then, Ms. Jarvis.”
They promptly ended their call.
Jack’s phone screen turned black once more, reflecting the grimness in his gaze.
Roxanne’s phone call reminded him that she was potentially involved in Farwell Group and Herbscape Group's conflict.
Not long ago, Roxanne had agreed to be Herbscape Group’s technical advisor, and the scandals broke out shortly after that.
It seemed far more likely that Lucian’s actions had been triggered by Roxanne than an act of delayed revenge on Herbscape Group.
All for a woman. | can’t believe this could happen to someone like Lucian Farwell. Jack scoffed at the irony of the situation.
If his hypothesis was true, he would gladly take Roxanne up on her offer to help. 
###Chapter 846
Chapter 846
Chapter 846 | Wanted To Tell You Something
Lucian woke up later than usual the next morning, having spent the night before following online discussions of Herbscape Group’s scandals.
When he opened his room door, he was instantly greeted by the sight of a furious little girl. He knew Estella was angry at him because he did not check in on her after getting home last night.
Lucian frowned, but he hid his frustration well. She was his child, after all, and he was not about to ignore her. He pretended not to notice her fury as he asked, “Essie, why are you looking for me so early in the morning?”
Estella looked up at her father and said grumpily, “Daddy’s a meanie! Daddy doesn’t care about me at all!” Lucian’s brows arched in surprise. He did not expect his daughter to arrive at such a conclusion. “Why would you say that?” he asked calmly despite knowing the reason behind her petulance.
Estella puffed up her cheeks in anger, but it soon deflated into sadness as she whined, “Ms. Catalina said you came home last night.”
She had already been upset at herself for falling asleep before her father returned home.
She had thought Lucian would visit her once he arrived home, but no one woke her up.
In fact, when she got up that morning, she had thought her father had been out the whole night and felt sorry for him.
Estella then headed downstairs, where to her dismay, Catalina revealed that Lucian had come home the night before.
Her sympathy instantly morphed into anger, and she stalked back upstairs, waiting outside Lucian’s bedroom to interrogate him. Lucian knew Estella would burst into angry tears if he continued playing dumb.
He knitted his brows resignedly and bent down to stroke his daughter’s hair. “I was too tired last night, so | went straight to my room to rest instead of checking on you.”
Estella scrutinized his face for a long time.
Convinced that he was not lying, Estella gradually let go of her anger.
She tugged on his shirt and wailed, “But Daddy, | wanted to tell you something last night.”
Lucian sighed to himself. It was impossible to evade the topic that Estella pointedly wished to discuss.
He would have entertained her advice before knowing about Jonathan's actions.
Now, however, he was doing something that could make Roxanne’s life difficult, and he was worried he would regret his actions after hearing Estella sing her mother’s praises.
Lucian removed Estella’s hand from his shirt and ruffled her hair, coaxing, “I have to rush to the office. Can we talk about this after | get back from work?”
Before she could react, Lucian straightened himself and walked around his daughter.
Estella realized belatedly that Lucian had escaped her sight. She hastily chased after him and whined, “But | won't take up a lot of time. Wait for me, Daddy...”
Lucian frowned but resolutely ignored her pleas.
Meanwhile, Catalina watched them coming downstairs and was perturbed at how unmoved Lucian seemed despite Estella’s anxious expression.
She guessed the reason behind the young girl's distress and said carefully, “Mr. Farwell, Ms. Estella was asking about—” Her words abruptly cut off when she noticed Estella almost tumbling down the stairs in her haste to reach her father.
“Ms. Estella!” Catalina shrieked while racing toward the girl. 
###Chapter 847
Chapter 847
Chapter 847 She Already Apologized
Amoment of silence descended upon the room. When Lucian saw Catalina’s expression, he instinctively turned around. His heart skipped when he saw the state Estella was in. He swiftly reached out and caught Estella. “Be careful.”
At the sight of Lucian holding Estella, Catalina heaved a sigh of relief. Although Estella was only a few steps away from the floor, she was small and fragile. It would be dangerous if she were to fall.
Estella had been in a hurry to chase Lucian that she did not watch her steps. The moment she missed her footing, she was so terrified that she couldn't make a sound at all.
Although Lucian had caught her in time, she only felt more and more aggrieved. Why didn’t Daddy wait for me?
At that thought, Estella looked up at Lucian with a pout and grumbled, “I couldn’t keep up with you because you were walking too fast.”
Lucian furrowed his brows. He knew that Estella was blaming him for her almost accident. Meeting her eyes, he said helplessly, “Essie, | told you that I’m really busy these days.”
| never knew she was such a stubborn little girl. She’s doing this because she wants to speak up for Roxanne. Estella looked even more upset when she heard Lucian.
| almost tripped, but it seems that Daddy doesn’t plan to listen to what | have to say. If this drags on, when will Daddy and Ms. Jarvis be together?
Faced with Estella’s pitiful countenance, Lucian sighed inwardly.
He just couldn’t help but give in to her.
“Okay, I'll listen to you, but we only have three minutes. | have to leave after three minutes.”
Immediately, Estella’s eyes lit up. She bobbed her head obediently and asked, “Were you angry at Ms. Jarvis last night?” Lucian nodded.
His fury was written all over his face the night before. Even if he denied it, Estella probably wouldn’t believe him.
Puffing her cheeks, Estella said adorably, “Daddy, can you forgive Ms. Jarvis? She already apologized to me last night!” Lucian raised his brow at that.
What kind of logic is that? Why do | have to forgive Roxanne just because she apologized to Essie?
Indeed, Lucian was mad because of how Roxanne treated Estella. However, her attitude toward him was also one of the reasons for his anger.
Estella refused to give up. She continued seriously, “Ms. Jarvis already knows that she was wrong. If you still don’t forgive her, | will be sad!”
Left with no choice, Lucian scrunched his eyebrows and said, “All right, I'll forgive her.” He figured Estella wouldn't let him go if he didn’t give in that day. Even after hearing his words, Estella stared at him doubtfully for a while.
Lucian did not give her time to speak. He put her down on the floor and said, “Time’s up. | have to go to work now. Stay at home and be good.”
Noticing that he was just trying to get this over with, Estella felt a bit agitated.
She wanted to stop him, but Lucian stroked her head and turned around right away. Before leaving, he did not forget to remind Catalina to take good care of Estella. 
###Chapter 848
Chapter 848
Chapter 848 Not That Easy
Due to the sudden scandal about Herbscape Group, Jack had spent the whole night thinking. In the end, he decided that since he had sacrificed so much, he had to drag Lucian down with him.
Early the next morning, Jack drove to Roxanne’s house. Roxanne was eating breakfast with Archie and Benny when the doorbell rang. She couldn’t help but wonder who it was.
When she saw the person standing at the door, she was surprised. “Mr. Damaris, what brings you here so early in the morning? Did anything happen to Herbscape Group again?”
As she spoke, she looked at Jack in confusion and stepped aside to let him in.
Jack nodded firmly, looking solemn. “I spent a lot of money yesterday and helped stabilize their stock prices, but this morning, Herbscape Group was ordered to stop its operation. All of its projects and activities will have to be postponed from now on.”
This meant that if they carried on with their project, Herbscape Group would likely be unable to supply them with medicines on time.
As a result, the money Jack spent would also go to waste. When Roxanne realized that, she said worriedly, “Then our project...” “It will also have to be postponed.” Jack rubbed his temples and casually mentioned, “I wonder who Herbscape Group offended.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne thought of her speculation the day before. Guilt filled her as she took in Jack’s distressed appearance.
In an attempt to change the topic, she cleared her throat and said, “Does this mean Damaris Group’s efforts all this time will be in vain? It must be a huge loss.”
Jack’s frown deepened as he remarked, “The money | spent yesterday alone was a huge figure. | originally planned to temporarily stabilize Herbscape Group’s situation with that money, but | didn’t expect the officials to act so quickly.”
“If there’s nothing serious, Herbscape Group will probably be able to resume its operations after the investigation today, right? It’s just that it will need some time to repair its reputation,” Roxanne commented, looking uneasy.
The next second, she heard Jack chuckle helplessly. “It’s not that easy.” Roxanne knitted her brows in puzzlement and looked at him.
Jack shrugged. “Seeing how the person behind this can ruin Herbscape Group’s reputation in one day and how the officials treat this matter so seriously, | believe that person must have a powerful background. If that person doesn’t want to go easy on Herbscape Group, then nothing good will come out of the investigation today.”
In short, Herbscape Group had no control over its fate. It was at the mercy of that person behind the scene.
Even if Herbscape Group were really innocent, it would be found guilty if that person said so.
Roxanne had considered the possibility of Lucian being the person behind the scene, but she had never thought so deeply about the matter.
With Jack’s reminder, Roxanne started to doubt the news and the evidence in the reports she had seen the day before.
Did Herbscape Group really do those things, or is that what Lucian wants to make them out to be? What is Lucian trying to achieve by doing this?
Roxanne and Jack talked while walking into the living room, then sat down on the couch.
Roxanne’s mind was filled her speculations about Lucian that she was in a daze for some time. When she finally came back to her senses, she stood up apologetically and hurriedly prepared a cup of coffee for Jack. 
###Chapter 849
Chapter 849
Chapter 849 Something To Do With Me
Jack accepted the cup of coffee from Roxanne and said politely, “Thanks.” Roxanne sat down beside him on the couch and stared at him solemnly. “What should | do now?”
A major incident had erupted at Herbscape Group. Yet, Jack dropped by early in the morning to look for her. It meant that he needed her help. However, Jack responded with another question, “Do you have a suspect in mind?”
Roxanne was stunned by his question. In fact, she had a suspect in mind, but she did not know how to approach the subject. Subconsciously, she refused to believe that Lucian would do such a thing.
“Mr. Lacroix of Herbscape Group told me that he suspects Farwell Group is behind the incident.” Jack fabricated Dean’s words expressionlessly. “It’s because Herbscape Group broke off the contract at the last minute, and as such, Farwell Group decided to take revenge on them.”
Roxanne frowned and kept quiet. Dean’s suspicions were the same as hers. Jack glanced at her and continued, “In my opinion, that might not be the case.”
Roxanne was confused by his words. She thought Jack meant that Lucian might not be the mastermind. “Mr. Damaris, you think...” Before she could finish, she noticed Jack staring at her with an inscrutable expression on his face.
When she met his gaze, Roxanne fell silent, and her heart sank. Jack spoke slowly. “I’m more inclined to think Mr. Farwell took action against Herbscape Group because of me.”
Roxanne was astonished. After a moment's silence, she asked, “Why do you say so? Is it because Damaris Group snatched Herbscape Group away from him previously?”
Jack noticed the shift in Roxanne’s expression and smiled wryly. “Ms. Jarvis, are you still going to play dumb with me after all we've been through?”
Getting stared at by Jack made Roxanne feel guilty, but she did not know what he was getting at. Moreover, she had no idea how to answer him, so she merely gazed at him blankly.
“| bet a smart person could tell how much Mr. Farwell cares about you.” Jack smiled bitterly and shook his head. “Earlier, | also assumed that my dispute with Mr. Farwell was only business-related. However, after thinking about it last night, | thought of you.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Jack looked away mysteriously and took a sip of his coffee. On the contrary, Roxanne shuddered. So, based on what Jack has told me, what Lucian did has something to do with me? However...
Just when Roxanne was still trying to convince herself that it was not because of her, Jack’s voice sounded beside her ears again.
He said, “It’s true that, of late, we’ve become closer due to work. As such, | can’t blame Mr. Farwell if he misunderstands our relationship.” Jack feigned a calm grin. “Nonetheless, | now hold a grudge against Mr. Farwell as a result of this issue.”
After a while, Roxanne finally snapped back to her senses and forced a wan smile. “You must be mistaken, Mr. Damaris. My relationship with Mr. Farwell isn’t what you think...”
She wanted to explain when she got interrupted by a strange, meaningful gleam in Jack’s eyes. “Perhaps, you're the only one who thinks that way,” he said.
Roxanne was stunned.
For one moment, she was almost convinced by Jack’s gaze and tone.
Does the incident at Herbscape Group really have something to do with me? 
###Chapter 850
Chapter 850
Chapter 850 A Bit Reluctant “Mommy!” While Roxanne was still doubting herself, Archie and Benny’s sweet voices could be heard.
The boys had been waiting in the dining room for quite some time. When Roxanne did not return, they thought Lucian had arrived with Estella, so they ran outside excitedly.
However, when they saw the man on the couch, the boys instantly became wary of him. Although Archie and Benny had only met Jack once, they had a lasting impression of that man.
They were already worried that Jack would steal their mother away from their father. Furthermore, they knew their parents had a fight yesterday because of Jack.
Since Jack had dropped by early in the morning to look for Roxanne, Archie and Benny couldn't help having their guard up.
“Hello.” Jack smiled at the boys and stood up. “I didn’t prepare a gift for you when we met the last time. Hence, to be on the safe side, | stored a gift in my car so that | can hand it to you when | see you. Hang on, I'll get it.”
Then, Jack left the mansion to get the gift. Once he was out, Archie and Benny huddled up to their mother and asked, “Mommy, why did Mr. Damaris drop by today?”
Roxanne pushed her frustrations away and tried her best to force a smile at her children. “Nothing, it’s just because of work. Don’t worry.”
Work again.
Archie and Benny glanced at each other. Yesterday, Jack had also summoned Roxanne away using work as an excuse. As a result, Lucian and Roxanne argued over this matter.
“Well, are you going to work today, Mommy?” The boys displayed pitiful expressions on purpose and murmured, “You promised you’d take us out today!”
Ever since her return, Roxanne would take her children outside almost every weekend to relax.
Yesterday, she had been summoned by Jack to give a tour of the research institute. As such, she had to reschedule her plans with her children for this day.
A major incident had erupted at Herbscape Group the day before, and Roxanne was worried about it. Still, she did not want to disappoint her children and decided to go out with them as planned.
However, she did not expect Jack to visit her early in the morning.
At that point, she was not sure of the day’s plans.
Archie and Benny lowered their heads woefully when they did not receive a response from their mother.
Seeing their looks of disappointment, Roxanne caressed their heads apologetically. “I’m sorry. If there isn’t anything important, Mommy will try not to leave the house. Even if | do, I'll be back soon. All right?”
The boys were still a bit reluctant about it.
They refused to let their mother spend another minute with Jack, let alone have her go out with him.
Roxanne was oblivious to her sons’ thoughts. She merely assumed they were upset because she could not spend time with them, so she tried her best to console them.
While she was comforting her children, Jack entered the mansion with a gift in his hands. “| learned from your mother that you like Lego, so | bought this for you. | hope you like it,” he announced. Although Archie and Benny disliked Jack, they had good manners.
They turned around upon hearing Jack’s voice and accepted the gift. Instead of telling him whether they liked it, they just replied courteously, “Thank you, Mr. Damaris.” 
###Chapter 851
Chapter 851
Chapter 851 My Stomach Is Hurting
Jack didn’t mind. Instead, he flashed a meaningful grin. “Don’t thank me first. I'm giving you these presents because | have a favor to ask.”
Hearing that, the kids immediately put up their guard.
Roxanne was similarly baffled. This is only his second time meeting the children. What favor does he have to ask from them? Just as she was wondering, she noticed Jack looking at her, causing her to be startled.
The next second, he looked at the kids again and said, “I need to borrow your mommy for a while. Is that all right?”
The kids exchanged glances, having already expected that to happen. We knew it. He’s here to take Mommy away again. If Daddy knows about this, | wonder how long Mommy and Daddy's next fight will last before they reconcile.
At that thought, the kids shook their heads without hesitation and uttered matter-of-factly, “Mommy promised to bring us out to have fun today. Adults shouldn't lie to children!”
Hearing that, Jack shot Roxanne a surprised look.
Roxanne was instantly caught in a tight spot.
She fathomed Jack must be there to take her away because of work-related matters. The only thing she didn’t know was the severity of the issue.
Jack explained solemnly, “I’ve tried my best to acquire more time from Mr. Lacroix. Herbscape Group will be sealed for investigation at ten o'clock in the morning. Before that happens, we can still enter the premises to bring out whatever material we need to facilitate and ease our subsequent research. This is also why | came here so early this morning.”
Roxanne tensed up after listening to his elaboration. | didn’t notice anything unusual about his behavior or ask him any questions about his arrival. Since we're so short on time, why did he waste so much time telling me all those things earlier?
Sensing the urgency of the circumstances, Roxanne immediately persuaded her children, “Darlings, | must leave now. You two stay at home obediently and wait for me to come home. I'll definitely bring you out to play, okay?”
Archie and Benny were reluctant to let Roxanne leave. Still, because it was a work-related problem, they couldn’t come up with an excuse to refuse her.
After saying that to her kids, Roxanne got up to leave.
The boys grew more anxious as they could tell Roxanne was about to leave the house.
Benny hastily tugged at Archie’s sleeves, hinting at the latter to think of a solution.
Although they were equally smart, Archie was better at keeping his composure most of the time.
Archie frowned and cautiously stole a glance at Jack and Roxanne after receiving Benny’s signal. When he saw that the adults weren't paying attention to them, he swiftly gestured at Benny with a significant look and mouthed at his brother to pretend to be sick.
Archie was confident that Roxanne would prioritize their health over her work.
The boys shared a tacit understanding. Benny swiftly grasped his brother's intention and crouched on the floor, grimacing and clutching his stomach.
Archie glanced at Roxanne, who had reached the door, before turning to look at Benny and exclaiming, “What's wrong with you, Benny?”
Hearing his voice, Roxanne stopped in her tracks and turned around.
Her heart lurched when she saw Benny crouching on the floor and hugging his stomach. She strode up to him at once. “What's the matter? Are you feeling unwell?”
Benny sniffled and gazed at her pitifully. “Mommy, my stomach is hurting so badly.” 
###Chapter 852
Chapter 852
Chapter 852 Exposed
Roxanne knitted her brows and stared at Benny confusedly for some time. He was fine just now. Why is his stomach hurting all of a sudden? He seems to be in a lot of pain.
Archie, standing aside, sensed his mother’s doubt. His eyes gleamed, and he hurriedly frowned as well. “Perhaps we caught a cold when sleeping last night. My stomach is a little upset too.”
Roxanne was finally convinced after hearing that. She turned to look at Jack apologetically and said, “I’m sorry, Mr. Damaris. The kids are not feeling well. | need to check on them.”
Jack sized up Archie and Benny before grinning considerately. “Their health is important. | don’t mind waiting a little longer. You can summon me any time if you need assistance.”
Jack was almost as skilled as Roxanne in medical practice. Not only that, but he also had a few years of experience in providing medical consultations to children. He was very knowledgeable in diagnosing children’s conditions.
Archie and Benny exchanged a panicky look when they heard Jack’s offer to help.
They nearly forgot that he was also an incredible physician.
Their pretense of being sick would be exposed if Jack was the one to examine them, and they reckoned Roxanne wouldn't be pleased to find out about their deceit.
While the boys contemplated on the way to reject Jack’s kind gesture, Roxanne said, “It’s fine. I’m more familiar with the condition of their bodies anyway. Please sit in the living room for a while, Mr. Damaris. I'll come downstairs right after I’m done treating them.”
Jack nodded indifferently and reoccupied the seat on the couch.
The boys let out an inward sigh of relief after Roxanne turned down the offer in their stead. Then, they compliantly followed her upstairs.
Ahelpless look spread across Roxanne’s face as she led her sons into the bedroom.
She had noticed the changes in their facial expressions when Jack had volunteered to help. Naturally, she could guess that Archie and Benny were probably lying.
Nevertheless, Roxanne was still a little worried, so she told the kids to lie on the bed and began to examine their bodies.
“Can you point out which part of your stomach is hurting?” She stood beside Benny and gazed at him concernedly.
Of course, Benny wasn’t feeling any pain. However, since there was no turning back, he could only brace himself and gesture randomly. “All these places are hurting.”
After saying that, he questioned his mother piteously, “Mommy, am | very sick?”
Looking at the places pointed out by Benny, Roxanne felt utterly helpless. If these places were really hurting, he would've been beyond treatment a long time ago. Still, if | expose him now, he probably won't learn the lesson and will resort to tricking me with this method again in the future.
With that thought in her mind, she feigned seriousness and grasped Benny's wrist. She checked his pulse and pressed various spots on his stomach while asking him about his signs and symptoms.
Benny felt ticklish because of the way his mother was applying pressure on his abdomen. Still, he contained the urge to laugh and complained that all the spots she touched were painful.
Roxanne thought Benny was quite pitiable for having to suppress his laughter. Ultimately, she stopped tormenting him and loosened her grip while wearing a solemn facial expression.
“Mommy...” Archie called out warily to his mother when he noticed her unusual countenance, thinking that she had seen through their falsehood.
Roxanne furrowed her brows and looked at Benny worriedly. “There’s a chance you're suffering from acute appendicitis. You'll need to undergo surgery as soon as possible. Don’t be afraid. I'll send you to the hospital right away.”
With that, she pretended as if she was going to lift Benny in her arms.
The colors drained from Benny's face after he heard his mother say he needed surgery. 
###Chapter 853
Chapter 853
Chapter 853 Sore Spot
“Mommy...” Benny’s voice trembled slightly as he attempted to conceal his fear. “Do | have to go for the surgery?”
Roxanne nodded fervently. “Your acute appendicitis will only worsen if you don’t, and you’ll be in even more pain. I’m worried about you.”
Benny hesitated for several seconds and gradually removed his hand from his stomach. “Mommy, I’m feeling much better. I’m perfectly fine now. Let’s not go for the surgery, please?”
Roxanne shook her head at once.
Archie and Benny eyed one another. Their eyes were full of fear and regret.
Archie tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s shirt gingerly and said obediently, “Mommy, we're both sorry for lying to you just now. | was the one who asked Benny to pretend to be sick. Please don’t bring him for surgery.”
Benny got down from the bed and stood before Roxanne guiltily as well.
Roxanne looked down at Archie and Benny and sighed internally before ruffling their hair. “Have you learned from your mistake?”
They hurriedly nodded.
Roxanne crouched down to their eye level and asked patiently, “Can both of you tell me why you felt the need to lie?”
Archie and Benny exchanged glances again and were at a loss for words.
Roxanne waited silently and didn’t pester them for an answer.
“Because... we don’t like Mr. Damaris,” Benny admitted apprehensively, then carefully observed Roxanne’s expression.
A look of surprise flashed across Roxanne’s eyes.
She had assumed the children had pretended to be sick to prevent her from leaving. Little did she know it had nothing to do with that altogether.
This was the second time she’d heard Benny and Archie actively disliking someone.
Previously, it was Aubree, as they'd witnessed her and Frieda causing trouble for her.
However, Jack had always been kind to both her and the children.
She could not comprehend why they’d say such a thing.
“Can you tell me why you don’t like Mr. Damaris?” Roxanne asked in puzzlement.
Benny and Archie pursed their lips and did not give a reason. “No idea. We just don’t like him.”
Roxanne furrowed her brows and looked at them earnestly. “You can’t say that. No matter what the reason is, you have to give me one. Otherwise, | won't be able to decline Mr. Damaris’ kind offers on your behalf in the future.”
Benny frowned in reluctance and lowered his head further at that.
They couldn’t possibly reveal that it was because Jack would steal Roxanne from Lucian.
Roxanne tried her luck on Archie instead at Benny’s reticence.
Archie said innocently, “The reason is that ever since you met Mr. Damaris, you’ve been spending far lesser time with us. This happened yesterday and today as well.”
His words hit Roxanne’s sore spot.
She'd indeed been busy with work after knowing Jack and had neglected her children.
Lucian had even confronted her about it the day before.
Roxanne immediately felt apologetic toward Benny and Archie and didn’t even doubt the veracity of their words.
“Mommy, can you stay and accompany us today?”
The children once again played the sympathy card. 
###Chapter 854
Chapter 854
Chapter 854 Feign Ignorance
Roxanne caressed Benny's and Archie’s heads. “I’m sorry, but | have important work that requires immediate attention. Both of you have heard that the company is going to be seized shortly. | have to take a trip there no matter what.”
The two children stared at the ground in sullen silence.
They knew how important work meant to her.
However, they still detested the fact that she would be spending time with Jack in the process.
Roxanne felt apologetic yet confused as she took in the children’s reluctant looks.
The children didn’t mind when she was up to her neck with work overseas.
They didn’t even utter a word of complaint when she was occupied with finding a medicinal herbs company for the research institute when she was back in the country.
What is it this time?
“Mommy, are you going to let Mr. Damaris become our daddy?” Benny blurted out.
Roxanne paused for several seconds and finally understood the children’s concerns. She did not know whether to be amused or upset as she assured them, “Mr. Damaris and | are work partners, nothing more. He’s like the others you've met when we were overseas.” She locked her eyes on both Benny and Archie intensely. “Both of you need not worry. I'll ask for your opinions first if | ever have any plans to do so. | won't let someone you dislike become your daddy.”
The weight on the children’s hearts had finally been lifted as they inclined their heads compliantly.
Roxanne let out a sigh of relief now that Benny and Archie understood her.
Checking the time and seeing that it was getting late, Roxanne got to her feet and patted Benny’s and Archie’s heads affectionately. “I'd better get going, or it’d affect my work. Both of you, wait for me at home. I'll be back soon. We'll go out together and have fun later.”
They promised to be obedient and apologized to Roxanne once more. “We're sorry for scaring you just now, Mommy.”
Roxanne smiled. “It’s all right as long as you’re aware of your mistakes. Don’t hesitate to tell me anything next time and don’t pretend to be sick again. I'll be worried.”
The children agreed to that. Then Roxanne turned to make her way downstairs.
Jack was sitting on the couch downstairs. He got to his feet at the sight of her and asked, “How are the children?”
Roxanne gave a sheepish grin as she recalled the children’s words. “They might have gotten a cold last night. | gave them some medicine and told them to get some rest.”
Jack inclined his head slightly. “If that’s the case, you need not trouble yourself. | can head to Herbscape Group myself.”
“It’s all right. We'll just come back sooner.”
Jack did not bother convincing her any further and assented at once.
Meanwhile, Lucian left the Farwell residence in a hurry without eating breakfast.
Estella lost her appetite and was fuming, as she didn’t get to finish saying what she wanted to say.
Catalina tried coaxing her for some time, but she shook her head stubbornly and refused to open her mouth.
“Ms. Estella...” Catalina glanced at Estella helplessly.
Estella raised her head and looked at Catalina pitifully. “Ms. Catalina, | want to go and play with Archie and Benny.”
She had no idea how to tell her father that she needed help from the brothers.
Catalina’s heart went out to Estella. However, she had no choice but to feign ignorance as she recalled Lucian’s orders before he left the premises. 
###Chapter 855
Chapter 855
Chapter 855 He Did Not Want To Lie
Estella’s mood turned sullen when Catalina didn’t respond.
A few minutes later, Catalina gave in and explained, “Mr. Farewell is very busy these days. He ordered me to make sure that you stay at home obediently. If you want to go anywhere, you'll have to ask him when he’s back.”
The thought of her father had Estella turn her head to the side in frustration.
Catalina let out a sigh and called Lucian.
Lucian was having a meeting at the office when his phone vibrated. Seeing Catalina’s name flashing across the screen, he hesitated briefly before leaving the room to take the call. “What is it?”
Catalina shot a glance at the still-upset Estella before speaking into the phone. “Ms. Estella has been sulking since morning, Mr. Farwell, and she didn’t even touch her breakfast.”
When Estella heard Catalina talking to her father on the phone, she slowly turned around and stared at the phone.
She wanted to talk to her father too.
Noticing Estella’s intention, Catalina passed her the phone.
Lucian was about to ask for the reason when he heard his daughter’s voice.
“Daddy, | want to play with Archie and Benny.”
Estella’s voice reflected her surly mood.
When Lucian recalled Estella’s anxious and sad expression before he left for work that morning, his heart softened.
Yet remembering Roxanne’s ruthlessness had him frowning with displeasure. “Ms. Jarvis is very busy lately, so be a good girl and stay at home, okay? Don’t create trouble for Ms. Jarvis.”
Estella harrumphed.
Lucian rubbed his temples, feeling the throbbing in his head. “Be good. I'll bring you to the amusement park after work.”
“No!” Estella pouted. “I want to play with Archie and Benny.”
Lucian looked toward the conference room and coaxed, ‘I still have some work to do. We'll talk about this tonight.”
Naturally, Estella wouldn't take his words seriously after last night’s incident. Not only did she defy him, she even moved the topic to something that worsened Lucian’s headache.
“You said you were going to make Ms. Jarvis my mommy. Why are you not letting me go and play at her house? You're just angry at her!”
Estella brought up the issue she had raised that morning. Lucian didn’t reply to her and merely scrunched up his brows.
He was unsatisfied with Roxanne, but if Estella found out about it, surely she would blame him.
Yet he didn’t want to lie to her.
Estella knew her father’s character. She sniffled, and her eyes turned red.
Hearing her sniffle, Lucian said resignedly, “I'll help you find a mommy. It won't necessarily be Ms. Jarvis, but I’m sure you'll like her.”
“No!”
Tears started streaming down Estella’s cheeks as she sobbed, “I want Ms. Jarvis! | only want her! Bad Daddy!”
Catalina didn’t expect that a phone call would send the child into a crying fit. She hurried over to Estella’s side to comfort her. “What's wrong, Ms. Estella?”
Alas, Cataline’s soothing words fell on deaf ears as Estella began bawling harder.
Lucian’s brows creased when he heard the chaos on the other side. “Catalina, please look after Estella. I'll be right back.” “Okay.”
After hanging up the call, Lucian strode back into the conference room, handed over his position as the chairperson of the meeting to his vice president, and raced back to the Farwell residence. 
###Chapter 856
Chapter 856
Chapter 856 Can You Forgive Me When Lucian returned to the Farwell residence, Estella was no longer in the living room, and Catalina was nowhere to be found.
“Mr. Farwell.” He reached for his phone, about to call Catalina when she came down the stairs with a grim expression. His eyebrows drew together as he asked, “Where's Essie?”
Catalina pointed at Estella’s room on the second floor and said, “Ms. Estella has locked herself in her room again. | don’t know how to get her out.”
Estella had been crying non-stop since the call ended. No matter how much Catalina consoled her, she refused to calm down. After bawling for a while, Estella abruptly picked herself up and dashed to her room upstairs.
Catalina’s reaction was merely slower by a split second. By the time she reached the second floor, Estella had already locked herself in her room. No matter what Catalina said, Estella would not open her door.
At first, Cataline could still hear Estella’s muffled sobs. But the muffled crying died down after a while, leaving only silence.
Catalina panicked and called Lucian, but Lucian didn’t pick up any of her calls. She wanted to get the keys to Estella’s room but had no idea where Lucian kept them.
Just as she was losing hope, she heard movement at the front door. Catalina rushed down the stairs, hoping it was Lucian at the front door, and relief flooded her at the sight of him.
Lucian frowned after hearing about Estella’s behavior. He marched up the stairs without changing into indoor slippers. Catalina hurriedly trailed after him, and they stood at the door to Estella’s room.
Lucian suppressed the unease pricking his chest and knocked on the door. “Open up, Essie. I’m home.”
There was no movement inside.
Lucian glanced at Catalina with a furrow between his eyebrows.
Anxiety crossed Catalina’s face. “It’s been like this for a while now. | think you should get the key for the door, Mr. Farwell.” Perhaps Estella heard Catalina’s suggestion as something hit the door hard right after.
Obviously, Estella didn’t want them entering her room.
Catalina was worried and felt sorry for Estella. “Ms. Estella, please calm down and talk it out with Mr. Farwell. He has always loved you very much.”
Another thud sounded at the door.
Lucian frowned at her tantrum and silently left to grab the keys in his study.
The second he cracked the door open, a doll flew toward him.
Lucian moved to the side, letting the doll fly over his shoulder and out the door, finally landing by Catalina’s feet.
Catalina looked down at the doll on the floor, and distress filled her eyes.
It was Estella’s favorite doll when she was younger. She had never thrown it before when she was ill, even during her worst fits of anger.
Comprehension dawned on Catalina that Estella was beyond furious.
Lucian walked into the room and saw that Estella had curled herself up in the corner of her bed.
Seeing that Lucian had entered, Estella buried her head between her knees in anger. She didn’t want Lucian to see her expression.
Ata glance, Lucian felt as if time had turned back to Estella’s autistic days.
His heart sank, but it didn’t stop him from approaching her. He crossed the room slowly to sit down beside her. “| know you're mad at me for not listening to you, but I’m indeed busy these days. Can you forgive me?” Estella shook her head silently.
Not only did Daddy not listen to me, he even went back on his word during the call earlier! He promised me he would make Ms. Jarvis my mommy, but now he’s saying my mommy won't necessarily be Ms. Jarvis! Bad Daddy! 
###Chapter 857
Chapter 857
Chapter 857 Give Her A Call
Lucian felt helpless upon seeing how unperturbed Estella was by what he said. Ever since the little girl got close to Roxanne, she had been practicing double standards and treating her better than him.
What Roxanne did last night was too much, but Essie still decided to forgive her. Yet, Essie is mad at me for not paying attention to all the good things she said about that woman. She isn’t even listening to me anymore.
Had Lucian not learned that Roxanne was Estella’s biological mother, he might have had difficulty accepting the double standards.
After a short while, Lucian suppressed his grievance and comforted the little girl, “Didn’t you say you have something to tell me? I'm all ears now.”
Estella lifted her head and glanced at him. Lucian’s eyes darkened, and his heart sank when he saw the expression on her face. He thought she did not give him any response because she was upset.
However, when she lifted her head, he realized her cheeks were stained with tears. “Bad Daddy...” Estella said in between sobs, feeling utterly aggrieved.
Lucian was stunned by her reaction. Instead of upsetting the little girl further, he nodded and tried pacifying her. “Yes, it’s all my fault.”
He wanted to go near Estella to wipe off her tears, but she took a few steps back as if she was avoiding a monster.
The man’s hand was left hanging mid-air. Her reaction now instantly reminded him again of the time when she was autistic. Estella might have started conversing with people, but at that moment, she was acting like how she did in the past.
“| don’t want Daddy!” The little girl burst into tears. “I want Ms. Jarvis...”
Lucian’s eyes darkened.
Seeing Estella crying nonstop, Catalina immediately looked at Lucian and suggested, “Mr. Farwell, why don’t you give Mrs. Farwell a call?”
She thought it might be helpful for Estella to listen to Roxanne’s voice.
Lucian’s gaze turned even darker when he heard how Catalina addressed Roxanne, but he knew he had to do something to calm Estella down.
After remaining silent for a few seconds, Lucian took out his phone and dialed Roxanne’s number. Meanwhile, Roxanne had arrived at the entrance of Herbscape Group.
Before this, Jack had informed Dean they were coming. By the time they arrived, Dean was already waiting for them in the lobby.
“Hello, Mr. Damaris. Nice to see you, Dr. Jarvis,” Dean greeted them respectfully. Roxanne could not help but feel ironic when she noticed the change in his attitude.
The last time when they met at the agreement signing ceremony between Herbscape Group and Damaris Group, Roxanne remembered Dean was siill all high and mighty.
At that time, Dean viewed himself as the equal partner of Damaris Group.
Yet, everything seemed to have changed in the blink of an eye after yesterday's incident.
Jack responded to his greeting with a gentle nod. Then, in an icy voice, he asked, “Are we ready?”
Their interaction at the entrance could have easily misled people into believing Jack was Dean’s superior.
Dean, who did not seem to be bothered by Jack's attitude, played along. “Yes, everything’s ready. You can collect the items after signing the document.” With a grateful look, he added, “Mr. Damaris, | want to thank you for what you did last night. And don’t worry. As long as Herbscape Group can overcome this crisis, we'll follow your commands and do everything as you say!” 
###Chapter 858
Chapter 858
Chapter 858 That Is Not What | Meant
Acorner of Jack's lips quirked up. The one billion and two hundred million | forked out last night do make a big difference. He was not surprised by Dean’s humble behavior that day.
Oblivious to what had happened between the two men last night, Roxanne kept mum and stood behind Jack. The moment they stepped into Herbscape Group, Roxanne’s phone rang.
The two men stopped walking and turned around to look at her. Roxanne responded with an apologetic smile before fishing out her phone from her pocket. Her expression stiffened when she saw the caller’s name on the screen.
“What's wrong? Are the kids not feeling well?” Jack expressed his concern.
Roxanne froze for a bit upon hearing that. After regaining her composure, she hung up the phone and smiled. “It’s not an urgent matter. Let’s sign the papers first, shall we?”
Jack and Dean did not think much. They turned around and continued walking. However, Roxanne’s phone rang again after she took a few steps.
Her heart sank when she saw the name on the screen. This time, she apologized to Jack and Dean. “I’m sorry. | have to take this call. Please proceed without me. I'll catch up with you shortly.”
After bobbing her head at the men, Roxanne turned around, walked to the entrance, and answered the call. Before she could speak, she heard Estella wailing from the other end of the phone.
“What's wrong? What happened to Essie?” Roxanne was worried about the little girl.
Lucian suppressed his displeasure and answered in a deep voice, “She wants to see you. If you’re available, please do me another favor.”
He could not help but brood over how quickly Roxanne had ended the first call he made. | don’t know what she’s thinking, but | believe she’s throwing a tantrum.
At the thought of that possibility, Lucian could not help but smirk. She was at fault, yet she had the audacity to hang up on me! After a short pause, Roxanne responded hesitantly, “But I’m a little busy right now...”
The issuance of closure would take effect in less than thirty minutes. They had to work fast because any delay would cause all the items in Herbscape Group to be discarded.
Lucian’s expression turned grim immediately. He did not take the rejection well. Upon noticing the change in his facial expression, Catalina instinctively took a step back.
“Essie has been crying the whole morning.” Lucian was on the verge of exploding, but he still tried to contain his anger.
Estella bawled more loudly when she realized Roxanne was reluctant to visit her. Hearing the little girl squeal over the phone broke Roxanne’s heart.
Nevertheless, she had no choice but to turn him down. “I’m sorry. I'm caught up with work right now. Can you give me an hour? I'll rush over once I’m done here!”
Right after she spoke, Lucian responded icily, “You don’t have to if you're busy. Essie is just throwing a tantrum. You don’t have to worry about her since you’re not related to her anyway!”
Roxanne knitted her brows upon hearing that. “That’s not what | meant. |I—” Before she could defend herself, Lucian interrupted, “Sorry for disturbing you. I’ll handle Essie myself. Have a nice day.” The man then hung up right away.
Roxanne stared at the black screen, feeling anxious. 
###Chapter 859
Chapter 859
Chapter 859 Would She Feel Guilty
While Roxanne was in two minds over whether or not to hurry to the Farwell residence, Jack strode out with a document in his hand and called out, “Ms. Jarvis.”
She had no choice but to suppress the worry in her heart and quickly walked toward him. “What’s this?”
“You didn’t come in after some time, so | thought I'd bring out the document you needed to go through. You can take a look and sign it if there are no issues.”
Hearing that, she murmured her assent and checked the document carefully. A moment later, she looked up at Jack and nodded. “Everything looks fine.”
“Excellent,” he said with a smile. “You look a little upset. Did something happen?” Recalling the sound of Estella’s cries, Roxanne fell into a slight daze. Jack was puzzled when he saw that she did not respond after a long time. “Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne jolted to her senses and shot him an apologetic smile. “These are the medicinal herbs we need. Is there anything else you need my help with?”
Jack shook his head.
Seeing that, Roxanne took her leave immediately. “I'll have to trouble you to take care of the rest, then. | have to attend to some urgent business, so I'll head off now.”
Observing the expression on her face, Jack agreed in a non-committal way, “Since it’s something urgent, you should get going.” Roxanne nodded at him gratefully before turning and hurrying away. Jack watched her leave with a deeply perplexed look in his eyes.
| wonder what happened to make her so worried. Archie and Benny didn’t look so well when we left her house this morning. However, based on my experience after practicing medicine for years, they're most likely faking it. | couldn’t be bothered to figure out the reason for it, but from the looks of it now, it appears as though | made an error in judgment. What else could get her that worked up apart from her children and work?
As that thought crossed his mind, he laughed at himself. | can’t believe there’d come a time when I’d make an error in judgment...
“Mr. Damaris, do you have any other instructions for us?” Dean asked as he walked out of the building a moment later. Puzzled to see Jack all alone, he inquired, “Where’s Ms. Jarvis?”
Jack snapped out of his thoughts and glanced at Dean expressionlessly. He handed the list he was holding to the latter and said, “Prepare the medicinal herbs listed here.”
Not daring to probe further, Dean immediately acceded. Then, he went back into the building with the list to instruct the staff to complete the task as soon as possible.
Over at the Farwell residence, Estella watched her father hang up the phone, her eyes wet with tears.
When Lucian met her gaze, a pang shot through his heart, and he felt annoyed at Roxanne.
Essie has been crying her heart out and even heard Roxanne say she couldn’t come over immediately. Even so, there’s still a glimmer of hope in her eyes. If Roxanne saw the expression on Essie’s face now, | wonder what she’d think. Would she feel guilty?
“W-When is Ms. Jarvis coming over?” Estella stretched her arms toward Lucian pitifully, sobbing so bitterly that she could hardly breathe. Lucian’s heart ached as he drew the girl into his embrace. He was unsure of what to say.
Even if Roxanne does come, she'll only get here an hour later. She may be fine with letting Essie cry for one hour, but | don’t have the heart to do so.
“Daddy...” Estella urged while shedding tears. Lucian stroked her head comfortingly and sidestepped the question. “There, there. I'll take you to go look for Mr. Lann.”
At this point, the only other person apart from Roxanne who can stop her from crying is probably James. 
###Chapter 860
Chapter 860
Chapter 860 Estella Was Unwell
Roxanne left Herbscape Group and drove straight to the Farwell residence. Less than twenty minutes later, her Mercedes-Benz slowly rolled to a stop in front of the manor entrance.
She rang the doorbell frantically, and it was not long before Catalina answered the intercom. “Mrs.—” Catalina began without thinking when she saw the person on the screen. However, she quickly caught herself and changed what she was saying. “Ms. Jarvis.”
Too worried about Estella crying, Roxanne had no time to pay attention to the little details. “Hurry up and let me in, Catalina. How's Essie?”
Catalina sighed inwardly when she saw how anxious Roxanne looked. “You're too late. Mr. Lucian has taken Ms. Estella out.” Roxanne’s expression froze when she heard that reply.
| thought Lucian only said that in a fit of anger. | can’t believe he’d actually be so cruel. Since Essie hasn’t seen me, she must still be bawling her eyes out.
The thought of that brought Roxanne to her senses, and she asked in a low voice, “Do you know where he took her?”
Catalina hesitated for a split second. However, the recollection of Lucian’s parting instruction made her shake her head. The light in Roxanne’s eyes went out, and a wave of regret washed over her. If only I'd arrived a little earlier...
“Why don’t you give Mr. Farwell a call?” Catalina could not stop herself from suggesting. Although she felt bad for Estella when Roxanne did not promise to come over immediately, she could not bear to see the look on Roxanne’s face.
Indeed, Roxanne was so anxious that she had forgotten she could do so. Thanks to Catalina’s reminder, she suddenly realized that was what she should do.
“Thank you. I’ll call him right away!” With that, she fished out her phone from her bag, pulled up Lucian’s number, and made the call. However, as soon as the call connected, it was declined just as it started ringing.
Then, the sound of a female computer-generated voice rang out. She tried calling again immediately, but the same thing happened several times.
He’s evidently angry at me. I’m afraid he probably won't pick up my calls for now. As the realization dawned on her, guilt welled within her. All | can do is try my luck and send Lucian a message. | wonder how Estella is...
Meanwhile, Estella’s cries grew louder and pierced the air whenever the phone rang as they made their way to James’ clinic. “Ms. Jarvis!”
Nonetheless, Lucian remained unmoved and did not hesitate to decline the calls as soon as his phone rang. Despite hearing Estella’s sobs, he denied that the calls were from Roxanne in a chilly tone, “No, it’s not Ms. Jarvis. She’s still busy working.” Estella’s wails soon grew weaker again and gradually turned into whimpers.
Lucian glanced at her through the rearview mirror and saw that although her cries were much softer, tears continued streaming down her cheeks.
The sight of that caused his gaze to darken. Spotting the message notification that popped up on his phone screen, he frowned and swiftly dismissed it. Then, he called to ask James to spare some time for him.
Upon learning that Estella was unwell, James agreed at once. After ending the call, Lucian could stop himself from tapping on the message Roxanne had sent.
Roxanne: Sorry for being late. Where are you and Essie? I'll rush over there immediately. A scornful look flashed in his eyes after he read the message. Then he closed the message interface. 
###Chapter 861
Chapter 861
Chapter 861 Daddy Is Lying
Soon, Lucian stopped his car in front of James’ psychiatric clinic. As Lucian had made the call while he was on the way, James was already waiting at the door.
After getting out of the car, Lucian walked over to the other side to carry Estella, who was still crying. Upon seeing his outstretched hands, she dodged to the side.
“Let me do it,” James offered as he stepped forward. He reached out to Estella and said gently, “Essie, good girl. Let me carry you.”
Estella shook her head and choked out, “I want Ms. Jarvis...” James couldn't help but frown in confusion and glance at Lucian.
Lucian had mentioned that Estella wouldn't stop crying on the phone earlier, but he did not get the chance to explain what had happened in detail.
Meeting James’ eyes, Lucian furrowed his brows and said, “Let's talk inside.”
James gave him a nod before turning around to coax the girl again. “Ms. Jarvis will be here soon. Come with me first and let’s wait for her inside, all right?”
Estella stared at James doubtfully for quite a while upon hearing that. James’ face gave nothing away. After all, he was a professional psychiatrist.
Having detected no flaws in his expression, Estella finally stretched her arms toward him and allowed him to carry her out of the car. All the time, she continued to sniffle.
At the sight of her father standing beside them, she whimpered and hid her face in James’ chest. It was clear that she did not want to see Lucian.
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he saw his daughter's attitude toward him. Nevertheless, he stayed quiet and followed James into the clinic.
James’ confusion grew as he looked at the little girl in his arms.
She had exhibited a similar behavior before, but this was the first time she had shown such strong resistance to Lucian. What in the world happened?
Arriving at the treatment room, James sat down while holding Estella and signaled Lucian to take a seat across from him. Estella’s crying had toned down to a mild and quiet sobbing.
After taking a look at her, James turned his gaze to Lucian. “So, tell me, what happened?”
Lucian rubbed his temples. With a deep voice, he began, “It’s because of me. She’s been wanting to tell me something since last night, but | didn’t communicate with her properly because | was preoccupied with work. Earlier, she mentioned visiting the two kids, but | said no. That’s why she got so upset.”
To avoid triggering Estella again, Lucian tried his best not to bring up Roxanne.
Despite that, Estella got all worked up and cried out, “Bad Daddy! Daddy is lying!” Then she started sobbing once more.
James stroked her head and consoled her, “Calm down, Essie. I'll make your daddy tell the truth.”
He lifted his head and raised his brow at Lucian, his intention evident.
Even the little girl could tell that Lucian had left out the main part of the story, not to mention James.
A troubled look flashed across Lucian’s eyes as he looked at Estella, who just wouldn't stop weeping.
“| won't be able to console Essie if | don’t know the specific reason behind this,” James prompted with a shrug.
Lucian cast Estella another glance before finally saying, “She seems to be very concerned about my relationship with Roxanne.” Puzzled, James scrunched up his eyebrows.
“Roxanne and | had some disagreements yesterday. Perhaps that affected her mood.” Lucian scowled and looked away from James, displeasure written all over his face. 
###Chapter 862
Chapter 862
Chapter 862 Do You Like Her A Lot “Is that true?” James looked down at the girl in his arms. Estella shook her head vigorously.
Obviously, what Lucian had just mentioned were not the real reasons—or at least not the only reasons—that Estella was crying so badly.
James turned his attention back to Lucian with a helpless expression. “If you’re going to be so secretive, then | won't be able to help you.”
Lucian was a bit bewildered to hear that. It was not that he was being secretive; those were really the only possible explanations he could think of.
However, since James had put it that way, it must mean that he was missing out on something. At that realization, Lucian started thinking hard.
Estella stayed in James’ arms with the back of her head facing Lucian. It was as if every cell in her body was resisting her father. Suddenly, Lucian remembered that Estella seemed to have started crying after he said something during their call. What did | say back then?
Seeing how distressed his friend looked, James couldn’t help but frown. He looked down at Estella and asked, “Essie, what did your daddy do to make you sad? Tell me, and I'll punish him for you.”
All these years, James was the one who had been comforting Estella whenever she had her outbursts. Estella trusted him more than anyone else.
Hearing his question, Estella grumbled, “Daddy doesn’t keep his promises! | only want Ms. Jarvis...” She turned around and shot Lucian a glare before hiding in James’ arms again.
James looked back up and stared at Lucian meaningfully.
Ever since that woman appeared, Essie has rarely displayed symptoms of autism. As expected, her two recent episodes were all related to that woman. What did Lucian do this time?
At Estella’s words, Lucian finally recalled what he had said on the phone. He grimaced in frustration and explained, “Essie, | didn’t mean it like that.”
He had been so mad at Roxanne at that time that he had blurted out those words.
Estella remained silent.
“So, what did you say?” James questioned.
“| was in a fit of anger at that time. | said that Roxanne might not be her mother.”
The next moment, Estella began wailing again. As if agitated by something, she would even scream from time to time. James and Lucian felt their hearts sink as they watched her.
Since he knew the reason now, James urged Lucian, “I got it. You should leave first.”
Estella was angry at Lucian. If he continued to stay here, the situation would only worsen.
Lucian had all his trust in James, so he stood up and left without a word.
It took James some effort to restrain the girl who wouldn't stop struggling in his arms.
“Your daddy’s gone. Look, only the two of us are left in the room now.”
As James spoke, he stood up while carrying Estella and walked around the room.
To distract her, he started pointing out the little changes in his room and asking her if she noticed them. Although Estella would respond to his questions, her tears wouldn’t stop falling.
Left with no choice, James sat down again and initiated a heart-to-heart talk with her.
“Essie, do you like Ms. Jarvis a lot?”
More tears began to escape Estella’s eyes, but she still managed a firm nod.
James took a tissue and wiped her tears. Then, he asked softly, “How about your daddy? Do you not like him anymore?” 
###Chapter 863
Chapter 863
Chapter 863 Agitate Her Estella pursed her lips and fell silent for a long moment before slowly shaking her head. | still like Daddy, but...
“Daddy lied. Daddy is a bad person.” A smile finally broke out on James’ face. “You’re angry with your daddy, but your daddy is angry with Ms. Jarvis.”
Estella immediately shook her head. “Daddy cannot be angry with Ms. Jarvis.” James was astonished. He knew Estella was exceedingly fond of Roxanne, but he did not realize it was to this extent. Lucian must be exasperated.
Seeing that Estella was going to lose her cool again, James uttered hastily, “I'll punish him for you. He knows he’s in the wrong
too. Estella calmed down, but she remained sullen. “I want Ms. Jarvis as my mommy. | don’t want anyone else!”
James glanced at the door. He could only agree on Lucian’s behalf. “Okay. Only Ms. Jarvis.”
Estella finally quieted down and lay on James’ shoulder, sniffling occasionally.
James glanced at Estella and gently touched her eyes. “Do you feel awful?”
Estella nodded between her sobs.
Not only did she feel awful, but her eyes also hurt.
James stood up and brought a pocket watch over. He patted Estella’s hair and comforted her, “How about you sleep for a while?” Estella was reluctant, but she nodded obediently in response.
Soon, James had her under hypnosis, and he watched her drift off.
Lucian did not go far, so he had heard their conversation.
When he no longer heard Estella’s voice after a while, he entered the room, knowing she had fallen asleep.
James was placing Estella on the couch when he heard someone open the door.
Upon seeing Lucian enter the room, he shot him a look, and they left the room one after another.
“How is she?” Lucian inquired.
“She's asleep. It will take a while before she wakes up. Let's talk. This is not going to be a long-term solution.”
Lucian nodded.
James poured two cups of coffee for Lucian and himself before sitting on the couch.
“You should know that Essie views Ms. Jarvis as a very important person.”
His words had Lucian frowning slightly. “I know.”
He knew clearly that Roxanne’s position in Estella’s heart had far exceeded his.
James’ brows furrowed. “If you know that, you shouldn’t have used Ms. Jarvis to agitate her since you know her condition.” Lucian looked away awkwardly as he tried to hide his regret.
He had been hiding from Estella the past two days in fear of agitating her.
However, he did not expect himself to say those careless words during a call.
Although he felt there was nothing out of the ordinary with his statement, it had deeply hurt Estella.
James said softly, “At her age, it is inevitable that she will overthink. Moreover, she never had a mother. She craves maternal love and a sense of security more than anything. But you have avoided women all these years, and Essie has never accepted Aubree. Why are you opposing Essie now that she has found one she likes?” 
###Chapter 864
Chapter 864
Chapter 864 | Watched Essie Grow Up
Lucian felt slightly helpless when he heard James’ words. When did | try to oppose Essie? All this while, he had been trying to get Roxanne back.
However, Roxanne had not been moved by his actions. She even got close to another man. How could he stand that?
Did he not have the right to get angry? James stared at him with a grim expression. “Based on my observations, Ms. Jarvis is a good candidate to be Essie’s mother. She takes good care of Essie. The only shortcoming is that she has two other children.” He took a sip of his coffee. With a meaningful look, he probed, “You wouldn’t care about those two children’s existence given your personality, would you?”
Lucian pursed his lips. “You should know this is not something | can decide.”
In other words, he was telling James it was not him who could not accept the two children. It was Roxanne who wouldn’t accept him.
Surprise flashed across James’ eyes. He did not expect Lucian to encounter this kind of situation, given the latter’s qualifications. James tried to hide his smile when he saw Lucian’s frustrated expression.
After a moment, he said seriously, “Even if that’s the case, | can see that Ms. Jarvis likes Essie a lot. No matter what happens between you two, | would advise you not to prevent Essie from meeting Ms. Jarvis. I’ve already told you that spending time with Ms. Jarvis is beneficial for her condition.”
Lucian thought of the many calls and messages he had ignored from Roxanne on the way here and frowned slightly. “I understand.”
James nodded. “In order to get Essie out of the car, | lied to her, saying that Ms. Jarvis would arrive soon. She'll undoubtedly have another tantrum if she wakes up and doesn’t see Ms. Jarvis. Her trust in me will also deteriorate. If it's possible, ask Ms. Jarvis to come over.”
Lucian’s expression gradually darkened. He had just ignored Roxanne a while ago, but now he had to actively seek her out.
Roxanne would probably assume she was only a tool used to comfort Estella. When she was not needed, she could be carelessly discarded.
Lucian replied in a deep voice, “I'll bring Essie to look for her.”
James frowned at that as he was confused.
Isn't it more convenient for Ms. Jarvis to come here? Why does he have to make it so complicated?
However, James did not ask further, knowing Lucian did not want to explain. Instead, he said, “I'll go with you, just in case.”
He had wanted Lucian to call Roxanne over because he could still comfort Estella if she woke up before that.
Now that Lucian was planning to bring Estella out, he could only follow them since Estella’s condition had not stabilized. Lucian nodded. “Thank you.”
James smiled. “You don’t have to be so polite with me. | watched Essie grow up. Even if you aren’t worried about her, | am!” Just like that, they walked into the room one after another.
Estella was still on the couch, fast asleep. She was no longer crying in her sleep.
Lucian looked at how peaceful Estella was when she was sleeping and contrasted it with how chaotic it had been a moment ago. His heart ached for her.
“Let's go,” James said softly.
Lucian snapped out of it and carried Estella gently. They left the clinic and drove to Roxanne’s place. 
###Chapter 865
Chapter 865
Chapter 865 Demanding To See You
James was the driver, while Lucian sat at the back of the car with Estella. Suddenly, Estella scrunched up her face and muttered something under her breath.
Lucian creased his brows and leaned closer to Estella to hear what she was saying. “Mommy...” Estella mumbled. As she spoke, she even grabbed onto Lucian’s clothes.
Although she was still sleeping, Lucian could see that she had grown attached to Roxanne.
His gaze darkened as he thought about the woman. James had also heard Estella, and he cast a complicated glance at the rearview mirror. Through the rearview mirror, he saw Lucian’s grim expression and sighed soundlessly.
“Essie needs a mother. Until you meet a woman you like, you shouldn’t prevent Essie from seeing Ms. Jarvis regardless of your opinion of her.”
After a long moment, Lucian replied in a deep voice, “I'll take note of that.” James stopped talking because he knew it would be pointless to continue since he did not know what Lucian was thinking. Meanwhile, Roxanne had been waiting outside the Farwell residence for quite some time, as Lucian did not reply to her.
“You can head back first. I'll contact you when Mr. Farwell returns,” Catalina advised her upon seeing Roxanne’s remorseful expression.
Roxanne’s eyes glimmered. “I...”
She wanted to wait a little longer. | was already late just now. This time, what if they come back right after | leave? Won't | miss Estella again?
For some unknown reason, Estella had become as important as Archie and Benny to her even though she had only known Estella recently.
Perhaps it was because of how dependent Estella was on her that made her want to reciprocate the same feelings for Estella.
Catalina sighed. “When Ms. Estella left, she was sobbing and demanding to see you. Mr. Farwell might have brought her to see you. You can go home and take a look.”
Roxanne’s eyes lit up, and she nodded gratefully at Catalina. “Thank you. I'll head home to have a look.” With that, she quickly turned around and drove home.
Archie and Benny were on the couch with their laptops when she got home. Archie was researching the stock market, whereas Benny was typing furiously on the keyboard.
“Mommy!” They put down their laptops and ran to her when they saw that she was back.
As they walked up to her, they cautiously peered behind her.
Roxanne smiled at them absent-mindedly and scanned the living room. There was no sight of Estella and Lucian. “Mommy, what are you looking for?” they asked in confusion.
Roxanne met their eyes and asked hopefully, “Did Essie and Mr. Farwell come by here?”
Archie and Benny exchanged glances and shook their heads.
“What happened?” They did not understand why Roxanne asked that question.
Roxanne’s heart sank when she heard their reply. However, she did not want them to worry, so she shook her head and tried her best to remain calm. “It’s nothing.”
Archie and Benny noticed the worry in Roxanne’s eyes, but they did not probe further since Roxanne did not wish to explain. 
###Chapter 866
Chapter 866
Chapter 866 Why Does It Matter
“Mommy, why did you come back by yourself? Where's Mr. Damaris?”
Although they did not like Jack, they brought him up to distract Roxanne.
Roxanne shook her head. “Something cropped up, so | returned first.”
Hearing that, Archie and Benny heaved sighs of relief. However, they could not help but worry when they looked at Roxanne’s expression.
Roxanne was worried about Estella, so she was not in the mood to chat. She said to Archie and Benny, “I’m sorry. | feel slightly unwell. | won't be able to bring you guys out to play.”
Before she left in the morning, she had promised to bring them out after she returned.
If | had reached the Farwell residence earlier, | might have been able to bring the three of them out together...
Roxanne was filled with remorse.
Archie and Benny could feel the sadness in Roxanne’s tone. They smiled and said, “It’s okay. We only said that because we didn’t want you to leave with Mr. Damaris in the morning. Mommy, if you’re feeling unwell, you should come in and rest.”
As soon as they said that, they wanted to support her to the couch so she could sit down.
However, Roxanne stood still.
She had only returned home to check if Lucian had brought Estella to her place.
Since there was no sight of Estella, she did not know if she should stay or head back to the Farwell residence and wait. Archie and Benny noticed Roxanne’s hesitation and shared a look. They moved forward and grabbed one of Roxanne’s arms each.
Roxanne let them lead her to the couch since she didn’t want to turn down their good intentions.
Archie poured a glass of water and handed it to her. “Mommy, have some water.”
Roxanne looked at the glass of water and smiled absent-mindedly. “Thank you, Darling.”
She took the glass and lowered her gaze. All she could think about was Estella.
Essie was wailing so miserably just now...
Archie and Benny had thought Roxanne would explain the situation to them after she had some rest.
However, she remained silent for a considerable amount of time, and her expression even turned grimmer.
They could no longer hide their worry as they asked, “Mommy, did something happen? You can tell us if anything happens. Although we're still young, we can still help you!”
Roxanne’s heart melted, and she glanced at them. “If...”
She trailed off and could not help frowning.
She did not know what to say either.
Archie and Benny asked anxiously, “Mommy, what is it?”
Roxanne lowered her gaze as mixed feelings surged within her heart.
Estella had been so upset because she could not make it in time. Now, for some reason, she wanted to ask her boys for advice. Unbeknownst to her, she had viewed Estella as her child.
When that realization dawned on her, she only felt worse.
When Essie raised that sudden question yesterday morning, she must have thought of me as her mother. Yet, | hurt her. Why does it matter if | act as her mother before her birth mother returns? At least she won't be this upset, and | won’t feel so bad now. Chapter 867 Mommy Loves You Forever
“Mommy, is it because of Essie?” Archie asked.
The thought had suddenly occurred to him because the first thing Roxanne had asked when she arrived home earlier was whether Estella had been there.
Roxanne’s expression changed immediately when she heard her son guess correctly.
Archie is so perceptive! He guessed the reason in an instant!
“What's wrong with Essie?” Benny asked in a puzzled tone.
The boys grew concerned about Estella when they saw the look on Roxanne’s face. However, they also knew that if they revealed how worried they were, Roxanne would only become sadder.
So, the boys tried their best to hide away the worry and anxiety bubbling in their chests.
Roxanne hesitated a little. In the end, she asked the question that had been bothering her, “Would you be angry with me if you wanted to see me, but | didn’t show up in time?”
The boys exchanged looks and, without hesitation, shook their heads in unison. “No!”
Roxanne looked at them doubtfully.
After a while, the boys smiled sheepishly and held out their hands. They pinched their thumbs and index fingers together, showing the tiniest gap.
“Well, maybe just a little, but we won't really be angry with you, Mommy! We will forgive you as long as you show up in the end!” Roxanne’s heart melted when she took in the sincere expressions on the boys’ faces. “Thank you, Darlings!”
The boys threw their arms around Roxanne and whispered comfortingly into her ear, “Essie must feel the same way. Don’t worry, Mommy!”
Roxanne nodded lightly, but still, she could not help worrying.
After all, the situation with the boys and Estella was very, very different.
She could still recall the way Estella had been when she was diagnosed with autism.
It was not easy for Estella’s condition to improve. If she regressed because of Roxanne, Roxanne would never forgive herself. Archie and Benny exchanged glances. Then, they turned to their mother and asked in a cautious tone, “So, Mommy, are you sad because of Essie?”
Roxanne nodded wordlessly. Guilt was written all over her face. “Essie cried and cried, but | didn’t manage to get to her in time.” The boys could not help crinkling their faces in concern as they thought about Estella’s situation.
Mommy is so worried! Essie must have cried up a storm! | wonder how Essie is doing now!
Although the boys were wrecked with worries, they still put on smiles as they comforted Roxanne, “Even in such a situation, we'll still forgive you, Mommy! Essie will too!”
Roxanne was touched.
The boys looked at Roxanne solemnly. “It’s because we know how difficult your job is, and we know how much you love us!” Roxanne smiled and planted a kiss on each of their foreheads. “Thank you for comforting me, Darlings. Mommy loves you forever.”
The boys smiled adorably.
Her sons’ words lightened the weight of the guilt in her heart. After some contemplation, she pulled out her phone and made a call to Lucian.
Just as the call connected, the doorbell rang.
“Oh, is that Mr. Farwell?”
The boys’ eyes lit up as they looked at Roxanne expectantly.
Roxanne, too, hoped that it would be Lucian. She got up quickly and pulled open the door.
The boys looked crestfallen as the person at the door came into view.
Roxanne’s hopes, too, were quickly dashed. 
###Chapter 867
Chapter 867
Chapter 867 Mommy Loves You Forever
“Mommy, is it because of Essie?” Archie asked.
The thought had suddenly occurred to him because the first thing Roxanne had asked when she arrived home earlier was whether Estella had been there.
Roxanne’s expression changed immediately when she heard her son guess correctly.
Archie is so perceptive! He guessed the reason in an instant!
“What's wrong with Essie?” Benny asked in a puzzled tone.
The boys grew concerned about Estella when they saw the look on Roxanne’s face. However, they also knew that if they revealed how worried they were, Roxanne would only become sadder.
So, the boys tried their best to hide away the worry and anxiety bubbling in their chests.
Roxanne hesitated a little. In the end, she asked the question that had been bothering her, “Would you be angry with me if you wanted to see me, but | didn’t show up in time?”
The boys exchanged looks and, without hesitation, shook their heads in unison. “No!”
Roxanne looked at them doubtfully.
After a while, the boys smiled sheepishly and held out their hands. They pinched their thumbs and index fingers together, showing the tiniest gap.
“Well, maybe just a little, but we won't really be angry with you, Mommy! We will forgive you as long as you show up in the end!” Roxanne’s heart melted when she took in the sincere expressions on the boys’ faces. “Thank you, Darlings!”
The boys threw their arms around Roxanne and whispered comfortingly into her ear, “Essie must feel the same way. Don’t worry, Mommy!”
Roxanne nodded lightly, but still, she could not help worrying.
After all, the situation with the boys and Estella was very, very different.
She could still recall the way Estella had been when she was diagnosed with autism.
It was not easy for Estella’s condition to improve. If she regressed because of Roxanne, Roxanne would never forgive herself. Archie and Benny exchanged glances. Then, they turned to their mother and asked in a cautious tone, “So, Mommy, are you sad because of Essie?”
Roxanne nodded wordlessly. Guilt was written all over her face. “Essie cried and cried, but | didn’t manage to get to her in time.” The boys could not help crinkling their faces in concern as they thought about Estella’s situation.
Mommy is so worried! Essie must have cried up a storm! | wonder how Essie is doing now!
Although the boys were wrecked with worries, they still put on smiles as they comforted Roxanne, “Even in such a situation, we'll still forgive you, Mommy! Essie will too!”
Roxanne was touched.
The boys looked at Roxanne solemnly. “It’s because we know how difficult your job is, and we know how much you love us!” Roxanne smiled and planted a kiss on each of their foreheads. “Thank you for comforting me, Darlings. Mommy loves you forever.”
The boys smiled adorably.
Her sons’ words lightened the weight of the guilt in her heart. After some contemplation, she pulled out her phone and made a call to Lucian.
Just as the call connected, the doorbell rang.
“Oh, is that Mr. Farwell?”
The boys’ eyes lit up as they looked at Roxanne expectantly.
Roxanne, too, hoped that it would be Lucian. She got up quickly and pulled open the door.
The boys looked crestfallen as the person at the door came into view.
Roxanne’s hopes, too, were quickly dashed. 
###Chapter 868
Chapter 868
Chapter 868 Fretted
“Ms. Jarvis.”
Jack stood at the door with his assistant in tow. His brows twitched when he saw the expression on Roxanne’s face. “Did | come at the wrong time?”
Roxanne swallowed her disappointment and plastered a smile on her face. “No, no, I’ve just got home.”
Jack nodded lightly at her reply. His eyes swept past her and landed on the two boys.
“Hello, Mr. Damaris,” the boys greeted him politely as he surveyed them.
Jack nodded at them in acknowledgment before turning back to Roxanne. “The children are looking much better.”
Roxanne was surprised and confused by Jack’s remark. After a while, she recalled that the two boys had pretended to be sick earlier that morning.
She was so preoccupied with her worries about Estella that she had momentarily forgotten about that.
Now that Jack had reminded her of it, Roxanne glanced at her sons.
“Thank you for your concern, Mr. Damaris. We've taken some medicine and are feeling much better,” the boys said dutifully. “Why are you here, Mr. Damaris?” Roxanne asked, guiltily changing the subject.
Jack smiled indifferently, then turned and angled his head toward his car parked in the distance. “The medicine that you requested is ready. Why don’t you have a look at it?”
Roxanne nodded and followed him to his car.
“Lucky for us, we got there just in time,” Jack said as Roxanne was inspecting the medicine. “As soon as you left, Herbscape Group was immediately seized and taken over. If we had been one step too late, we wouldn't be able to secure anything.” Roxanne gave a faint smile. Her thoughts drifted to Estella again.
It was because of this medicine that she did not manage to reach Estella in time.
Guilt clouded over Roxanne’s eyes. She slowed down her inspection of the medicine as her focus drifted to Estella.
Jack noticed her unusual behavior and raised his eyebrows questioningly.
He had personally brought the medicine to Roxanne because he was curious as to why she had left in such a hurry.
Before he had arrived at her house, he had thought that it was because of her two sons.
However, now that he had seen her, he did not think that the boys were the true cause.
“It looks good. Thanks for the trouble, Mr. Damaris.” Roxanne nodded at Jack gratefully.
“Don’t worry about it. I’m just worried that it'll affect your research,” Jack replied calmly, pulling his gaze away from her.
His eyes slid over to the two boys standing behind Roxanne.
He was not sure if it was just in his head, but it seemed that the two boys had been wary of him from their very first time meeting him.
They acted as if he was trying to steal something away from them.
“Mommy!”
When they caught sight of him, the boys immediately crowded around Roxanne possessively as if they were afraid that she would follow Jack away again.
Roxanne looked down at her sons, a bewildered expression on her face. They had each grabbed a handful of her skirt tightly in their little fists.
“What's wrong?” she asked.
The boys opened their mouths but quickly shut them again. They shook their heads, embarrassed. “It’s nothing.”
They had wanted to make up an excuse to persuade Roxanne not to leave with Jack, but they could not think of anything to say. They had pretended to be sick earlier that morning, and Jack had seen right through their little act.
Even if we want Mommy to take us out to play right now, Mommy surely isn’t in the mood...
The boys fretted at the thought. 
###Chapter 869
Chapter 869
Chapter 869 Still Mad At Her
“Do you want me to keep this medicine for you?”
Jack didn’t take those kids seriously. Instead, he turned around and threw the question at Roxanne.
Roxanne frowned as she pondered it for a while. “It’s better to send it to the research institute. There’s no point in keeping this with me.”
“Then | will need you to come with us,” Jack said.
Hearing that, Archie and Benny tensed up. The grips on the hem of Roxanne’s dress tightened.
Just when she was about to agree to his request, she noticed the boys’ unusual reaction. She glanced at them with concern. The boys looked at their mother. “Mommy, aren’t you unwell?”
It was only after the boys contemplated for some time that they finally came up with those words.
Roxanne’s expression changed slightly. Her eyes grew gloomy as she thought of Estella.
“Forget it if you're not feeling well. I'll just tell the staff over there,” Jack said.
Roxanne pulled herself together and shook her head with a smile on her face. “It's better for me to go over there so that nothing will go wrong again.”
Jack arched an eyebrow imperceptibly and decided not to be polite to her anymore.
The boys were anxious when they heard that Roxanne wanted to leave.
Mr. Damaris already said that she didn’t have to go there. Why does Mommy insist on going?
“The kids seem to have something to say to you.” Jack got into the car first. “I'll wait for you in the car.”
Roxanne nodded gratefully. After that, she returned to the entrance of the mansion with the kids.
“Mommy, are you going out again?” Benny tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s dress pitifully.
Roxanne ruffed the boys’ hair apologetically. “I’m going to the research institute and will be right back.”
Aslight crease appeared between Archie's eyebrows. “But what if Essie and Mr. Farwell come here when you’re out?”
His words hit Roxanne right in the gut.
For a moment, she was hesitant about her decision.
Benny chimed in, “Essie will surely feel more upset if she doesn’t see you when she gets here.”
Moreover, Daddy will be mad as well.
Compared to Estella, the kids were more worried about Lucian.
After all, Estella was easy to please. As for Lucian, it was hard to tell.
Roxanne did not know what to do.
However, on second thought, she felt that the chances Lucian would bring Estella over were low, as he was still mad at her.
It wasn’t easy for them to get hold of this batch of medicine, so she couldn't afford to see something go wrong at this point. Furthermore, she had agreed to go with Jack, and the man was waiting for her in the car.
After mulling over the matter for some time, Roxanne decided to stick to her original plan.
“I'll be right back. Be good and wait at home. If Essie comes over, ask her to stay here and quickly give me a call. I'll come back immediately, okay?”
Both Estella and this batch of medicine were important. It was the only way Roxanne could think of at that moment to deal with both sides at the same time.
Since Roxanne had said so, Archie and Benny had no choice but to nod obediently. “Mommy, you have to come back soon.” Roxanne nodded with a smile. “You guys get inside now.”
Archie and Benny reluctantly entered the mansion.
It was only after the kids closed the door that Roxanne turned around and got into Jack’s car.
“Done?” Jack asked in a deep voice.
Roxanne flashed an apologetic smile. “I’m sorry for the long wait. The kids are still young, and they can’t bear to part with me. Let’s go!” 
###Chapter 870
Chapter 870
Chapter 870 Why Are You Doing This
Meanwhile, a black Bentley across the road not far from Roxanne’s house slowly drove over.
When James caught a glimpse of the familiar figure, he snapped his head to Lucian and uttered, “That seems to be Dr. Jarvis. Is she going out?”
Lucian furrowed his brows and looked toward Roxanne’s house, only to see the woman getting inside a car.
The moment the car door was opened, the man, who was sitting inside, was revealed. At a glance, Lucian could tell that it was Jack. Why did she even call me when she was there being with another man?
Agrim look spread across Lucian’s face.
He had thought that Roxanne had realized her mistake.
James didn’t notice the change in his mood, and he wasn’t aware of the entanglement between them.
He just vaguely saw a man sitting inside the car. Feeling puzzled, he asked, “Is the man inside the car Ms. Jarvis’ business partner? We better hurry over. It looks like they’re about to leave.”
With them, he readied himself to accelerate the car.
“Forget it. Just make a U-turn and go back.” Lucian’s cold voice rang out from behind.
Only then did James notice the change in his mood. Re ig that there seemed to be an unusual relationship between that man and Roxanne, James had no idea what to say for a moment.
Estella was still sleeping in Lucian’s arms, unaware of what was happening there.
It seemed that she wasn’t feeling comfortable as she turned over while groaning.
Lucian took a glance at Estella in his arms. His anger toward Roxanne intensified.
When James heard the sound made by Estella, his hand on the steering wheel stopped moving. Instead of making a U-turn, he slowed down the car and continued driving toward Roxanne’s house.
“What are you doing?” Lucian asked in displeasure.
“Don’t you forget you’ve promised me that you won’t stop Essie from seeing Ms. Jarvis,” replied James resignedly.
Lucian’s brows drew together.
If Lucian hadn’t seen that scene earlier, he naturally wouldn’t want Estella to continue feeling upset.
But Roxanne... If she doesn’t treat Essie sincerely, what’s the point of letting Essie see her? It’s nothing but self-deception.
Seeing that the car in front of him was about to drive away, James suggested in a deep voice, “They’re going to leave. Just give Ms. Jarvis a call.”
Lucian stared at the car ahead with a grim expression. The temperature around him seemed to have dropped.
After a long while, he didn’t seem to have the intention of taking out his phone.
Watching as the car drove away, James knitted his brows and stopped his car at the side of the road.
Estella couldn’t sleep soundly. She grabbed the hem of Lucian’s clothes tightly.
Noticing Estella’s signs of insecurity, James let out a sigh. “Why are you doing this?”
James had no idea what his friend thought about Roxanne. Nonetheless, he felt that what happened between adults shouldn’t implicate the child. Estella’s condition was different from an average child.
Instead of answering James’ question, Lucian asked, “What else can we do to improve Essie’s condition if we don’t see her?” James remained silent for a few seconds. Finally, he answered, “Take Essie home and let her stay in a familiar environment. Perhaps she will get better.”
###Chapter 871
Chapter 871
Chapter 871 Defeat
“Okay,” Lucian said, then took Estella back to the Farwell residence. Soon after, the black Bentley drove away. A camera flashed in the grass in front of Roxanne’s house, and a man appeared from the grass afterward.
While processing the photographs he had just taken, he hurriedly got into his car and tailed Jack's, which was heading toward the research institute.
Roxanne tried to suppress her worries about Estella on the way to the research institute. She began asking about matters related to Herbscape Group.
“| was in a rush to leave just now. How are things with Herbscape Group going?”
Roxanne really wanted to know if Herbscape Group had actually done those things. Or if Lucian’s business strategies were so terrifying that they allowed him to pass off fake as genuine.
Ahint of displeasure flashed across Jack’s eyes. However, his tone was warm when he spoke to Roxanne. “It’s probably not optimistic.”
Roxanne furrowed her brows. She had a theory in mind.
“Herbscape Group is involved in a plethora of matters. I’m afraid the ones that have been exposed online were just the tip of the iceberg. Now, the relevant departments are involved. | don’t know how much trouble it’s going to cause.”
Jack sighed as his head began to hurt. Roxanne frowned. “But didn’t you guys look into it at that time?” Given the Damaris family’s influence, it seemed unlikely that they did not know about the details of Herbscape Group.
Jack chuckled bitterly. “We have scoured the entire Herbscape Group, but we wouldn't be able to find anything if someone purposely covered for them.”
After that, he added meaningfully, “In particular, that person must be as powerful as the Damaris family, not to mention better at business than the Damaris family. Speaking of which, the Damaris family is just prominent in the pharmaceutical industry.”
Jack was insinuating that someone had set up a trap for the Damaris family with Herbscape Group's matter, and Lucian was the only person who could have set up the trap.
Naturally, Roxanne understood what Jack was saying, but she did not know how to respond. After some time, Roxanne could not help but ask, “If that’s the case, why are they doing this? There’s no benefit to this.” There was a glimmer in Jack’s eyes, and he said self-deprecatingly, “Perhaps | touched something | shouldn’t have.”
Roxanne’s eyelashes quivered. A peculiar sensation swelled within her, and she lowered her head silently.
Jack’s insinuation was so obvious that it was hard for her to disregard it. Sensing her avoidance, Jack decided to stir the pot.
“I've learned from this experience that this so-called business genius lives up to his name. He has my sincere acceptance of my defeat, but the only thing | regret is that the price this time was higher than | had anticipated.”
He was basically implying that Lucian was the mastermind. Roxanne was the only thing that associated him with Lucian other than Herbscape Group.
Roxanne’s hands on her knees stiffened as she suppressed the strange feeling in her heart. She changed the subject nonchalantly by saying, “I hope this matter won’t impact our project.”
“| hope so too. Hopefully, that person will be merciful.” Jack added fuel to the fire.
Roxanne’s heart pounded harder when she heard his words. However, she tried to convince herself that Lucian and Jack’s fight would not be beyond Herbscape Group. 
###Chapter 872
Chapter 872
Chapter 872 Be For Nothing
Aubree had been staying in the Farwell residence for some time, but Lucian had hardly ever gone there. Sonya had tried to make her stay, but she eventually left.
She had chosen to stay in the Farwell residence, as she had thought Lucian would often visit because of Sonya and that she could spend more time with him.
However, after so long, she had only met him a handful of times.
Instead, the private detective had been sending her photos, and Roxanne had always appeared next to Lucian in those photos. Rage burned in Aubree every time she looked at them.
Yet she had to keep her emotions in check, as she had to face Sonya and Elias every day.
Aubree finally had enough as time went on. She found an excuse to return to the Pearson residence by saying she had reconciled with her father.
After all, she had already achieved her goal with yesterday’s photos. “Aubree? Why are you back? Where’s Lucian?” Gina was relaxing at home when she suddenly saw Aubree coming in with her luggage.
As she had not been speaking much to Aubree during this period of time to prevent the Farwell family from finding out about their lies, she did not have the slightest clue about Aubree’s situation in the Farwell residence.
Aubree threw her luggage to the side and had a scowl on her face as she sat on the couch.
Gina could not stop glancing at the door.
They had staged this act in an effort to change Lucian’s mind.
Since Aubree had returned, Gina reckoned Lucian must have changed his mind and sent Aubree home. Yet, she did not see his future son-in-law at all.
“Stop looking! | came back alone,” Aubree snapped, knowing what her mother was thinking.
Surprise flashed across Gina’s eyes when she heard that, and she rushed to sit on the couch. “What's going on? Did you fight with Lucian again?”
Without waiting for Aubree to respond, Gina began, “It wasn’t easy for you to move into the Farwell residence. Didn't | tell you to control your temper to appease Lucian?”
Aubree looked daggers at her mother. “Am | not humble enough in front of Lucian?”
In the past six years, she had been like an entirely different person compared to her normal self when she was in front of Lucian.
I'm not inferior to that b*tch in any way. I’m more obedient than that b*tch too! But Lucian is just so madly in love with that b*tch. There’s nothing | can do about that!
“I'm so sick of pretending in front of the Farwell's every day!” Aubree slammed the couch angrily.
Despite feeling sorry for her daughter, Gina said, “Aubree, we’ve been waiting for so many years. Wouldn’t it all be for nothing if we gave up now?”
She sighed and continued, “How can | bear to let you suffer this grievance? Think about it, after a storm comes a calm. It will all be worth it after you get married to Lucian. We will have anything we want.”
Aubree furrowed her brows and clenched her fists.
It's not like | want to give up; it’s just that Lucian is not giving me the chance. 
###Chapter 873
Chapter 873
Chapter 873 Listen To You
Aubree’s phone suddenly vibrated twice when they were talking. Both of them turned to look at the phone in unison. Aubree glanced at it and knew the private detective had sent more photos again.
Agrim look appeared on her face when she thought about the photos she had been receiving these days. Except for the photos from yesterday, all the other photos were basically of Roxanne and Lucian being together.
She had had enough of seeing them getting intimate with one another. A crease appeared between her brows when she tapped on the message to look at the photos.
“What’s wrong? Who texted you?” Gina wanted to say more, but when she saw that Aubree was lost in her thoughts, she craned her neck and saw the photos on the phone. “Isn’t that... the son of the Damaris family?”
Numerous thoughts raced through her mind as she spoke. Alittle while later, she asked dubiously, “Are the discussion on the internet some time ago real?”
Did Roxanne really use Jack to join the Damaris family’s project? But if something is going on between the two, there’s no way Lucian...
Gina was bewildered for a long time.
Aubree flashed a mocking smile. “Even you think that those rumors are true. Perhaps these photos can serve some purpose.” At the very least, it would influence Sonya in the way she desired.
“What do you mean? That guy from the Damaris family and her...” Gina wanted more information.
If Roxanne is actually seeing Jack, there’s no way she can marry into the Farwell family when Sonya is aware of it. It doesn’t matter even if Lucian likes Roxanne.
Aubree narrowed her eyes coldly. “Does it really matter if it’s true or false? It’s true if the key person believes it.” With that, Aubree quickly switched her SIM card and sent the newly received photos to Sonya. Gina froze for a few seconds when she watched Aubree’s movements. Then she smiled in relief.
| know my daughter won't give up so easily, but | didn’t expect her to do so much behind me. I’m curious about Sonya’s reaction when she sees those photos.
Meanwhile, in the Farwell residence, Sonya felt bad for Aubree after sending her off.
She had been trying to convince her son to propose to Aubree for so many years, yet there had been no progress in their relationship.
Instead, Roxanne had been playing with her son’s feelings.
As a woman herself, Sonya felt very bad for Aubree, who had sacrificed a lot.
Elias descended the stairs and was ready to head to the company to settle some matters when he saw his wife's troubled expression.
At the sight of him, Sonya got up and walked to him. “You're heading to the company?” Elias gave an indifferent nod.
After a brief moment of hesitation, Sonya asked gently, “I don’t think we can delay Lucian’s marriage with Aubree anymore. Why don’t you speak to him about it? He should listen to you.”
Elias had guessed what was bothering his wife when he came down the stairs. Sonya had had this expression on her face for the past few days.
Elias held her hand and murmured, “Let him do what he wants.” 
###Chapter 874
Chapter 874
Chapter 874 Find Me There
Sonya did not expect him to say such words. Elias had consistently backed her even though he had not explicitly stated his stance throughout the years.
Yet now he had made his stance to support his son. “Are we going to let Aubree down after all the years she has waited?” Sonya tried to persuade him.
Elias knitted his brows, and a hint of helplessness appeared in his eyes. Both of them are my family, yet their opinions are clashing now.
After a moment of silence, Elias sighed and uttered, “You guys can do whatever you want. I’m not good at dealing with situations like these. | still have things to deal with at the company. You can have lunch yourself later.”
Since he had to deal with work, Sonya could only send him to the door reluctantly. Although she felt slightly dissatisfied, she still reminded gently, “Come back early tonight. Don’t wear yourself out.”
Elias nodded and drove away. Just as Elias’ car disappeared from sight at the entrance of the door, the butler’s voice rang beside her ear. “Mrs. Farwell, you seemed to have received a message on your phone.”
Sonya turned around in confusion after hearing this. Her heart sank when she tapped on the screen and saw the unknown number.
She knew this number even though it was an unknown one.
It's the same person who sent me the photos yesterday, and they're sending me more photos now.
Sonya felt inexplicably despondent. She hurried over to the couch and tapped to look at the pictures with a scowl. Roxanne and Jack could be seen chatting happily in the photos.
The location was different from yesterday as those photos were taken in front of Roxanne’s house this time. The two young boys were standing next to Roxanne and watching them.
Sonya had seen these two children and knew that they were Roxanne’s sons.
So, Jack must be getting along well with her sons.
From the photo, the atmosphere around them seemed quite harmonious.
Sonya’s face fell, and she could not help but think about the discussion on the internet some time ago.
For two days in a row, Roxanne had been with Jack.
Furthermore, they looked intimate.
I'd be foolish to keep wondering if the discussion online was real or not. With this in mind, Sonya got up furiously. “Mrs. Farwell, where are you going?” The butler followed after her in confusion when he saw her walking toward the door.
Without turning around, Sonya responded coldly, “I’m heading to the Pearson residence. Tell Lucian to find me there if he comes home.”
“Understood,” the butler said, then watched Sonya get into the car and drive off.
Sonya had wanted to ask Aubree to go with her. However, she changed her mind after realizing that Aubree had just left the house and calling Aubree back would be a hassle.
Furthermore, it could be said that she had a favor to ask of Aubree by making this trip.
Even without all these photos, | still need to clarify things with Aubree. Roxanne will do anything to rise to greater heights. What a despicable person. No matter what, | will never allow her to marry into the Farwell family! | still want to maintain my dignity, and Roxanne can continue to be shameless for all she wants. 
###Chapter 875
Chapter 875
Chapter 875 | Am Sorry
Back at the Pearson residence, Aubree went back to her room after sending the message. She didn’t know what Sonya’s reaction would be, but she was sure Sonya’s impression of Roxanne would be completely ruined.
Gina was still sitting downstairs, wondering if she should call Sonya and add fuel to the fire. Just when she took out her phone and was about to make the call, her doorbell suddenly rang.
Gina kept her phone and went to open the door. She was surprised to see Sonya standing there. “Where’s Aubree?” Sonya smiled gently at Gina, suppressing her anger.
Only then did Gina regain her senses and realize this visit was the effect of the photos Aubree had sent, but she didn’t know what Sonya was going to say.
Gina could barely suppress the smugness in her heart. After some time, she pointed to the room upstairs and said, “She came back early in the morning and went upstairs. She seems to be in a bad mood, but | didn’t dare to ask.”
Upon hearing that, Sonya felt slightly apologetic.
Gina pretended not to know as she asked, “Did Aubree and Lucian get into a fight again? | asked her, but she wouldn’t say anything.”
Sonya forced a smile at the mention of Lucian. “As long as I’m here, | won’t let Lucian bully Aubree. Don’t worry.” As for whether they had gotten into a fight, Sonya was hesitant to reply.
The two had barely met, and every time they did, they rarely spoke to each other.
How could they even get into a fight?
“I'll go up to check on Aubree.” Sonya did not give Gina any opportunity to ask further and walked upstairs.
Gina agreed and followed behind Sonya.
In the room, Aubree was contemplating what else she could do with the photos when she heard a knock on her door, followed by her mother’s voice.
“Aubree, don’t be angry anymore. Mrs. Farwell is here to see you.”
Although it sounded like words of comfort, it was more of a warning, reminding Aubree what kind of attitude she should have when facing Sonya.
Aubree understood, and in a matter of seconds, she kept her phone and plastered an aggrieved expression on her face before opening the door.
“Mrs. Farwell, what brings you here?” Aubree’s eyes were filled with concern. “You could have called me if there’s anything. | would have gone to you.”
Aubree then led Sonya into her bedroom and sat on the edge of her bed.
Upon seeing the unhappiness on Aubree’s face and hearing such thoughtful words, Sonya felt her heart wrench. “I’m sorry.”
Aubree felt smug when she heard that, but she wore an innocent and shocked expression as she asked, “Mrs. Farwell, why are you saying that?”
Sonya let out a sigh. “It must have been tough for you after all these years. But don’t worry. I will never let anyone marry into the Farwell family except for you!”
Aubree pretended to be touched. “Mrs. Farwell, you said that to me many times. | have always believed you and am very grateful to you. Did something happen?”
Sonya furrowed her brows and sighed again. “It’s about Roxanne. | thought she had only abandoned her husband and kids. | can’t believe she even...”
Remembering Roxanne’s disposition and Lucian’s unfaltering love for her, Sonya felt ashamed.
Her cheeks flushing, she suggested, “Let’s change the topic. In any case, if she marries into the Farwell family, we'll be utterly humiliated!”
Aubree’s eyes glinted coldly and imperceptibly. She did not probe further and simply comforted Sonya. 
###Chapter 876
Chapter 876
Chapter 876 What I Should Do
Before she could get out of the car, Roxanne saw that Colby was already waiting at the entrance of the research institute.
She was surprised.
It's the weekend today, so no one should be working at the research institute, including Colby. There’s not much going on here for him to work overtime. Although | need to move the medicinal herbs and devices, | didn’t ask him to come. What is he doing here?
“Mr. Damaris.” Upon seeing the two get out of the car, Colby walked over and greeted Jack first politely before turning to Roxanne. “Dr. Jarvis.”
Roxanne sensed something amiss, but she dismissed it as her overthinking. She smiled and greeted in return, “Dr. Galloway.” Colby nodded in acknowledgement.
“There’s nothing much to do at the research institute today, so why are you...” Roxanne could not help but ask.
Colby glanced at them and responded with a hint of disappointment and frustration in his voice, “If there’s nothing much to do, then what are you two doing here?”
Roxanne froze for a few seconds.
Am | imagining things? Why does Colby sound as if I’ve abandoned him?
For some reason, Roxanne felt rather guilty.
“I'm sorry. | should have informed you. But | thought we could manage, so | didn’t want to trouble you.”
Only then did Colby laugh nonchalantly. “I was just joking. | was bored today, so | came to take a look. | didn’t expect you guys to come too,” he said before glancing at Jack calmly.
Upon meeting Colby’s eyes, Jack frowned.
“Since we met, is there anything | can help with?” Colby offered.
After glancing at Jack, Roxanne replied, “If it’s all right with you, you can help us move the medicinal herbs. | feel more assured with you here.”
As she had been working with Colby the longest out of all the employees at the research institute, she trusted him the most. Colby nodded with a smile.
Quickly, the three of them and Jack's assistant got to work.
“Are these medicinal herbs from Herbscape Group?” Colby inquired while moving the herbs.
At the mention of Herbscape Group, Roxanne could not help but think of Lucian, and the expression on her face changed. Jack, who was beside her, nodded. “Fortunately, Ms. Jarvis is meticulous. | checked it, and | believe she has brought all the medicinal herbs and equipment we can use.”
Hearing that, Roxanne snapped back to her senses and pursed her lips absent-mindedly. “It’s what | should do.”
Jack smiled in understanding.
Seeing the two getting along so well, Colby felt an uncontrollable surge of jealousy, and his gaze darkened.
“| wonder how Herbscape Group will develop in the future.” Quelling his jealousy, Colby continued nonchalantly, “| remember they almost got acquired by Farwell Group. Their only way out is for Farwell Group to take over, right? But with the scandal, | wonder if Farwell Group is still willing to acquire Herbscape Group.”
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat.
If Farwell Group really acquires Herbscape Group, then Farwell Group must be the one behind the scandal.
At that thought, Roxanne felt somewhat guilty. 
###Chapter 877
Chapter 877
Chapter 877 Reaction
“| believe Mr. Farwell will be happy to,” Jack said ambiguously before glancing at Roxanne.
Roxanne had sharp senses and could feel Jack’s eyes on her. When he heard his words, her feeling that something was off intensified.
Colby’s eyes also darkened when he noticed Jack’s cryptic gaze.
Although he didn’t know the truth behind many of the incidents, Jack’s eyes revealed many things.
Last time, when Roxanne was under fire, | remember Farwell Group took action in the end. This time, she became Herbscape Group’s technical advisor, and soon, Herbscape Group was involved in a big scandal. No one would believe it if Lucian didn’t do all those things for her. Moreover, | saw him appear in her house in the middle of the night. Lucian and Roxanne are already so close. Now, there’s Jack in the picture.
Colby’s heart was filled with jealousy when he realized how competent the other men around Roxanne were compared to him.
| have no chance of competing with them unless | can be like them and be more outstanding than Roxanne! | must be as good as her at the very least!
Roxanne was also spacing out, feeling conflicted about Lucian and Estella.
“Ms. Jarvis, watch out!”
Just when she was lost in her thoughts, Jack’s voice sounded behind her, pulling her back to reality.
Roxanne stopped in her tracks, but it was too late.
As her mind was filled with thoughts about Lucian and Estella, she didn’t notice where she was walking, resulting in her losing her footing.
Then she felt herself leaning forward.
Roxanne’s heart clenched, and she didn’t even have time to scream. She only hugged the medicine tight against her chest.
It wasn’t easy for them to obtain the herbs, so it would be a huge loss if they were damaged.
She slipped down a few flights of stairs, and just when she was about to slam into the ground, a pair of strong arms grabbed her waist and steadied her.
Roxanne finally caught her balance and took a few deep breaths, holding on to those arms before calming down.
“Are you okay?” Jack asked as he helped her stand straight.
Realizing how close they were, Roxanne was startled for a moment and the color rose on her cheeks. “Thank you, Mr. Damaris.” Jack narrowed his eyes and scrutinized her. “Something seems to be on your mind, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne shook her head, trying to appear calm. “It’s nothing. | was just careless just now,” she said before lowering her head to check the medicinal herbs in her arms. “Thank goodness nothing happened to the herbs.” She sighed in relief.
“It's just a few bottles of medicinal herbs. You should be more concerned about your own safety if such incidents happen in the future. It’s not like the Damaris family can’t afford the medicinal herbs. Besides, compared to the herbs, a person like you is more precious,” Jack said with a frown.
Roxanne flashed him a small smile. “Thank you. | will be more careful next time.”
Then, she gave Jack a slight nod before entering the storage room with the medicinal herbs.
Colby was a few steps behind them. When he reached the door to the storage room, he coincidentally saw the scene where Jack held Roxanne up.
Immediately, he froze in his tracks when he saw their intimate pose, and his face clouded over.
| wonder what Roxanne’s reaction would be if it was me holding her up! 
###Chapter 878
Chapter 878
Chapter 878 Not Free
With the efforts of the four people, all the medicinal herbs were quickly transferred to the storage room.
After moving the last bottle of medicinal herbs, Roxanne walked to a corner and looked at her phone.
There was nothing on her screen.
There were no missed calls, much less a reply from Lucian.
She stared at her blank screen for a few seconds and stubbornly wondered if she should call Archie and Benny and ask about it. Just then, she heard the sound of footsteps behind her and turned to look.
Jack and Colby were walking over together while chatting.
Meeting her eyes, they stopped talking and smiled at her.
Roxanne frowned. She kept her phone and made her way to them.
“What are you two doing here?” she asked in confusion.
“You disappeared in a flash after we finished moving the medicinal herbs, so we had to find you,” Jack replied.
“Sorry, | was busy with something, so | left first and forgot to tell you. Sorry for making you worry.”
Jack nodded nonchalantly. “It’s all right. I’m glad you’re fine.”
Colby’s eyes darkened for a moment before quickly returning to normal as he looked at Roxanne.
“Dr. Jarvis, since we're all here, why don’t we check out the equipment we were talking about two days ago?” Colby suggested after a while.
As the research institute needed some new medical equipment, Roxanne and Colby had been speaking at length about this matter.
Unfortunately, Roxanne had been busy with Damaris Group’s project and hadn't had the time to see the equipment.
Now, hearing Colby’s suggestion, she felt a little hesitant.
| promised Archie and Benny that | would return as soon as possible, plus I’m not in the mood to work anymore. Even if | go to see the equipment, | may not be able to concentrate.
Just when she was wondering how to reject Colby, Jack’s voice rang out.
“| almost forgot, but Archie and Benny are not feeling well, so Ms. Jarvis must be worried. If it's not urgent, she can take a look at it another day. | can also accompany you two,” he said considerately with a smile as he sauntered toward Roxanne.
Agrateful look appeared on Roxanne’s face when she heard that.
She didn’t know why Jack had helped her find an excuse, but she went along with it. “Sorry, Dr. Galloway, but I’m not free today.” “It's all my fault. | knew Archie and Benny were sick, yet | still got you to help me with this. They must resent me for this,” Jack chimed in.
Roxanne immediately shook her head. “They won't. They're very understanding.” Then she turned to Colby. “Getting new equipment for the research institute is not that urgent, so we can check it out in a few days. If you're in a hurry, you can take a look first, and if there’s a company you like, we can check it out together at a later date.”
There was a note of finality in her voice.
Since Archie and Benny were sick, Colby had no reason to refuse and could only relent while pretending to be thoughtful.
“| see. | sensed there was something off with you today. Turns out Archie and Benny are not feeling well. Please send them my regards. I'll visit them when I'm free.”
“| will,” Roxanne replied, smiling appreciatively.
She then waved them goodbye before striding out of the research institute and hailing 
###Chapter 879
Chapter 879
Chapter 879 Something More
After watching as Roxanne got into the taxi, Jack turned around and glanced at the man beside him with a frown.
Judging by their interactions earlier, Jack could tell that the man seemed to be interested in Roxanne. However, his identity was slightly concerning.
Jack took a sidelong glance at Colby with a hint of mockery flashing across his eyes.
It was not until the taxi disappeared from his eyesight that Colby finally withdrew his gaze and met Jack’s.
“Mr. Damaris.” A rather unusual feeling surged within Colby at that moment, but he quickly suppressed it.
Jack calmly withdrew his gaze and nodded in response.
“Mr. Damaris, you seem to know what is bothering Dr. Jarvis,” Colby started.
Otherwise, he would not have stepped in and helped Roxanne out of the situation before she could say anything. Besides, the two were clearly together before arriving at the research institute.
Jack merely ached a brow in response. “Dr. Galloway, what are you trying to say?”
Colby could hear the hidden hint of disdain in Jack’s tone. Anger swelled in him, but he forced himself to suppress it.
After a few seconds, he said calmly, “I think Dr. Jarvis might be troubled with something related to Mr. Farwell. Earlier, Dr. Jarvis’ expression turned slightly grim when | talked about Herbscape Group with her.”
Jack scrutinized him without agreeing or disagreeing with what he said. Instead, he acted surprised and cocked a brow. “Is that so? | don’t think | paid attention to that.”
In other words, Jack was mocking Colby for putting all his attention on Roxanne.
Colby intended to stir up conflict between Jack and Lucian so that he could take advantage of the rivalry and win Roxanne over. However, he did not expect Jack to beat him to it by mocking him for what he just said.
He frowned and stared at Jack warily. “Mr. Damaris, what do you mean by that?”
Jack raised his brows. “Nothing. I’m just curious. Dr. Galloway, you seem to understand a lot about Ms. Jarvis.”
Despite not knowing much about Roxanne’s past, Colby refused to show weakness in front of Jack.
A brief moment of silence later, Colby nodded calmly in response to that.
Jack curled his lips into a meaningful smile. “Really? Dr. Galloway, | always thought you were only colleagues with Ms. Jarvis.” Then, he deliberately put on an apologetic look. “After hearing what you said, | finally realized I'd misunderstood your relationship all this while. But then, what is going on between Ms. Jarvis and Mr. Farwell? Dr. Galloway, why did you make it sound as though they got into a fight?”
Colby frowned at that. He knew there must be something going on between Roxanne and Lucian. Otherwise, Lucian would not have shown up at her place in the middle of the night and stood forward to help her when she was targeted by the public.
Colby believed Lucian must be pursuing Roxanne. However, judging from Jack’s tone, he reckoned there must be more beyond his understanding of the two.
He could not help thinking there was something more behind Roxanne and Lucian’s relationship.
When he came to that realization, his face fell.
Jack stared at him in amusement. “Dr. Galloway, what’s wrong? Well, you can choose not to tell me if it's something you don’t feel comfortable sharing.”
Jack had spent much effort to finally find out more about Lucian and Roxanne’s relationship. Roxanne and the Farwell family had been keeping their relationship a secret from everyone else. Only a few individuals were aware of it.
Jack was confident that Colby was not among the few individuals who knew about their relationship. Colby had only played along with what Jack had said because he suspected Jack’s relationship with Roxanne. He intended to make Jack feel jealous of Lucian. If a fight broke out between Jack and Lucian over this, Colby could benefit from the rivalry, as he would surely have one lesser love rival. 
###Chapter 880
Chapter 880
Chapter 880 Fury
Colby’s expression changed again and again.
After a long moment, he finally said awkwardly, “This is Dr. Jarvis’ privacy. Mr. Damaris, | only brought it up to you because | thought you knew about it. But it seems to me now that you aren’t aware of it, so let's drop that topic.”
Jack raised his brows and glanced at Colby. The dubious look in his eyes was enough to tell what he was thinking at that moment.
Colby was startled for a few seconds, feeling embarrassed. However, on second thought, he knew he would have to get in the Damaris family’s good book if he wanted to soar to a career height on par with Roxanne’s.
Suppressing the unpleasant emotions in his heart, he started sharing his history with Roxanne. “I met Dr. Jarvis when she was living abroad, and we worked together multiple times after that. After returning to the country, | thought | would lose contact with Dr. Jarvis. But surprisingly, she returned to the country shortly after | did. She even started operating this research institute with me.” As he spoke, he casually took in Jack’s expression. “Although it hasn’t been long since Dr. Jarvis returned to the country, she and | have worked and solved many issues together.”
He made it clear that he was very close with Roxanne. On one hand, he wanted to use his connections with Roxanne to get closer to the Damaris family. On the other hand, he wanted to instill more convincing points in what he had said earlier to salvage his dignity.
Jack maintained a neutral expression and listened to everything Colby said. Then he smiled. “So, Dr. Galloway, | guess it’s safe for me to assume you're pretty close with Ms. Jarvis.”
Colby smiled in response to that but said nothing.
Jack went on, “But then, your relationship seems strictly business. You don’t seem to interact much with her beyond your work.” Colby stiffened up at that.
It was true that he did not interact much with Roxanne out of work, and that was what had been troubling Colby all this while. Technically speaking, Colby had known Roxanne for a time frame not shorter than Jack knew Roxanne, but Colby had only gone to her place once to give her medicine when she needed it. Even then, he had only stood in her courtyard instead of being invited inside.
As for Roxanne’s children, he had also only met them a few times when Roxanne brought them to the research institute while living abroad. He hadn’t seen them ever since returning to the country.
On the other hand, Jack seemed pretty close with the kids despite not knowing them for too long. He even knew when the kids had fallen sick.
Colby could not help thinking about how close Jack was with Roxanne, and jealousy started brewing wildly within him.
“It's getting late now. Dr. Galloway, | should get going if you have nothing else.” Jack could not be bothered by Colby’s inner thoughts. He bade goodbye to him, turned around, and got into his car.
Although the Damaris family was prominent in the medical field, Jack was more of a businessman. He could effortlessly read Colby’s emotions by just observing his expression.
Seeing that Jack had gotten inside his car, Colby snapped back to his senses. His eyes were filled with fury as he watched Jack drive away.
He refused to think Jack did not understand his intention after he told him so many things. He believed Jack understood his message but decided not to interfere.
Even so, Jack could have changed the topic or cut him off directly, but he did not do that. Instead, he had allowed Colby to keep talking as he watched him in amusement.
Thinking back on how Jack had inadvertently led him to continue telling him more, Colby angrily slammed his fist on the research institute wall. 
###Chapter 881
Chapter 881
Chapter 881 Denied Entry
Meanwhile, on the way back home, the images of Lucian and Estella kept appearing in Roxanne’s mind. After feeling troubled for a long while, Roxanne clenched her fist to calm herself down.
Before things at Herbscape Group are finalized, there’s no evidence pointing to Lucian as the person responsible. There’s certainly nothing to prove that Lucian did that for me, so there’s no need for me to feel guilty.
After trying very hard to convince herself, Roxanne finally let the matter go.
All that was left was Estella.
She wondered how the little one was doing and if she was still crying.
More so, she also wondered if Lucian had brought Estella to look for her.
Roxanne checked her phone every now and then to see if she had any missed calls or unread messages. After a few rounds of checking, there was still nothing showing on the screen.
“Sir, please drive a little faster.” Roxanne could not help but rush the driver, feeling disappointed.
The driver acknowledged and sped up.
Twenty minutes later, they arrived at Roxanne’s home.
She quickly got out of the car and strode into the mansion.
At the same time, both Archie and Benny rushed to the door when they heard sounds from outside. They thought that Lucian had brought Estella there.
Since the time Roxanne left, both the boys had been waiting patiently on the couch so that they would not miss it when Lucian knocked on the door.
When the door opened and they saw who it was, the boys’ anticipation turned to worry.
“Mommy, are you done with your work?”
They noticed that Roxanne’s face was grimmer than before she left.
She swept her glance across the living room and saw no one except her sons.
Roxanne was crestfallen and felt a little lost. “Didn't Essie come?”
Archie and Benny exchanged glances. They could not bear to tell their mother the truth.
Roxanne had always been more worried about Estella than the boys.
“Maybe Mr. Farwell is occupied at the moment, and they will come later!”
Archie was quick to come up with something to console his mother.
Roxanne mustered a smile at the boys, but she was still devastated and worried about Estella.
Archie and Benny eyed their mother with concern. They had been standing at the doorway for quite a while now, but Roxanne did not look as if she wanted to come in.
The boys had no idea if she had forgotten or if there were some other reasons.
“Mommy, let's go in first,” said Benny in a piping voice.
It was only then Roxanne returned to her senses. With a hint of hesitation in her eyes, she declined in the end. “I'll go to Mr. Farwell’s house and take a look. Stay at home and wait for me.”
When Archie and Benny heard that, they exchanged looks before saying in unison, “We want to go with you!”
The boys were equally anxious about Estella’s situation. Given Roxanne’s current condition, they did not think she could drive on her own.
Roxanne knew that her sons were worried about her, so she comforted them with a smile, “Both of you stay here. You can tell me if Essie comes.”
Archie and Benny hesitated for a while and nodded when they heard that.
Roxanne stroked their heads and got into her car once she saw the boys shut the door. She then made her way to the Farwell residence.
Along the way there, Roxanne felt very uneasy.
She had no idea if Estella was at home and if she would be denied entry. 
###Chapter 882
Chapter 882
Chapter 882 Told Her To Leave
Roxanne finally arrived at the Farwell residence. She tried her best to suppress the disquiet in her heart before pressing on the doorbell.
This time around, it was still Catalina who answered the intercom.
Alook of helplessness showed on Catalina’s face when she saw who the visitor was.
“Catalina, is Essie back yet?” asked Roxanne as she eyed her cautiously from the screen.
Catalina sighed quietly to herself and shook her head when she recalled Lucian’s instructions. “Not yet.”
Roxanne’s gaze darkened when she heard her reply. She forced a smile and asked, “Then can | go in and wait for her?” Catalina could not bear to turn her down. However, she still shook her head in the end and said, “It’s better that you leave.” Lucian had looked displeased when he returned home with Estella and instructed Catalina to deny Roxanne entry if she came.
Although Catalina felt sorry for Roxanne, she dared not disobey Lucian, particularly when Lucian was obviously still very angry. Roxanne’s eyes shimmered when her request had been denied. Somehow, she seemed to have understood something. She looked up at Estella’s room which was on the second floor.
When she was there earlier on, Catalina had told her that Lucian had taken Estella out. She had even suggested to Roxanne to give Lucian a phone call.
Yet, right now, Catalina was asking her to leave.
Catalina knows that Lucian doesn’t wish to see me. Lucian must have brought Estella back home!
At that thought, Roxanne was filled with apprehension. She looked at Catalina pleadingly.
“| won't go in, but can you at least tell me how Essie is?”
As long as she knew how Estella was doing, she could be at ease.
Catalina sighed and shook her head again.
When Mr. Farwell left, he did not appear upset. Unfortunately, he returned with a sullen expression. He has even instructed me not to disclose any information about Ms. Estella to her. | suppose he must be angry with her. It’s only a matter of a few hours. | wonder what they’re fighting about.
Roxanne was utterly crestfallen when Catalina rejected her once more.
She stared at the second floor for a long while but did not see any movement in Estella’s room. It was only then that she turned and left.
Catalina was heartbroken as she gazed at her desolate figure.
She waited until Roxanne’s car had disappeared before she let out a sigh and went up to the second floor.
The door of Estella’s bedroom was open. Lucian was sitting on her bed and watching her sleep. His eyes were pitch-black. “Mr. Farwell,” Catalina called out to him.
Lucian turned around.
When their gazes met, Catalina instinctively looked down at Estella, who was in bed.
Lucian frowned before walking over to the door. “What is it?”
“Mrs.—Ms. Jarvis was here just now.”
Lucian looked at her without any expression.
Upon seeing his lack of emotion, Catalina understood what he meant. She looked down before saying, “I’ve already told her to leave.”
Lucian nodded and retumed to Estella’s room.
As he sat down on his daughter’s bed again, he looked out of her window.
The window of Estella’s room faced the front of the manor, and he had an unobstructed view.
Looking at the main door with no one there, Lucian sneered. 
###Chapter 883
Chapter 883
Chapter 883 Distant
Upon reaching home, Roxanne stood unmoving at the mansion’s entrance. She recomposed her expression before opening the door to enter.
The kids saw her and shuffled closer to her, asking with concern, “Mommy, has Essie gone back?”
Roxanne glanced at the anxious children with her brows furrowed as she was unsure of how to respond to their questions. After all, it was just her assumption that Lucian had brought Estella back to his home.
Archie and Benny knew her well. Seeing the hesitation on Roxanne’s face, they guessed that she must have gotten rebuffed again.
“Don’t worry, Mommy. Essie will be fine.”
Archie tried to tamp down his anxiety by acting maturely. He comforted, “Mr. Farwell will surely give you a call if something happens to Essie.”
Roxanne’s eyelashes quivered as she heard those words from him. Yes, he’s right. | might resent Lucian. However, he would always contact me for matters involving Essie. | shouldn't be too worried this time but wait for his call patiently.
On second thought, Roxanne recalled the way Catalina had stuttered a while ago. With that, she could not help feeling anxious once again.
My actions yesterday might have provoked him, and I’m unsure whether he will still contact me after this. It’s not a good idea to keep waiting like this.
Roxanne was exasperated thinking about Estella.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny could see how troubled Roxanne was. However, they were at a loss for how to help her, Thinking of Estella, they felt perturbed too.
A heavy silence ensued in the living room.
It was at that moment that Roxanne’s phone rang out of the blue.
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat. As she recalled the children’s words to her a while ago, she could barely look at her phone screen, for she was afraid that she would be disappointed.
“Ms. Jarvis, have you reached home safely?”
She picked up the phone, only to hear Jack’s voice at the other end of the line.
Roxanne’s gaze dimmed almost instantly. Nonetheless, she answered politely, “Yes, I’m home. Thank you for your concern, Mr. Damaris.”
Afterward, she thought of something and asked in return, “Are you and Dr. Galloway still at the research institute?”
Jack chuckled at the mention of Colby. He voiced, “We've separated. I’m on my way home to the Damaris residence now.” Roxanne nodded slightly. “Be careful on your way back.”
Jack smiled and uttered, “You looked troubled today. Feel free to look for me anytime if you need any help.”
As a matter of fact, that was not the first time Jack said that to her.
Apeculiar sensation swelled within Roxanne, and she kept mum for a brief moment before thanking him indifferently, “Thank you for your kindness.”
Without allowing Jack to speak, Roxanne continued, “All right. I'll hang up now.”
Jack responded with a light chuckle, “I gave you a call to show you my concern, but | didn’t expect you to be so distant toward me.”
Hearing that, Roxanne did not respond.
I'm not sure if he’s flirting with me deliberately. I'd better not say anything to avoid unnecessary trouble later. Jack was smart enough to notice her reluctance. After that, he said goodbye to her and ended the call. That phone call took a long time indeed.
In the meantime, knowing that it was a call from Jack, Archie and Benny became vigilant.
Right after Roxanne hung up on the call, they asked impatiently, “Mommy, what did Mr. Damaris say?” 
###Chapter 884
Chapter 884
Chapter 884 Call Mr. Farwell
Snapping out of it, Roxanne beamed at them nonchalantly. “It’s nothing. He’s just checking whether I’m home yet.” However, they refused to believe her words and merely stared at her.
Nevertheless, Roxanne was quick to divert her attention from Jack. Feeling distraught, she filled her mind with Estella again. Glancing at her bright phone screen, she hesitated for a moment before searching for Lucian’s number.
| have to try, even though Lucian might not answer my call. It’s better than waiting at home helplessly like this.
At that thought, Roxanne clenched her fist and made the call while trying to keep her composure.
Soon, the call interface popped out on her phone screen.
The kids turned silent in unison, watching Roxanne make the phone call.
By then, they had totally forgotten about the previous phone call from Jack.
Meanwhile, on the second floor of the Farwell residence, Lucian and Estella were in Estella’s bedroom.
It was at that moment that Lucian’s phone rang abruptly.
Disturbed by the abrupt call, Estella furrowed her eyebrows in her sleep.
Lucian’s eyes darkened as he covered Estella’s ears before lifting his head to check on his phone screen.
As he stared at the caller ID, a strange look flashed across his eyes.
Roxanne really cares a lot about Essie. However, | wonder if she prioritizes Essie or her job more...
His phone had been ringing for quite some time before Estella asked, “Daddy, why aren't you picking up the call?”
Despite that, Lucian was unbothered by it and continued to let his phone ring.
Eventually, a female mechanical voice sounded at the end of the line. Hearing that, Roxanne hung up directly.
As she had expected, Lucian refused to answer her call.
She began to feel anxious but still tried to convince herself.
If Lucian didn’t answer my call, does that mean Estella’s condition is under control?
At the side, Archie and Benny did not expect Lucian not to answer Roxanne’s call.
It seems like Mommy has been calling Daddy multiple times. Daddy must be really mad at her, but it’s not very nice of him to hide Essie’s condition from us!
The kids were enraged at the thought of that.
Once again, a blanket of silence fell over the room.
Right then, Archie’s smartwatch rang. It was a reminder to him that it was time to keep a check on the stock market.
He switched off the reminder without hesitation.
Clearly, he was not in the mood for anything else. | don’t care if I’m losing money. | can always earn the money back later. I’m more concerned about Essie right now. Money wouldn’t bring her back if something happened to her.
Roxanne heard his alarm and immediately thought of something. Then, she lowered her eyes to look at Archie.
Noticing her gaze on him, Archie stared at her in puzzlement.
Roxanne shifted her attention to his smartwatch. With a frown, she suggested, “Archie, how about you call Mr. Farwell using your smartwatch?”
He’s mad at me. That's why he won’t answer my call. | bet he will pick up the phone if Archie calls him instead. After all, the kid has nothing to do with our drama.
Hearing Roxanne’s suggestion, Archie and Benny suddenly realized that it was a good plan. Yes, we can call Daddy!
With that in mind, they nodded without an ounce of hesitation.
Archie promptly searched for Lucian’s contact on his smartwatch and pressed the dial button.
Meanwhile, a look of surprise flashed past Roxanne’s eyes when she noticed Lucian’s contact in Archie’s smartwatch.
How did Archie get his contact? | don’t recall giving them Lucian’s contact. 
###Chapter 885
Chapter 885
Chapter 885 Disappointment
At that moment, in the Farwell residence, Lucian’s phone rang once again.
Frowning when he saw the caller ID, he hesitated for a while before he got up and took the call outside.
It didn’t matter which one of the boys was calling him because Lucian had no reason to reject their calls under any circumstances.
In fact, he was afraid something bad would befall them in the event that they were calling him because of an emergency. It was a slim possibility, but Lucian did not want to leave it up to chance.
“Archie, what’s wrong?”
Over the phone, Archie called out to Lucian in a childish voice and turned to look at his mother hesitantly.
Roxanne smiled encouragingly at Archie, gesturing at him to continue speaking. At the same time, she forced herself to ignore the peculiar sensation that had welled up in her heart.
Archie asked, “| heard Mommy say that Essie’s crying. How's she doing now?”
He purposely mentioned his mother in hopes that Lucian would realize she was the one who made him ask after Estella. Lucian’s gaze darkened after hearing Archie’s words.
| had a feeling Roxanne was the one who made him do this, but | didn’t expect him to come out with the truth so easily.
“Is Essie still crying?”
Without waiting for his reply, Archie repeated his question and turned on the speaker.
With that, Roxanne would also be able to hear the conversation when Lucian spoke. However, the other end of the line remained silent for some time.
Lucian was currently debating with himself if he should inform Archie, for Roxanne was bound to find out if he did so.
He wanted to use the opportunity to make Roxanne consider whether work or the children was more important to her.
Archie could vaguely guess Lucian’s line of thought. In a pitiful voice, he beseeched, “Mr. Farwell, we can keep it a secret from Mommy since you're angry at her. However, Benny and | are very worried about Essie. Can you please tell us how she is right now?”
Benny chimed in, “Mr. Farwell, please tell us!”
The two of them sounded so pitiful that Lucian found his heart softening. After a brief silence, he finally replied.
“Estella is fine and asleep for now. Don’t worry too much. Also, since I’m the one who made her cry, I’ll make sure to take responsibility.”
Heaving sighs of relief, Archie and Benny turned to look at Roxanne in unison.
Since Essie is okay, I’m sure Mommy will be relieved too!
However, the troubled expression on Roxanne’s face did not fade in the slightest.
Judging from Lucian’s words, Estella had cried herself to sleep. What if she continues to throw a tantrum after she wakes up? At that thought, Roxanne’s lips parted as if she wanted to say something.
If only he’d let me see Essie...
A thought occurred to Roxanne, and she quickly closed her mouth. Turning to Archie and Benny, she sent them a pleading look. The two of them instantly understood her intentions.
Benny begged in an adorable voice, “Mr. Farwell, can Mommy bring us to visit Essie?”
As Benny spoke, Roxanne stared at the smartwatch nervously as if she could see the person on the other end of the line on it. Without hesitation, Lucian’s reply came the moment Benny finished speaking. “No, | don’t see why you’d need to when you can see her at school tomorrow.”
Archie and Benny's faces fell after hearing Lucian’s reply. Roxanne, too, was filled with disappointment.
Unable to bear their mother’s sadness, the two boys tried with all their might to come up with something else. 
###Chapter 886
Chapter 886
Chapter 886 Unease
“If there’s nothing else, I’m hanging up now.”
Lucian waited for a moment before preparing to end the call when the two boys did not speak.
“Mr. Farwell, wait a minute!” The boys hurried to stop Lucian after hearing his words.
Lucian paused, complying with their request.
Cautiously, Benny glanced over at his mother while holding onto Archie’s watch. He said, “Mr. Farwell, are you busy at work? If so, you can send Essie to us. We'll take good care of Essie together with Mommy.”
After uttering the words, Benny waited with bated breath for Lucian’s reply.
After all, Lucian had rejected their request to go visit Estella just moments ago. Hence, it would not be a surprise if this request was rejected as well.
In fact, he’s quite likely to reject it. Still, it was worth a try. Maybe Daddy will even agree to it!
Roxanne had not expected the boys to come out with their request so suddenly, leaving her feeling anxious.
A few moments later, Lucian’s voice sounded from the phone. “There’s no need. | will stay home and take care of Essie.” Without waiting for them to speak, Lucian hung up right away.
The boys’ mouths were agape for a moment before awkwardly shutting. Then, they turned to look at their mother with woeful expressions.
As she was filled with frustration, the light in Roxanne’s eyes slowly dimmed.
However, she forced herself to smile and gently pat their heads when she saw their crestfallen expressions.
“Thank you, my darlings. Don’t worry. At least we found out that Essie’s all right.”
The two boys nodded obediently in response.
Although they were still worried, they knew if they wore their hearts on their sleeves, their mother would only become sadder. “Anyway, why do you guys have Lucian’s phone number?” Roxanne looked at Archie and Benny in confusion.
Not only did they somehow have Lucian’s phone number, but the latter also did not inquire who the caller was and clearly called out to Archie after picking up the phone.
This meant that the three of them had contacted each other before.
However, Roxanne had no recollection of Archie ever using his smartwatch to call Lucian. Thus, she concluded that they must have done it behind her back.
Suspicion surged within her as the realization hit her.
Right then, guilt flashed across their eyes as Archie and Benny realized their mother had caught wind of what they had been up to.
Steeling himself, Archie said, “Mr. Farwell gave us his number the day you got drunk. He told us to call him anytime if we needed anything.”
Roxanne furrowed her brows, trying to recall the time she had gotten drunk and had to be sent home by Lucian.
It makes sense if the boys had gotten Lucian’s phone number back then.
She leaned forward and tousled their hair, chiding them, “Don’t disturb him too much.”
Nodding demurely, Archie and Benny let out sighs of relief inwardly when Roxanne did not pry into the matter further. Roxanne sat with the children in the living room for some time before leaving to prepare their afternoon meal when lunchtime drew near.
In the living room, Archie and Benny whispered among themselves.
“Archie, is Essie really okay?” Benny asked as he fiddled with his fingers to distract himself.
Pressing his lips together, Archie replied solemnly, “I don’t know either.”
Judging from Daddy’s tone, Essie didn’t seem to be okay.
Even if Lucian did not explicitly spell it out for them, they could guess the reason. Estella had likely fallen asleep after wearing herself out with the crying. 
###Chapter 887
Chapter 887
Chapter 887 Is Essie Okay
Thinking of that, the boys felt sorry for Estella.
“Alas, Daddy doesn’t allow us to visit her,” Benny grumbled in a piping voice.
Yet, his brother refuted almost immediately, “No. It’s not that he doesn’t allow us to see her.”
Benny looked at his brother in puzzlement upon hearing that.
After glancing in the direction of the kitchen, Archie expounded dejectedly, “Daddy just doesn’t want Mommy to visit Essie.” His words left Benny stunned for a moment. As realization dawned on the latter, his expression instantly changed.
| wonder what happened to Daddy and Mommy. Is he still angry about what happened yesterday? But that’s just a trivial matter... Even Essie has forgiven Mommy.
Meanwhile, Roxanne, who was in the kitchen, felt uneasy as well.
Earlier, when she was on the phone with Lucian, she overheard the sound of Estella’s sobs.
Estella was wailing miserably, and Roxanne even heard the little one uttering her name.
At that moment, Roxanne was racked with guilt and full of remorse for the decision she had made.
If | had known this beforehand, | would’ve rushed to her and stayed by her side. | wouldn’t even hesitate. Alas, | didn’t know Lucian would stop me from seeing Essie. She matters more to me than anything else in the world. Those medicines are nothing compared to her...
“Mommy, what’s that smell?” Archie and Benny asked as they walked toward Roxanne.
The boys were puzzled to detect a strange smell in the air.
As the unpleasant smell seemed to be wafting from a pot, the boys stood on their tiptoes to take a look.
However, they were too short to look into the pot.
As the boys’ voices pulled Roxanne out of her stupor, she lowered her gaze to check the ingredients in the pot.
Unfortunately, everything in the pot was fully blackened and burnt. Even the air was permeated with the odor of burnt food. Gosh! I've been thinking about Essie all this while and forgotten that I’m cooking!
Roxanne hurriedly turned off the stove. She looked apologetic as she looked downward at Archie and Benny. “Sorry, Mommy was lost in thought, and the food got burned. We shall head out for lunch.”
After that, she turned around and took off her apron.
Eventually, the three of them went to a restaurant nearby their house.
As the trio was still worried about Estella, they did not have much appetite. They had something light for lunch and returned home right after.
“Mommy, are you tired?” Archie and Benny asked as they noticed how absent-minded their mother was.
“Why don’t you go upstairs to get some rest?” one of the boys suggested with great concern.
Roxanne knitted her brows when she heard that. Although she was indeed tired, she could not help but worry about leaving the children all by themselves.
“Don’t worry, Mommy. We'll take good care of ourselves!” the boys reassured with a loveable smile.
As Roxanne massaged the bridge of her nose, she uttered softly, “All right. Mommy will head upstairs to get some rest. Be good, and stay right here, okay?”
In truth, she felt totally exhausted after what had happened.
After the boys nodded obediently at her in response, she turned around and went upstairs.
Her mind was mired in chaos as she locked herself in the bedroom.
As she did not feel sleepy, she stared blankly into space while sitting on the bed.
However, it wasn’t long before she got up and strode toward the study. She thought staying busy with work could keep her out of her inner turmoil.
Meanwhile, the little ones downstairs kept quiet until there was no rustling sound coming from upstairs.
“Archie, let's head to Daddy’s house,” Benny suggested in a low voice.
The little boy looked immensely serious, and his eyes sparkled with anticipation as he spoke.
Mommy couldn't even concentrate while cooking. She was also absent-minded when we were eating just now. I’m sure Mommy is very worried about Essie. Since Daddy won’t allow Mommy to visit her, the two of us can go, no? We can tell Mommy about Essie’s condition after the visit! 
###Chapter 888
Chapter 888
Chapter 888 Feeling Uneasy
After giving it some thought, Archie looked toward the room on the second floor with a frown.
As usual, the elder child had more to consider before deciding.
Mommy is upset and worried about Essie. We shouldn't go out without her knowledge. She'll fly into a panic!
As for Benny, he continued to persuade his brother, “Essie may still feel uncomfortable when she wakes up. I’m sure she'll feel better if she sees us. On top of that, we can also let her know Mommy is worried about her!”
Having heard that, Archie was slightly swayed. After some time, he finally came to a decision.
Soon, the boys furtively opened the mansion door and ran straight to the roadside. After hailing a cab, they headed to the Farwell residence.
Naturally, the cab driver was shocked to see two children getting into his car. After hesitating for a moment, he voiced, “Hello, kids. Where are your parents?”
“We're going to our daddy’s house! Mommy has given us some cash for the fare,” Archie replied in an adorable voice.
The driver heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing that. He then started the car and drove toward the boys’ destination.
They're indeed a pair of silver-spooned kids. This is already a luxurious residential area, but they're heading toward a more pricey neighborhood. Nevertheless, the little ones are sure pitiable. Their parents are already living separately when they're at such a young age.
Anyhow, Archie and Benny knew nothing about what the driver was thinking. They were excited and looking forward to seeing their father and Estella.
Concurrently, Estella was sleeping in her bedroom at the Farwell residence.
When she was woken by the ringtones that rang out a moment ago, she opened her eyes in a daze.
“It hurts...”
Estella could not help but moan in pain as she felt excruciating pain around the eye area.
Her voice drew Lucian’s attention, and he immediately strode into the room.
He furrowed his brows worriedly as he wasn’t sure when exactly Estella had woken up.
Earlier, James had left the manor in a hurry. He had to attend to some urgent matters after sending them back.
Before leaving, James had repeatedly reminded Lucian to pay attention to Estella’s emotions. He said that Estella might still be emotionally unstable when she woke up.
As the little girl squinted her eyes, she noticed that the person standing at the door was her father. With a woeful expression, she stretched out her hand to him.
Lucian hurried forward and scooped her up in his arms. “Are you okay? Do you feel uncomfortable?”
Estella touched her eyes gently and uttered softly, “Eyes. They hurt.”
Frowning, Lucian looked at her eyes only to notice that she had swelling around that area.
As the little girl had cried miserably earlier, it made her eyes swell up.
In actuality, this happened to Estella quite frequently, even before she met Roxanne.
As an autistic child, Estella did not know how to express and manage her emotions. She would always lock herself in the bedroom and cry her eyes out whenever she felt uneasy.
As a result, her eyes would always get swollen the next day.
As such, Lucian had already gotten used to treating her swollen eyes.
After checking her eyes, he carried her down the stairs and applied a cold compress to her eye area.
“Mr. Farwell. Ms. Estella,” Catalina greeted them politely.
Noticing that Estella’s eyes were red and swollen, Catalina could not help but express her concern worriedly. “Gosh, that’s severe swelling!”
Estella, who was being held in Lucian’s embrace, was grasping the latter’s shirt tightly with her tiny hands.
Since she had cried herself to sleep, she still felt upset after she woke up.
Having heard what Catalina said, the little girl wanted to respond to the former. However, when she opened her mouth, a burp got out, and tears started to well up in her eyes again. 
###Chapter 889
Chapter 889
Chapter 889 Like Her
Catalina quickly comforted her by saying, “It’s okay. Have a good rest, Ms. Estella. I'll massage your eyes for you.”
Estella nodded aggrievedly and leaned against Lucian’s chest.
The look in Lucian’s eyes was pitch-dark when he took a glance at Estella.
After a while, Estella finally regained her senses. When she did, she recalled what had happened before she fell asleep. “Daddy, where’s Ms. Jarvis?” Estella tugged at Lucian’s shirt. Before | fell asleep, Mr. Lann had told me Ms. Jarvis would come back to see me in a short while.
Lucian didn’t expect Estella to suddenly mention Roxanne. His gaze turned grim right away, and he didn’t know how to answer Estella’s question. If Essie knows Roxanne isn’t here because | didn’t allow her to come, she’s going to become agitated. However, | can’t lie to Essie.
“Is Ms. Jarvis not here yet?” Estella threw Catalina an innocent glance.
Thinking about Roxanne’s previous two visits, Catalina subconsciously glanced at Lucian.
At that moment, Lucian was expressionless.
Seeing that, Catalina hesitated for a while before shaking her head. “I think Ms. Jarvis is still busy. Wait a while longer, okay, Ms. Estella?”
Upon hearing that, Estella lowered her gaze in disappointment. | thought | would see Ms. Jarvis the moment | woke up. “Daddy.” Again, Estella tugged at Lucian’s shirt sheepishly.
Lucian lowered his head and met Estella’s gaze.
With an innocent expression, Estella asked, “Daddy, could you call Ms. Jarvis? Could you get her to come earlier?”
Lucian’s gaze darkened as soon as he heard those words. After that, he kept mum.
“| want to see Ms. Jarvis,” Estella uttered aggrievedly.
Lucian patted her head in response and said, “I know.”
Estella noticed how Lucian had ignored her previous question, so she knew Lucian could still be angry at Roxanne. In an anxious tone, she asked, “Are you still angry at Ms. Jarvis, Daddy? Don’t be angry anymore, okay? I’d be very sad...”
While she was talking, she sniffled aggrievedly.
Estella really thought Lucian was still angry about what had happened the day before.
Lucian merely frowned and remained quiet until he saw that Estella was about to cry. Remembering James’ advice, he answered in a deep voice, “I’m not angry anymore.”
Estella wasn’t convinced. “Why is your expression so grim, then?”
“That’s because I’m worried about you.” Lucian forced a smile.
Estella didn’t dwell too much on it. In fact, she even started consoling Lucian by saying, “Don’t be scared, Daddy. I’m fine.”
After that, she mumbled, “I just want to see Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny. Daddy, could you send me to Ms. Jarvis’? If she’s still at work, it’s fine. | can wait for her there.”
Estella knew she would feel better if she could wait at Roxanne’s house, for she would be able to see the latter after working hours.
“Do you like Ms. Jarvis that much?” Lucian couldn’t help but ask.
Estella nodded earnestly. “As much as | like you, Daddy.”
Lucian frowned, and his gaze darkened. “Why?”
Estella found that question hard to answer. While furrowing her brows, she tried her best to come up with an answer. In the end, she gave up and shook her head. “I don’t know.”
All she knew was that Roxanne was kind to her. Besides, Ms. Jarvis’ smell makes me feel safe. 
###Chapter 890
Chapter 890
Chapter 890 Roxanne Is Here
Estella lowered her gaze discreetly and burrowed into Lucian’s embrace. Ms. Jarvis smells so much better than Daddy! Lucian scoffed at the irony of the situation. Essie only likes Roxanne so much because of the bond between a mother and a child.
Little did he know, Roxanne was feeling the same about Estella.
He thought that Roxanne had chosen her job over Estella.
“Daddy, don’t feel remorseful, okay?” Estella remembered the phone call that made her cry. In a sheepish and cute tone, she added, “I only want Ms. Jarvis to be my mommy.”
Upon hearing those words, Lucian was reminded of the phone call, and he went silent for a few seconds after Estella repeated the question.
Annoyed, Lucian wanted to refute Estella’s words. However, he quickly recalled James’ advice. In the end, Lucian took a few seconds to calm himself down.
Once he had suppressed his anger, Lucian replied vaguely, “I won’t marry someone you don’t like. Besides, I’m not planning on getting married anytime soon.”
“| only like Ms. Jarvis!” Estella’s eyes lit up.
In other words, the only woman Lucian could marry was Roxanne because Estella wouldn’t like any other woman apart from her. A bitter look appeared in Lucian’s eyes when he heard that. He didn’t expect Estella to respond so swiftly.
When Estella said those words, there was a sly look in her eyes as she stared at Lucian.
“| know.” Lucian furrowed his brows helplessly.
In other words, he had agreed to Estella’s words.
Hearing that, Estella finally flashed a smile. While tugging at Lucian’s shirt, she urged, “Daddy, quick! Pursue Ms. Jarvis!” Lucian merely nodded indifferently in response because he couldn’t help thinking of the scene where Roxanne was with Jack. Even if | don’t want to accept it, it’s the truth. Roxanne is no longer the person she was six years ago. Now, she’s a lot more eye- catching. I’m no longer the only man she sees.
Refusing to give up, Estella probed, “You know what | mean, right?”
Estella wasn’t going to let the matter slide unless she heard a definitive answer from Lucian.
Lucian returned to his senses and heaved a helpless sigh. “I'll try.”
Satisfied, Estella nodded and gradually removed herself from Lucian’s embrace. While staring at him sternly, she encouraged, “You're the best daddy in the world, Daddy! Ms. Jarvis is also the best mommy in the world! You'll surely be successful in pursuing Ms. Jarvis, Daddy! After all, Archie, Benny, and | will be helping you!”
Lucian was amused by her words. He could only nod at her since he was rendered speechless.
Suddenly, the intercom in the mansion rang.
Thinking that Roxanne was there, all three of them looked inquiringly in the door’s direction.
Catalina subconsciously took a couple of steps toward the entrance, but she turned around to look at Lucian, awaiting his permission.
Lucian frowned. If Essie were asleep, | would unhesitatingly tell Catalina to decline the call. However, Essie is awake, and she’s staring at the door.
Left without a choice, Lucian nodded at Catalina, signaling her to answer the door. If Roxanne’s here, |’ll let her in.
Catalina heaved a sigh of relief and quickly went to answer the intercom. 
###Chapter 891
Chapter 891
Chapter 891 Stay
To her surprise, she didn’t see anyone on the intercom screen. “Who's there?” Catalina asked in confusion. After a while, a cute voice rang out, “Hi, Ms. Catalina. We're Archie and Benny. Can we go in to see Essie?”
As soon as those words fell, Archie and Benny stood on their toes to show two pairs of eyes on the intercom. Catalina had taken care of Archie and Benny before, so she remembered them well.
In fact, Catalina’s heart melted a little when she heard their voices. Still, she remembered to turn toward Lucian to get his permission.
Seeing that Catalina wasn’t responding, Archie and Benny added, “It’s just the two of us. Mommy isn’t here!”
Lucian and Estella heard those words loud and clear. Lucian frowned slightly and nodded at Catalina, letting her know it was okay to let the boys in.
On the other hand, Estella’s expression turned slightly gloomy. | thought Ms. Jarvis would be here as well. Since Archie and Benny are here, why didn’t Ms. Jarvis come to see me?
Seeing that the gates to the manor were slowly opening, Archie and Benny's eyes lit up, and they breathed a long sigh of relief inwardly.
They had thought Lucian wouldn’t let them in. Luckily, Daddy let us in!
Archie and Benny were holding hands when they ran toward the main entrance.
By then, Catalina had already opened the door for them.
Archie and Benny ran straight into the living room and saw Estella sitting on Lucian’s lap.
Archie and Benny suppressed their urges to see Estella straightaway and greeted politely, “Hi, Mr. Farwell.” Lucian then raised his gaze toward the entrance behind Archie and Benny.
Sure enough, he didn’t see Roxanne coming through the door.
Moments later, Lucian retracted his gaze and nodded at Archie and Benny indifferently. In a deep voice, he asked, “How did you guys get here?”
Archie and Benny looked at each other before replying evasively, “We hailed a taxi! The driver was kind to us.”
In fact, they were right. When they wanted to pay the taxi fare upon arrival, the driver demanded less money because they were kids. He had even waited until the boys got into the manor before leaving.
Lucian furrowed his brows when he heard the response. He then rephrased his question. “Does your mommy know you guys are here?”
Archie and Benny pretended to feel guilty and asked timidly, “Is it not okay? We were really worried about Essie.”
With that, the boys looked at Estella, who was sitting on Lucian’s lap.
Estella felt a lot better after she found out that Roxanne had asked the boys to visit her. She then turned toward Lucian and grabbed his arm. “Daddy, | want to play with Archie and Benny!”
Lucian patted Estella’s head and agreed to it, “Since your mommy knows you guys are here, stay and have fun.” With that, Lucian set Estella down. Estella immediately scampered toward Archie and Benny.
When she got closer to them, Archie and Benny saw Estella’s reddened eyes, and they were heartbroken. Essie must've cried a lot just now. Otherwise, why would her eyes be swollen and reddened?
Estella didn’t know what was on their minds, so she just grabbed their hands and said, “Let’s play upstairs!”
Archie and Benny nodded before asking for permission from Lucian politely. Seeing that Lucian had nodded back at them in response, they went upstairs with Estella. 
###Chapter 892
Chapter 892
Chapter 892 | Am Fine
Lucian watched the kids go up the stairs as a myriad of emotions rushed through him. Just now, Archie and Benny said Roxanne told them to come. She kept calling me throughout the day, but | haven't picked up any of her calls. | thought she would’ve given up since she knew | was angry. Who would’ve known that she would use the boys against me?
At first, she told the boys to call me. After that, she even told them to come and see Essie. Undeniably, she’s gotten smart. However, why didn’t she just come when she has already done so much? She knows that | wouldn't refuse her if she were to come with Archie and Benny. Could it be that she’s also angry at me? But why should she be?
Catalina sensed Lucian’s anger and uttered carefully, “Mr. Farwell, I’ll send some snacks up for Ms. Estella and the boys.” Upon hearing that, Lucian regained his senses. In order to push those thoughts aside, he rubbed his temples forcefully. He then rose to his feet from the couch and uttered in a hoarse voice, “I'll go.”
Catalina nodded and gave him the plate in her hands.
Lucian took the plate and went upstairs.
At that moment, Estella, Archie, and Benny were sitting in a circle in Estella’s room.
“Where's Ms. Jarvis? Is she still busy working?” Estella asked Archie and Benny in her adorable voice.
Archie and Benny were stunned for a moment before asking warily, “Who told you Mommy is busy at work?”
“Daddy. Even Ms. Catalina said so,” Estella answered innocently.
Besides, when Lucian called Roxanne earlier in the morning, Estella also heard the latter saying the same thing.
That was why Estella thought that was really the case.
Upon hearing Estella’s response, Archie and Benny exchanged a look before coming up with a white lie. “Mommy has her hands. full. That's why she told us to visit you first.”
The boys could tell that Estella had been crying. If she knows Daddy and Mommy are still arguing, she’s going to get emotional again.
Estella nodded understandingly before saying in a cheery tone, “Daddy has forgiven Ms. Jarvis!”
Again, Archie and Benny were stupefied. With mixed feelings surging within their hearts, they only nodded a few seconds later. It seems like Daddy has told Essie a lot of lies to calm her down. Fortunately, we asked her the question first just now. Otherwise, we would've exposed everything.
With that in mind, Archie and Benny both breathed a sigh of relief inwardly.
“Are you still feeling unwell?” Archie asked caringly.
Estella shook her head in response. “I’m fine! | was just angry at Daddy this morning. However, Daddy has already promised to stop fighting with Ms. Jarvis.”
Archie and Benny felt relieved when they heard that. We almost told her the truth accidentally.
“When will Ms. Jarvis be done with her work?” Estella suddenly asked.
Archie and Benny were getting overwhelmed by Estella’s continuous questioning. Well, that depends on when Daddy stops being angry. How would we know when that will be?
Upon being put in a tight spot, Archie and Benny could only stare at each other helplessly.
As they were racking their brains to come up with an answer for Estella, someone knocked on the door. Estella retracted her gaze from them and got up to open the door.
“Hi, Daddy!” Estella smiled and greeted obediently when she saw the person standing at the door.
Right then, Lucian was looking right back at her as he stood at the door while holding a plate of snacks and drinks. 
###Chapter 893
Chapter 893
Chapter 893 | Will Look For Them With You
“Mr. Farwell.” At the thought that they had almost given their father’s lie away earlier, Archie and Benny stood up and greeted Lucian guiltily.
Inclining his head a fraction, Lucian swept a dark look over them both. A sense of warning seemingly hit Archie and Benny through the air, upon which the expressions on their faces turned much more docile.
They could surmise that he was cautioning them against saying something they shouldn’t be saying. Seeing that they had grasped his meaning, Lucian nodded slightly and placed the snacks meant for them on the table.
“Just tell Ms. Catalina if you need anything. I’m going to settle some things.” All three children bobbed their heads in unison. Without saying anything further, Lucian whirled around and left.
He was so absorbed in brooding over Roxanne’s thoughts just now that he forgot to remind Archie and Benny to be mindful of their words.
For that reason, he offered to do it instead when Catalina said she was going to take some snacks upstairs. Watching as the bedroom door closed once more, Archie and Benny inwardly breathed a long sigh of relief. Phew! Daddy was really scary earlier!
Following Lucian’s interruption, Estella forgot all about their conversation just now. She proceeded to share the snacks with Archie and Benny.
Soon, they all played together while munching on the snacks.
The matter about Roxanne was thrown at the back of Estella’s mind.
Meanwhile, Roxanne had finally forced herself into working mode after much effort. Engrossed in work, she accidentally lost track of time.
By the time she came out of the study, it was already growing dark.
Recalling the failed lunch at noon, she thought of making it up to Archie and Benny by going downstairs early to prepare dinner. She initially reckoned that they would be playing downstairs, but there were no signs of them when she went to the floor below. “Archie? Benny?” she called in a raised voice, giving their absence little thought.
When a while passed without any response, her heart sank.
She swiftly went upstairs and peeked into Archie and Benny's room by the door, but they weren’t there. Neither were they in the backyard.
Only then did she realize that they had left at some point in time.
For a moment, sheer panic swamped her.
They had just returned to the country not long ago, so she couldn’t figure out where Archie and Benny could have gone. After racking her brain for some time, she took a chance and knocked on Madilyn’s door.
Her best friend’s house was the only place she could think of where Archie and Benny might have gone.
Coincidentally, Madilyn was on leave at home. She happened to be napping when she heard the knock, so she was still pretty groggy when she opened the door.
“What is it, Roxanne? Are you here to invite me to dinner? I'll pass since | still want to sleep.”
Having said that, she made to close the door without standing on ceremony with Roxanne.
Roxanne, on the other hand, frowned. “Did Archie and Benny come over to look for you?”
At that, Madilyn screeched to a stop in her tracks, her drowsiness disappearing into thin air. “No. Have they gone missing?” In truth, Roxanne had a sinking suspicion of the answer the moment she laid eyes on her best friend earlier.
She only went ahead with that question because she still harbored a shred of hope within her.
Her hope finally died when she received Madilyn’s negative answer. Consequently, her heart sank even further.
Realizing that something had happened, Madilyn hurried back into the house and snagged a coat, draping it over herself. “I'll look for them with you!”
Archie and Benny aren’t familiar with the environment in the country. | really hope they didn’t get lost! Worried beyond words, Roxanne didn’t decline the offer.
They first searched around the neighborhood. When there were no signs of Archie and Benny, they climbed into the car to look somewhere farther.
Unfortunately, they were both at a loss after doing so, for they had no idea where Archie and Benny could have gone. 
###Chapter 894
Chapter 894
Chapter 894 What Should We Do Now “Were they wearing their watches when they left?” Madilyn, who was calmer than Roxanne, asked with a frown. At once, a light bulb went off in Roxanne’s mind. At the same time, regret and frustration inundated her.
Too many things had happened today that everything else fled my mind when | realized that Archie and Benny had gone missing, leaving panic all that remained. Luckily, | went over to look for Madilyn!
Following Madilyn’s reminder, she called Archie and Benny without delay.
Alas, Archie didn’t answer even after a long while had passed.
She then called Benny, but still, no one picked up.
As Roxanne and Madilyn listened to the ringing tone drifting out of the phone, their hearts sank to the bottom. There were too many reasons that Archie and Benny weren’t answering the calls.
The worst possibility flashed across their minds...
Roxanne dug her nails into her palms to force herself to remain calm. Unlocking her phone, she checked the GPS location of Archie and Benny’s watches.
Only when she saw the two tiny green dots on the screen did a sliver of relief creep into her. Phew! Fortunately, | can still track them! “I'll drive.” Likewise, having seen the GPS location, Madilyn immediately started the car engine.
Roxanne nodded weakly while staring at the two tiny green dots that were seemingly overlapping, not daring to take her eyes off for even a second.
Fortunately, the two tiny green dots remained stationary. Thus, they wouldn’t have any trouble tracking Archie and Benny down.
An inexplicable sense of familiarity flooded Roxanne as she scrutinized the distance between her current location and the tiny green dots. But on second thought, she found that absurd.
In her bedroom at the Farwell residence, Estella tilted her head in puzzlement at the sight of Archie and Benny's watches flashing incessantly.
“It seems that someone is calling you, Archie.”
Archie glanced at the caller ID before he shook his head guiltily. “No, it’s just my alarm.” After saying that, he hid his wrist away.
Mere moments later, Benny’s watch started flashing.
Similarly, he brushed it off with the same lie.
As their watches kept flashing, Archie and Benny exchanged a look brimming with craftiness.
Mommy will definitely come looking for us according to our GPS location when we fail to pick up her calls! At that time, she'll undoubtedly meet Mr. Farwell!
Twenty minutes later, Madilyn brought the car to a stop at the gates of the Farwell residence.
At the sight of the grand building and door plate above, her expression changed, and she instinctively cast a look at her best friend.
Roxanne’s expression was far more intriguing.
Dear Lord! My mind was truly a mess that | didn’t even realize that the GPS location was evidently the Farwell residence!
“I've always wanted to ask you this, Roxanne. Have Archie and Benny learned of their identities?” Madilyn couldn’t help venturing.
The instant Roxanne heard that question, her pupils abruptly constricted. A while later, she shook her head in feigned calmness. “No. I've never told them about it. Even Lucian isn’t aware of that.”
They can’t possibly have learned the truth ahead of Lucian when even he has no idea about this matter.
Helplessness washed over Madilyn as she studied her best friend’s expression.
She could tell that Roxanne couldn’t be sure of the answer. Instead, the latter was merely trying to convince herself.
Nonetheless, she didn’t plan on saying anything further to put more pressure on her best friend since the latter seemed weighed down with troubles. She merely queried, “So, what should we do now?”
Hearing that, Roxanne lifted her eyes and stared at the manor gates. A glimmer of exasperation flittered across her eyes.
It’s all too clear that Archie and Benny deliberately didn’t pick up my calls, intending for me to hunt them down. But right now, I’ve got no other choice.
“Go home first. I'll go in and have a look at things,” Roxanne murmured apologetically.
Turning, she opened the car door and alighted from the vehicle. 
###Chapter 895
Chapter 895
Chapter 895 How Is She Doing
It wouldn’t be appropriate for Madilyn to poke her nose into Roxanne and Lucian’s relationship, so she ultimately turned around and drove off after a moment's hesitation.
Roxanne watched until the car had gone far into the distance before she pivoted and rang the manor’s doorbell. This is already the third time today. | wonder if | can get in this time.
In the mansion, Archie and Benny had Catalina stay in the room and play with them. As such, the latter didn’t hear the doorbell downstairs.
Conversely, it was exceedingly quiet in Lucian’s study, so he could distinctly hear the sounds from downstairs. When the doorbell continued ringing even after a while had passed, he stepped out of the room for a look. Catalina’s voice drifted out of Estella’s bedroom.
He didn’t bother interrupting them, going downstairs and switching on the video intercom instead.
“Cat...” Roxanne habitually greeted Catalina, but no sooner had the first syllable fallen than she made out the person on the screen. Her voice suddenly tapered off.
In the mansion, Lucian’s eyes darkened frightfully.
Sensing the change in his mood, Roxanne furtively clenched her fists and started, “I saw that Archie and Benny are here, so | came.”
Aslight frown marred Lucian’s countenance. “Indeed, they're here.” While he was saying that, a hint of bemusement flashed across his eyes. What trick is she up to now? She instructed Archie and Benny to come over, and now she wants to use that excuse to gain entry.
At his affirmative answer, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief. “Sorry, they must have given you much trouble, huh? Can you please tell them I’m here to pick them up and will be waiting for them at the gates?”
Because she had been refused entry twice in the morning, she was very cautious when she spoke. In fact, she didn’t even request to be allowed into the house.
Again, Lucian’s eyes darkened. He didn’t bother saying anything but raised his hand and pressed a button on the screen. A few seconds passed. Just when Roxanne was about to press him for a reply, the gates slowly opened.
On the heels of that, Lucian’s low and deep voice rang out unhurriedly. “I haven't got the time, so you should talk to them yourself, Ms. Jarvis.”
When he said that, he turned the video intercom off right away.
Roxanne mulled over the meaning of the man’s remark for some time before she hesitantly walked in.
By the time she reached the mansion’s door, she saw that it was already open.
Her heart clenched for no apparent reason, and she reflexively treaded lighter.
As soon as she stepped into the house, she was greeted by the sight of Lucian sitting on the couch.
“Thank you, Mr. Farwell,” she stated in an aloof tone while lowering her eyes.
She initially thought that he wouldn’t say anything, but his voice unexpectedly rang out once more in the next heartbeat. “What for?”
Roxanne wasn’t sure whether it was merely her imagination, but Lucian’s voice was seemingly tinged with a trace of scorn. A mixture of emotions brewed within her, and her gaze flickered. “For... allowing me entry.”
After saying that, she lifted her eyes to him and inquired hopefully, “Can | go and look in on Essie? How is she doing?” The moment her words fell, Lucian’s expression visibly darkened.
Following that, Roxanne’s heart sank to rock bottom.
“I'm pretty sure you know why you were denied entry today, Ms. Jarvis.”
Lucian’s voice was cold and indifferent.
At that, Roxanne balled the hands hanging by her sides into loose fists.
Indeed, | know the reason. But | already know what | did wrong, and I'd like to make amends. Regretfully, he obviously doesn’t intend on giving me that opportunity.
In the meantime, Lucian continued mocking, “It looks like you've learned quite a few tricks while you're with Mr. Damaris, Ms. Jarvis.”
That comment of his had Roxanne’s brows knitting together and her eyes brimming with perplexity. 
###Chapter 896
Chapter 896
Chapter 896 A Hint Of Wariness
Slowly getting to his feet, Lucian pinned a dark look on Roxanne, who stood at the door. “I really don’t know when you learned to use your kids to set me up, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne’s eyes flickered, her gaze mystified. When had | ever done such a thing? Glimpsing the innocent expression on her face, Lucian frowned and started to head in her direction slowly.
The instant Roxanne noticed his intentions, her heartstrings drew taut, and she backed away warily. Throughout it all, she kept a distance from him.
“Why are you drawing away if you’re not feeling guilty, Ms. Jarvis?” Lucian sneered.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne hesitantly stopped retreating, her brows furrowing imperceptibly. “I don’t know what you're talking about.”
His gaze gloomy, Lucian demanded lowly, “Don’t tell me it wasn’t because you were sure | wouldn’t ignore the kids’ calls that you had Archie phone me, Ms. Jarvis?”
Again, Roxanne clenched her hands by her sides and remained silent.
It's true that | did such a thing, but... how was that considered setting him up? In fact, it was nothing compared to the methods he used against me previously!
Lucian’s eyes narrowed dangerously. “Since you knew full well that | wouldn’t deny you entry with the kids present, Ms. Jarvis, why didn’t you come with them instead?”
When he spoke of that, he swept a probing gaze over her, his voice low and terse.
Subsequently, he continued, “Or did you take advantage of the interval to handle some ‘work’ with Mr. Damaris, Ms. Jarvis?” In a seemingly inadvertent manner, he placed extra emphasis on the word “work.”
By the time his words fell, he was already standing before Roxanne.
At his words tinged with sarcasm, Roxanne was reminded of her anxiousness that entire day and frowned deeply. A faint spark of anger started blazing in the depths of her eyes.
“| wonder what kind of important work you've still got with Mr. Damaris, Ms. Jarvis.”
Lucian stared down at the woman in front of him, his voice going even lower when he clocked the fury in her gaze. Forcibly suppressing the rage within her, Roxanne dipped her eyes and masked all the emotions within them. “Our matters have nothing to do with you, Mr. Farwell. Please help me get Archie and Benny down.”
At the bland detachment in her voice, Lucian mistakenly thought he had hit the nail on the head. Immediately, the fury within him flared into an inferno.
Roxanne waited for a while with her eyes lowered. When the man before her remained passive, she made to circle around him. Admittedly, | was in the wrong, but | only wronged Essie. | don’t think | owe him anything.
Thanks to the hindrances from him throughout the day, she was already bone-tired from worrying about Estella.
Thus, she really hadn’t the energy to bicker with him then.
Since he’s unwilling to help me out, I'll go upstairs by myself.
However, she had only taken a step when Lucian grabbed her wrist.
Halting in her tracks, she uttered in a cool voice, “Please let go of me, Mr. Farwell.” Alas, the grip of the hand grasping her wrist merely tightened following her request.
Pain shot through her, and her brows gradually creased. The look in her eyes as she regarded Lucian also carried a hint of wariness.
“What are you doing?”
Lucian had anger written all over his face. “What are you being guilty about? Could it be that you were still settling so-called work matters with Jack despite claiming that you were worried about Essie?”
Left with no other choice, Roxanne turned back and met the man’s gaze with a frown.
“Since you don't believe me, Mr. Farwell, you can ask Archie and Benny what | did in the afternoon. There’s no need for you to be so adamant about getting an answer from me.” 
###Chapter 897
Chapter 897
Chapter 897 Rather Disgraceful Upon hearing her reply, Lucian snorted. “Was it not you who arranged for Archie and Benny to come over?” Hah! She arranged for the two boys to come and placate Essie first while she spent the time with Jack!
As that possibility occurred to him, the temperature around him plummeted frightfully. “Do you find Essie all too easy to fool, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne, on the other hand, merely found him unreasonable. “I can’t do anything about it if you insist on thinking so, Mr. Farwell.”
After saying that, she struggled vigorously, hoping to go upstairs to get Archie and Benny down.
He has already made up his mind about things, so it'd be futile no matter what | say further.
Verily, she didn’t want to waste any more time. Instead, she wanted to see Estella sooner.
Sensing her aversion, the rage in Lucian’s eyes blazed all the hotter. “It was some matter related to Herbscape Group, right?” At that remark, Roxanne abruptly stilled, shock flashing across her eyes.
All this while, Jack and Colby had been hinting to her that the trouble in Herbscape Group was Lucian’s doing.
Although she harbored some suspicions, she had been persuading herself not to simply draw conclusions before having any evidence.
However, Lucian’s tone at that moment had the scales within her start tilting. So, he has always known about the problems plaguing Herbscape Group!
In the next second, Lucian verified her conjecture expressionlessly. “If so, I'd advise you two to stop wasting your time and energy. Sooner or later, Herbscape Group will belong to Farwell Group.”
As his words rang out, his eyes glinted dangerously. Due to her utter shock, Roxanne’s struggles gradually ceased. Self-deprecation filled her eyes at the man’s definite tone.
Why exactly did | still convince myself not to doubt him when Jack and Colby had already made things so clear? Besides, Farwell Group is the only one with the motive and ability to do that in the whole of Horington.
“As expected of you, Mr. Farwell. Your methods in the business world are truly astounding.” She corralled her thoughts even as her gaze dimmed and her lips curved into a self-deprecating arc.
Perceiving the peculiarity in her words, Lucian frowned. “You might as well just say it bluntly if you find my methods despicable, Ms. Jarvis.”
To him, the business world was no different from the battlefield. If a method guarantees a win, then it's a good one. Furthermore, | want to take this chance to teach Jack a lesson and warn him
not to approach my woman. That aside, | intend to wake her up and have her consider carefully whether her work or the kids are more important!
Roxanne lifted her eyes and held his gaze. “I merely want to know one thing—why are you doing this?”
When her words drifted into the air, Lucian derisively arched a brow. “As Herbscape Group dared to breach their contract with Farwell Group, Farwell Group naturally has to teach it a lesson!”
Hearing that, Roxanne surreptitiously breathed a sigh of relief. Jack’s words back then really left me feeling very much worried. Fortunately, Lucian’s reason is in line with my thoughts. “Why did you think I’m doing this, Ms. Jarvis?” Lucian’s voice echoed in her ears once more.
Roxanne’s expression froze for a heartbeat, but in the next second, she remarked in feigned calmness, “I just find such a method rather disgraceful for Farwell Group.”
Having said that, she forcibly suppressed the guilt within her and turned her head to the side nonchalantly.
Lucian swept a scrutinizing gaze over her face, but she averted her face. 
###Chapter 898
Chapter 898
Chapter 898 Force Herself To Calm Down
“As long as | find a method effective, it isn’t considered despicable,” Lucian riposted coldly after a while, putting away the scrutiny in his eyes.
Her eyes flickering, Roxanne nodded self-deprecatingly. “Oh well, I’m not far-sighted enough.” Lucian stared at her thoughtfully.
Out of the blue, he offered in a much gentler tone than earlier, “If it’s to your liking, | can retain you as the technical advisor of Herbscape Group.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne snapped her head around with a frown, meeting his gaze in puzzlement.
He was absolutely livid just now, but he’s now extending me an olive branch in the blink of an eye. Is this considered... a chance for me to salvage things?
At that thought, mirth bubbled within her.
Meanwhile, Lucian’s hand tightened around her wrist when he received no answer from her even after a long time had passed. “Farwell Group can likewise give you the same resources as Damaris Group.”
Roxanne could sense that the surrounding temperature was gradually dropping. Her heart inexorably sank as well.
After calming herself for a few seconds, she declined in feigned calmness, “No, thank you. There are many doctors far more outstanding than me. Considering Farwell Group’s financial capabilities, you can unquestionably choose someone of greater repute to take this position.”
She only agreed to be Herbscape Group’s technical advisor back then because of their project.
But then, Herbscape Group wouldn't have anything to do with Damaris Group’s project anymore if it ended up being acquired by Farwell Group.
In other words, there was no need for her to get involved further.
However, to Lucian, he felt that she chose Jack when given a choice between him and the latter.
Following that thought, a murderous rage enveloped him, and a storm brewed in his eyes. “What if | insist?” At that, Roxanne’s brows furrowed. “There are some things Farwell Group can’t give me. Don’t coerce me.” No sooner had her words fallen than the man suddenly drew closer to her.
In a flash, they were practically standing toe to toe.
Roxanne instinctively took a step back.
Little did she know that she had already retreated to the edge of the door by an inch. That single step placed her right against the wall behind her.
On reflex, she turned and glanced at her back.
When she turned back again, Lucian had already stepped forward, bringing them so close that they could sense each other’s breaths.
Her eyes went wide in panic, and she lifted her hands to push him away. “What are you doing? Let go of me!” Alas, Lucian effortlessly caught her outstretched hands. In a trice, he had restrained both her hands and pinned them above her head.
He stared at her with a smoldering look in his eyes. “I gave you a chance!”
Right after saying that, he leaned toward her.
Having no retreat left, Roxanne could only watch helplessly as the man’s face drew closer to her. The instant their noses collided, she unconsciously trembled.
Before she could gather her wits about her, a warm sensation grazed her lips.
Struggling wildly, she wanted to protest, but Lucian shot a hand out and grasped her chin. She was forced to open her mouth, yet she couldn’t utter a complete sentence.
As the man’s kiss grew increasingly intense, his breath brushing against her face turned all the hotter. Tensed and panicked, Roxanne bit his lip hard.
In the next moment, Lucian grunted. Clapping a hand over the corner of his mouth, he backed away from her. They looked at each other in silence for a long while, different emotions brewing in their eyes.
Lucian stared at Roxanne with a hand over his bleeding lip, his gaze scorching and tinged with a hint of darkness that had yet to fade.
On the contrary, Roxanne dug her nails into her palms to force herself to calm down. 
###Chapter 899
Chapter 899
Chapter 899 Threw Herself Into Her Arms
“I'll go and pick Archie and Benny up.” An indeterminate time passed before Roxanne lowered her eyes and murmured that in feigned calmness.
She really had no idea how to face the man in front of her, so she could only pretend as though nothing had happened earlier. At the sight of her blasé look, Lucian quirked his lips, deliberately baring the wound at the corner of his mouth. Out of her peripheral vision, Roxanne glimpsed the corner of the man’s mouth. Her expression turned awkward.
Lucian proceeded to dab at the corner of his mouth. By then, his gaze had already cooled. In a deep voice, he offered, “I'll bring you upstairs.”
Argh! | was again irritated by her just now and lost hold of my self-control for a moment. And now, she has aversion etched across her features.
Fury and annoyance simmered within him, but in the end, they all turned into indifference.
Reaching a tacit consensus, neither of them mentioned a single word about the incident just now.
Lucian spun on his heel and headed upstairs. Similarly, Roxanne followed behind him without a word.
Neither said anything until they arrived in front of Estella’s bedroom door.
In the room, the three children had gotten somewhat tired from playing and were sitting in a circle, munching on snacks. “| need to go downstairs to prepare dinner.”
Catalina felt exceedingly gratified after watching them play the entire afternoon. Since it was almost time for dinner, she planned to go downstairs.
Upon hearing that, Archie and Benny exchanged a glance. They both felt a touch perplexed.
Why isn’t Mommy here yet when a long time has passed? Don't tell me she hasn't realized that we're at Daddy's place! If she didn’t look at the GPS position, she must be in a total panic right now!
While unease haunted them, Catalina turned around and opened the room door. At once, she caught sight of the two people standing by the door.
“Mr. Farwell.” Then, she shifted her gaze to the woman beside Lucian. A pause ensued before she greeted, “Ms. Jarvis.” Forcing a smile, Roxanne inclined her head at Catalina. “I’m here to pick Archie and Benny up.”
When Catalina’s gaze swept over the couple’s lips, shock flittered across her eyes. But still, she quickly retracted her gaze nonchalantly and shifted her body sideways to make way for them to enter the room.
“They're in the room.” Nodding slightly, Roxanne lifted her eyes and cast her gaze into the room.
Archie and Benny had scrambled up and sprinted to the door as soon as Catalina’s voice had rung out. Right then, they were both staring at the couple intently.
The instant they glimpsed the mark on the corners of both adults’ lips, understanding dawned upon them, and they rejoiced inwardly.
No wonder Mommy took such a long time to come upstairs. This is why...
Sensing their gazes, Roxanne couldn't help feeling guilty.
Just when she was about to explain herself, Estella’s juvenile voice split the air. “Ms. Jarvis!” In the next second, the little girl threw herself into her arms. Roxanne instinctively caught her.
She had been worrying about Estella for the entire day, so she naturally had to check the latter over carefully when she was right in front of her then.
At that thought, she cautiously crouched and looked straight into Estella’s eyes. Meanwhile, Estella had waited for Roxanne for the entire day, even bracing herself for the possibility of not getting to see her.
Thus, she was over the moon to see Roxanne there all of a sudden. There were no signs of sorrow on her face. Instead, she beamed from ear to ear.
Yet, Roxanne noticed the redness and swelling that hadn’t abated around her eyes. Immediately, a stab of pain assailed her. “Sorry, I’m late.” She caressed Estella’s head remorsefully. In response, Estella shook her head hard with innocence written all over her face. “You had Archie and Benny visit me instead!”
Behind her, Archie and Benny hung their heads low and furtively inched closer to each other when they heard that. 
###Chapter 900
Chapter 900
Chapter 900 Do Not Need To Do So
Lifting her eyes, Roxanne glanced at Archie and Benny. Sensing her stare, Archie and Benny raised their eyes guiltily and flashed her a smile before averting their gazes nonchalantly.
Astrange feeling welled within Roxanne. Gradually, realization dawned upon her. No wonder Lucian asked me such a question earlier. It turned out that they used my name to come and visit Essie.
That understanding had a sense of exasperation inundating her. But ultimately, she didn’t say anything.
Well, they only did so because they really wanted to come here and visit Essie. Besides, I’m pretty sure Essie’s mood only lifted because they came.
“Are you still feeling unwell anywhere now?” Roxanne regarded Estella in concern.
In response, Estella shook her head docilely and replied in a cute voice, “Archie and Benny played with me!”
At that, Roxanne knew that her conjecture was right. Relief suffused her.
“Why did you come so late, Ms. Jarvis? Have you just finished your work?” Estella inquired, concerned about her instead. Hearing that, Roxanne abruptly recalled Lucian’s question when they were downstairs just now.
For a moment, she didn’t quite know how to answer Estella.
Fortunately, Estella didn’t really need an answer from her. She merely urged thoughifully, “Don’t tire yourself out, Ms. Jarvis. You've got to take good care of yourself!”
Touched by her innocence, Roxanne nodded emotionally and her eyes moved. “Okay, | will. Won't you allow me to check you over?”
Following that, Estella obediently stretched her hand out.
Taking her wrist, Roxanne took her pulse.
While she couldn’t diagnose Estella’s mental condition, she could still check her physical condition. Only then, she would be at ease.
After checking the little girl over and ascertaining that everything was fine, she breathed a sigh of relief. “It's late, so I’ve got to bring Archie and Benny home. We'll come and visit you again another day, okay?” Roxanne stroked Estella’s head before she slowly straightened up.
She couldn't bear to part with the latter, but she was all the more averse to facing the man behind her, especially after the incident a while ago.
At that remark, Estella, who was still smiling a minute earlier, promptly withered. She gazed at Roxanne pitifully. Behind them, Lucian’s gaze darkened frightfully.
Well, well, well... Despite seeing that Essie cried her eyes out because of her, she still has no qualms about leaving at the drop of a hat!
In a flash, the atmosphere between everyone there turned tense.
Catalina alternated her gaze between them. Then, she bit the bullet and tried to smooth things over. “I’m just going to prepare dinner. Stay and have dinner with us, Ms. Jarvis.”
After saying that, she was afraid that Roxanne would decline, so she added, “Archie and Benny must be hungry as well.” Archie and Benny bobbed their heads cooperatively.
Seeing that, Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds. But in the end, she still hardened her heart and turned the offer down. “Thank you, but | think I'd best bring them home for dinner.”
Considering the incident earlier, if | were to stay for dinner, Lucian might misunderstand. Moreover, he hadn't said anything despite being the master of this manor, so there isn’t any reason for me to accept the invitation.
In truth, Lucian had expected that answer from her.
Nonetheless, he still couldn’t help feeling chagrined.
“If you're declining because of Herbscape Group, Ms. Jarvis, you really don’t need to do so.” Roxanne was promptly stunned, and a myriad of emotions brewed within her.
He clearly knows why I turned the dinner invitation down, yet he accused me of mixing business and pleasure. Now that the kids hear him, they'll likely feel that I’m the one at fault! 
###Chapter 901
Chapter 901
Chapter 901 Accepted Readily
Roxanne frowned imperceptibly, not quite sure how she should refute that fora moment.
In front of her, Estella grew all the more aggrieved when she didn’t only decline the dinner invitation but was also not responding to her father’s comment after such a long time.
“Are... Are you mad at Daddy, Ms. Jarvis?”
She gingerly tugged on Roxanne’s sleeve.
Jolted out of her thoughts by Estella’s voice, Roxanne regarded the little girl before her with mixed emotions.
Estella sniffled, feeling utterly miserable.
Although she had no idea what Herbscape Group Lucian was speaking of, she could tell that the two adults were at odds again. Daddy has finally forgiven Ms. Jarvis, but now she is mad at him...
At that thought, she lifted her eyes and glowered at her father in aggravation and ire.
Meeting her gaze, Lucian put away some of the displeasure on his face and said nothing further.
Roxanne was silent for a moment before she patted Estella on the head in consolation. “No, | just don’t want to trouble Ms. Catalina.”
“It's just a matter of preparing two more dishes, so it’s no trouble. I'll go about it right away,” Catalina hastily interjected with a smile.
At that, Roxanne choked, for she hadn't yet decided to agree and was merely coaxing Estella.
Unexpectedly, Archie and Benny’s voices had already rung out before she could open her mouth.
“It's been ages since we last had your cooking, Ms. Catalina! We'd like to eat your signature meatballs!”
Beaming, Catalina readily agreed.
Archie and Benny’s remark was tantamount to an acceptance of the dinner invitation. That aside, Catalina had already gone downstairs to prepare dinner.
In the end, Roxanne swallowed the demurral on the tip of her tongue and went along with Archie and Benny’s decision. Throughout it all, Lucian didn’t utter a single word further.
However, it was still his house.
For that reason, Roxanne got up after deliberating for a long while and murmured, “Sorry for troubling you, Mr. Farwell.” Lucian shot her an unfathomable look before he went into his study without saying a word.
There was still some time before dinner. Roxanne didn’t know what to do, so she played with the three children in the room for a while.
Only when Catalina came upstairs to call them did she lead the trio downstairs.
She initially thought that Lucian wouldn't be eating with them, considering his attitude earlier.
To her surprise, the man descended the stairs no sooner had they taken their seats. He sat down across from her.
“Ms. Catalina’s grilled fish is really delicious, Ms. Jarvis!”
Estella took a piece of fish for Roxanne, snapping her back to reality.
Smiling, Roxanne thanked her. “Thank you, Essie.”
Estella flashed her a docile smile in return. Then, she took a piece of fish for Lucian.
Inclining his head a fraction, Lucian remained silent.
Imitating Estella, Archie and Benny took some food for their mother before timidly glancing at Lucian at the side.
Discerning their intention, Lucian reflexively stole a glance at the woman sitting across from him. Thereafter, he quirked his lips at them in assent.
In the next second, Archie and Benny took some food for him, one after another.
Lucian accepted readily.
Roxanne, on the other hand, gaped at her two children, the emotions in her eyes turning increasingly complicated.
Madilyn’s question before she stepped foot into the manor earlier echoed in her ears.
Could it be that they’ve really learned about their relationship with Lucian? But even so, their attitudes toward their biological father shouldn’t be such. | remember that they were exceedingly averse whenever the topic of their biological father came up. Hence, they wouldn’t be treating him so nicely right now.
Following that thought, she felt that she was overthinking things. Forcibly suppressing the thoughts running through her mind, she lowered her eyes and started eating. 
###Chapter 902
Chapter 902
Chapter 902 | Will Bring You Camping
Roxanne didn’t want to tarry after dinner, so she took her leave with Archie and Benny.
“Can't you play with me for a while longer, Ms. Jarvis?”
Estella clutched at the hem of her shirt with all the reluctance in the world.
Leaning down, Roxanne stroked her head and cajoled gently, “It’s late, so I’ve got to go home.” After saying that, she added in a moment of weakness at the sight of Estella’s reluctant expression, “I'll come and keep you company another day.”
She merely wanted to comfort the little girl, but the latter unexpectedly took it seriously.
“When will that be?” Estella gazed at her pitifully with solemnity written all over her face.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne was inexorably stunned for a while.
When will that be?
On instinct, she lifted her eyes an
In the past, Lucian would speak up and help her diffuse the situation. But this time, he acted as though he didn’t notice her predicament.
In that instant, Roxanne couldn’t quite bring herself to tell Estella the truth as she stared into her hopeful gaze.
Meanwhile, Estella continued in utter ignorance, “Archie and Benny told me that you often bring them out to have fun. Can | tag along, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne’s eyes flickered, and she
Alas, Archie and Benny promptly seconded at the side, “Let's go camping together next week! That'll be fun!”
Back when they were abroad, Roxanne always brought them camping with her colleagues from the research institute whenever she was free, andi
When Estella heard that, the anticipation within her soared, and her eyes shone brightly.
As Roxanne looked at her seemingly sparkling eyes, she simply couldn't bring herself to turn her down.t was incredibly delightful.felt downright conf
“Essie, Ms. Jarvis is very busy with work, so she probably has no time.”
Out of the blue, Lucian’s scornful voice drif
At his words, Roxanne’s pupils constricted. Snapping her eyes up, she glared at the man in front of her with an absurd look in her eyes.ted into their ears.licted.
| found it unnecessary to explain his misunderstanding toward me earlier, but | never thought that he’d remember it for so long and even mock me!
At that, the light in Estella’s eyes dimmed, and she dipped her eyes in disappointment.
Helplessness deluged Roxanne as she eyed them both. She had no other choice but to suppress the disgruntlement within her and first coax Estella.
“| promise I'll bring you camping with Archie and Benny next week.”
It wasn’t until then that Estella raised her head once more. But still, skepticism lingered in her eyes.
Archie and Benny hurriedly chimed in, “Mommy never lies!”
Estella had always trusted them unconditionally, so the smile entered her eyes again since they had said as much.
Bobbing her head obediently, she held her little finger out at Roxanne.
Roxanne was startled for a moment, not quite sure what Estella wanted to do.
“A pinky promise,” Estella urged in her cute voice.
At that, understanding dawned upon Roxanne. She found it rather amusing, yet her heart melted at the same time.
Amoment later, she held her little finger out and hooked it around Estella’s outstretched finger in a pinky promise.
Only then did Estella relax completely.
“It's late, so I’ll be going home with Archie and Benny first. Rest earlier, Essie.”
Before leaving, Roxanne bid her farewell with a smile.
Waving at her obediently, Estella saw them off.
Lucian stood behind her silently with a dark and indecipherable gaze as he watched Roxanne, Archie, and Benny disappear into the distance.d glanced at the man across from her, telling him with her eyes that she didn’t really mean it. 
###Chapter 903
Chapter 903
Chapter 903 Do Not Be Mad Anymore
“Daddy.”
When Roxanne, Archie, and Benny had disappeared from sight, Estella lifted her eyes and stared at her father.
At her voice, Lucian slowly retracted his gaze and lowered his eyes to meet her gaze. “Yes?”
Puffing up her cheeks, Estella demanded in a huff, “Did you make Ms. Jarvis mad again?”
Tonight, Ms. Jarvis didn’t talk much to him. No matter how hard Archie, Benny, and | tried, she hardly glanced in his direction. Following that line of thought, frustration swamped her.
He has already promised me that he’d forgive her and never make her mad again, but he didn’t keep his word!
Discerning her thoughts, Lucian frowned and was just about to answer when he abruptly remembered James’ advice in the next heartbeat.
Thus, he went silent for a few seconds before replying, “We have some conflicts at work.”
As soon as Estella heard the word “conflicts,” her face fell.
Lucian regarded her with his brows furrowed. “Both of us have to work, so it’s inevitable that we have conflicts at work. You must understand that.”
Nevertheless, Estella scrunched her face in anger. “But why must you bring home your conflicts at work?”
Her question had words eluding Lucian.
“Could it be that you haven't forgiven Ms. Jarvis?” Estella was all dubious.
When Lucian heard that she was placing the blame on him, his brows creased.
Some time passed before his lips twitched cryptically, and he asserted, “You know | never bring work stress home.”
Blinking hesitantly, Estella solemnly cast her mind back to the past.
That seems to be true indeed. He’s very busy, but he’s still exceedingly patient with me every time he returns home. So, was it Ms. Jarvis who brought work stress home?
She couldn’t understand why adults couldn’t draw a line between work and private life, much less fathom the fact that the person who did so was none other than Roxanne.
But even then, she’s always in the right!
Adamantly siding with Roxanne, she furiously shot daggers at her father. “Even so, you've got to coax her!”
Dumbstruck, Lucian felt utterly exasperated.
I've already spelled things out, but she’s still siding with Roxanne!
Meanwhile, Roxanne hailed a taxi by the roadside and brought Archie and Benny home.
She was really exhausted after interacting with Lucian earlier, so she didn’t speak much throughout the drive.
However, Archie and Benny thought that she was angry at them. Thus, they looked at each other guiltily.
Benny tugged at Roxanne’s shirt pitifully. “Mommy... Don’t be mad anymore, okay?”
Hearing that, Roxanne forcefully perked up and met their gazes in puzzlement.
“We shouldn’t have sneaked out and made you worry,” Benny whispered in apology with his head penitently hung low.
The instant Roxanne heard that, she inexorably recalled Lucian’s words earlier.
| can understand that they sneaked out, but | really can’t fathom why he framed it as a deliberate ploy on my part.
At that thought, a headache started assailing her.
Conversely, Archie and Benny thought that she was livid, so they gave explanation after explanation.
“We only went to see Essie because we were really worried about her.”
“Besides, we were afraid that she’d be even sadder when she didn’t see you upon waking up, so we wanted to make her happy.” 
###Chapter 904
Chapter 904
Chapter 904 Did You Have Another Fight
Roxanne could tell that the children were getting anxious, so she did her best to suppress her emotions. “I’m not mad. In fact, | want to thank you for comforting Essie.”
Even though the kids’ actions did cause a misunderstanding with Lucian, Roxanne knew Estella’s mood would not have improved had it not been for them.
The children breathed a sigh of relief after hearing their mother but remained somewhat cautious.
“Sorry, Mommy. We won't run off by ourselves again,” promised Archie after crawling into her embrace.
Despite how dim the light in the car was, the exhaustion on Roxanne’s face was plain to see.
The boy was convinced that he did not do anything wrong before, but at that moment, he was filled with guilt.
Benny, too, crawled into his mother’s arms and apologized.
Then, Roxanne gave her children a big hug before patting them on the head. “I know you were just worried about Essie.”
In response, the kids nodded in agreement because they were indeed concerned about Estella.
However, they also had another reason they dared not tell Roxanne.
On the way home, Roxanne could not help but tense up when she saw from afar that the lights in the mansion were on.
After reaching the door, Roxanne was about to ask the children to stay there while she went inside to have a look when someone suddenly turned the doorknob from the other side.
“You're finally back!” Madilyn felt as if a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders when she saw the three.
After leaving the Farwell residence, she went straight to Roxanne’s house and waited for them to return.
The truth was that Madilyn could not stop worrying about the two little ones.
Roxanne, too, was relieved to see her best friend at her house, and following that was a burst of emotions.
“Aunt Madilyn,” greeted the boys, puzzled by the woman’s appearance since they had no idea what had happened.
With a serious face, Madilyn lowered herself so she could look the boys in the eye. “Let me see if you’re okay.”
Only after confirming that the children were not injured in any way did Madilyn start scolding them. “Do you know how worried you made your mother and me this afternoon? You're not to run off again without telling us. Do you understand? If you must, at least inform your mother.”
The boys did not know their mother had asked Madilyn to help search for them until they heard that, so they quickly lowered their heads and apologized, “We're sorry, Aunt Madilyn. We will do that next time.”
Glaring reproachfully at the two children, Madilyn uttered, “It’s a good thing you had those watches on you. Remember to keep them on always, okay?”
To that, the kids quickly nodded.
Only after scolding the children did Madilyn rise to look at her friend, whom she could not help worrying about when she saw how exhausted the woman was. “What happened? Are you and Mr. Farwell...”
Madilyn wanted to ask if Roxanne and Lucian had a fight but stopped because she suddenly remembered the two boys were beside her.
Knowing what her friend wanted to ask, Roxanne smiled and pretended as if everything was okay. “No. I’m just really tired today.”
Madilyn then gave Roxanne a suspicious look but decided not to overthink the situation.
After all, searching for and worrying about two lost kids was a taxing affair.
Even though Madilyn had no idea what had happened at the Farwell residence, she was sure it took a lot out of Roxanne. 
###Chapter 905
Chapter 905
Chapter 905 A Fire
Still, Madilyn did not ask about it in the end, and since it was already late, she decided to take her leave.
Roxanne was drained, so she went to bed early that night.
The next morning, Roxanne was woken up by her ringing phone.
She then forced her eyes open to check the time and realized there were ten minutes left before her alarm went off at seven. Wondering what the phone call was about, Roxanne sat up to wake herself further before answering the call. “What’s up, Dr. Galloway?”
“The research institute is on fire!” exclaimed Colby nervously.
Roxanne was completely awake the moment she heard that. “I'll be right over!”
“Hear me out first. I’ve already contacted the fire department, so the firefighters are on their way,” added Colby.
However, Roxanne did not hear that because she had already hung up. After washing up, she rushed to the institute without even putting any makeup on.
Roxanne would hate for anything to happen to the medicinal herbs she had just placed there the day before.
Now that Herbscape Group has been seized, it’ll be difficult to find a medicinal herb supplier again if | lose those medicinal herbs. With that thought in mind, Roxanne anxiously sped up her car.
The firefighters were already doing their best to put out the fire when she arrived at the scene.
“You're here,” greeted Colby, who hurried over to Roxanne as soon as he saw her.
After nodding in response, Roxanne had her eyes fixed on the location on fire. “What's the situation now? Did they find out what caused the fire?”
Not only was the institute filled with many medicinal herbs, but it also had numerous flammable materials.
Hence, those working there had always been vigilant with fire prevention efforts.
Roxanne had never heard of any fire incident involving the institute, so she wondered how the fire could have started.
Colby had a strange look in his eyes before he quickly put his thoughts aside and pretended to be collected. “We haven’t got the time to investigate yet. | came in early today and was surprised to smell something burning inside when | was unlocking the door. The fire was already burning vigorously when | got in, so | quickly called the fire department before calling you.”
After the explanation, Colby ventured a guess with furrowed eyebrows. “It’s probably caused by a misplaced item. | should’ve checked everything before leaving yesterday.”
When Roxanne saw how Colby blamed himself for the incident, she suppressed her anxiousness to comfort him. “It wasn’t your fault. After all, nobody could’ve seen this coming.”
The fire captain walked out after he and the other firefighters managed to de-escalate the situation, so Roxanne hurriedly approached him.
Colby still had more to say, but the woman before him was already gone.
Staring blankly at where Roxanne stood, Colby seemed somewhat displeased with his face hardening.
“Hi! Is the situation serious? Do you know what caused the fire?” questioned Roxanne anxiously, standing before the captain. After wiping the sweat off his face, the captain frowned while shaking his head. “We can’t tell just yet. It won’t be easy to find the cause since institutes like yours are usually filled with flammable materials.”
To make things worse, the materials mentioned were already reduced to ashes.
Roxanne was disappointed when she heard the reply but thanked the captain anyway. “Thank you for your help.”
To that, the captain nodded indifferently. “It’s our duty.” 
###Chapter 906
Chapter 906
Chapter 906 Something Is Not Right
After confirming that the fire was put out and getting the green light from the firemen, Roxanne was finally able to get near the research institute that was engulfed in an inferno.
Her heart sank the moment she managed to get a closer look.
She had been worried sick all morning, overcome by the apprehension that the medicinal herbs that she had just retrieved the day before were all gone.
Alas, her worst nightmare came true. The very store that caught on fire was the one where the medicinal herbs were stored. Not only were the medicinal herbs the batch that they had just retrieved the day before destroyed, but the other medicinal herbs they previously stocked up were also burned to ashes.
Fortunately, Colby had managed to call for help in time and managed to stop the fire from spreading to other areas.
“This...” Standing beside Roxanne, Colby found himself to be at a loss for words as he stared at the shambles before them. Roxanne let out a soft sigh. “Well, luckily no one was hurt, and the fire didn’t spread to other areas of the research institute.” Colby sighed and said in a defeated manner, “There goes the hard work you guys did yesterday.”
It took them the whole morning to move all the herbs into the store. Moreover, Colby knew that it must have been difficult for Roxanne and Jack to get the herbs from Herbscape Group in the first place.
Roxanne furrowed her brows in response.
It would be difficult to get her hands on medicinal herbs of the same quality.
Nonetheless, that was the least of her concern right then.
She turned to look at Colby and said, “Dr. Galloway, could you please investigate the root cause of the fire at the research institute?”
If it was due to the flammable nature of the herbs, Roxanne knew there was nothing she could have done to prevent the disaster. However, if someone had deliberately set the place on fire, she knew she had to expel the culprit from the research institute. Colby immediately led a group of people to the surveillance room.
Meanwhile, Roxanne sought the firemen’s help to locate the ignition source.
However, they couldn’t find anything after looking for quite some time.
“We seldom encounter cases of research institutes catching on fire. However, more often than not, it is due to inappropriate storage of medicinal herbs,” a fireman commented. “Perhaps the fire at your research institute is also due to the same reason.” Roxanne reckoned that the ignition source must have burned away in the fire under such circumstances. That would explain the reason they couldn't locate the ignition source.
Despite feeling that something was off, Roxanne could only nod along doubifully to the fireman’s remarks as she thanked him. The fireman returned to his post afterward.
The chief fireman bade goodbye to Roxanne and left with his team.
Roxanne and the staff of the research institute were left at the entrance of the research institute.
She remained unconvinced by the fireman’s conclusion.
However, since they couldn’t locate the ignition source, the fireman might be right.
Then again, the research institute had always been fine, and there were only the usual few types of medicinal herbs in store. The staff in charge of the store were all experienced as well. Thus, Roxanne was baffled by the fact that they would commit a mistake that could lead to a fire at the store.
Utterly confounded, Roxanne was overcome with frustration.
After some time, she turned around to face the staff who had all been standing behind her with a solemn look on her face.
“Who was the first one to arrive here in the morning?” she asked.
Someone replied in a small voice, “It was Dr. Galloway. He’s the one holding the keys, and he’s always the first to arrive and unlock the entrance for us every morning.”
Roxanne frowned slightly, plagued by a gnawing feeling that something was not right.
According to the staff, nobody else would have access to the research institute even if they arrived first, seeing as only Colby had the keys.
Then again, what could be Colby’s motif?
Moreover, he was the one to report the fire to the authorities.
Roxanne found it incredulous that Colby would do something like this. 
###Chapter 907
Chapter 907
Chapter 907 The Surveillance Cameras Are Down
After a moment of contemplation, Roxanne suppressed her suspicion toward Colby and scanned the group of staff in front of her. “Have you guys carried out the scheduled periodic inspections on the herbs and store lately?” she asked.
The staff in charge of the inspection last week hurriedly took a step forward.
“| inspected every single storeroom last week, and I’ve only left after confirming that everything was in order,” he replied. Roxanne took a closer look at the man, and she recognized him as one of the experienced staff of the research institute. Hence, she had no doubt of his work ethic.
Every staff present knew the inappropriate storage of medicinal herbs could put the entire lab in peril.
Hence, nobody dared to take the matter lightly.
However, if there was indeed no problem with the storage of the herbs as claimed by the staff, why would the store suddenly catch on fire?
The more Roxanne thought about it, the more befuddled she was. Hence, she merely nodded at the staff's explanation.
“Now that the fire has been put out, other areas in the research institute are now safe. Do proceed to your respective workstations and resume work,” she added.
Then, she turned around and headed for the surveillance room.
It would appear as if only the surveillance room had the answer she was looking for.
Afraid that Colby might have sensed something, Roxanne hastened her pace.
She bumped right into Colby who was heading out of the surveillance room when she arrived.
As the two of them locked gaze with each other, Roxanne’s heart sank.
Colby was wearing a gloomy expression. It was as if he hadn’t found out anything useful from the footage.
“Did you find out anything?” Nonetheless, Roxanne decided to try her luck and asked.
Colby frowned and shook his head. “I didn’t see anything.”
Roxanne knitted her brows.
“Well, | think it’s better for you to see for yourself,” Colby replied grimly.
Then, he led Roxanne into the room. She stood before the control center and tried to access the footage in the morning. The crease between her brows deepened the longer she looked at the footage.
There was nothing but black smoke in the footage.
It seemed like the store didn’t catch on fire just that morning.
The fire could have started way earlier in the wee hours of the night.
“Can we have a look at some earlier footage?” Roxanne turned to Colby and asked.
He shook his head helplessly. “For unknown reasons, the surveillance cameras were down from yesterday afternoon till this morning,” he explained.
Then, Colby started to retrieve the footage.
There was nothing but static on the screen. It would appear that the surveillance cameras had indeed malfunctioned. Roxanne felt her heart sank yet again.
Even though she trusted the staff and believed that they had no reason to sabotage the research institute, it was clear as day that someone had deliberately tampered with the surveillance cameras.
After some time, Roxanne nodded at Colby and said, “All right. Let's get out of here.”
Colby nodded and turned off the footage. A cold glint fleeted across his eyes as he watched her leave.
When Roxanne turned around to rush him, however, the cold glint in his eyes was gone.
“Have you found out what happened?” he asked.
Roxanne kept her eyes low, unable to conceal her distress. “No. | have to ask around and find out what happened.” Roxanne felt a heavy weight bearing down on her chest as she thought about how she would have her answer very soon. Colby didn’t ask further questions and followed her all the way to the research area. 
###Chapter 908
Chapter 908
Chapter 908 Senior Employee
In the research area, the researchers had just regained their composure from the fire incident earlier and got back to work. When they saw two people walking in, they stopped what they were doing in unison.
With a grim expression, Roxanne swept a glance at everyone and asked, “Did anyone come to the research institute yesterday afternoon?”
Coincidentally, the surveillance cameras were down, so Roxanne could only assume that someone had gone over at that time. As soon as those words fell, everyone exchanged glances with each other silently. Yesterday was a Sunday. It was such a good opportunity to rest at home. So why would anyone come to the research institute without a reason? Besides, she’s asking questions that has something to do with the fire. Even if someone was here, why would they admit it?
Suddenly, Roxanne was exuding a fearsome aura as she threw a cold glance at everyone. “I have no desire to suspect anyone here, nor can | think of a reason why an employee at the research institute would do something like this. However, the truth is that the person responsible for the fire is someone from the inside. Hence, | would like to know who that person is. Please step forward and don’t cause the other employees unnecessary trouble.”
After that, she added coldly, “The fire caused a huge loss to the research institute. When | find out who’s responsible, I'll have no choice but to press charges. However, if that person is willing to come forward now, | think there’s still room for negotiation.”
Everyone lowered their heads when they saw the look in her eyes.
In an instant, pin-drop silence ensued and the only sound left was of the boiling liquid in the research area.
“Ahem!” Colby suddenly cleared his throat to defuse the tension in the air.
At that precise moment, one of the male employees shuddered.
However, Roxanne didn’t notice it because she had shifted her attention toward Colby.
Colby started slowly, “I’ve been hiding something from you. After hearing what you said, | think | ought to spill it. This is for the sake of that person.”
With that, he raised his head and looked at everyone.
He spoke softly, but everyone could hear him clearly.
The crowd was taken aback when they heard those words. Judging by Colby’s tone, it seems like the person responsible is really someone from the research institute!
Realizing what those words meant, everyone quickly turned toward the person next to them, wondering if it was really an inside job.
Within those few minutes, all the researchers there became on edge.
Seeing that, Roxanne’s heart sank. However, she suppressed her anger and waited for Colby to continue. After this, he’s most probably going to expose the culprit. I’d like to see just who it was that had done something so heinous to the research institute! Colby cleared his throat once more as if he was giving the culprit the chance to come forward on his own.
He then began, “Yesterday afternoon—”
The moment he started talking, there was a sudden commotion among the employees.
Colby’s voice trailed away to nothing, and everyone turned to look in the direction of the commotion.
“It’s me.” A scrawny man came forward and stood in front of Roxanne with an apologetic expression.
Everyone was dumbfounded when they saw that.
“Jason?”
“How could that be? Why would Jason do such a thing? He has been working for the research institute for almost a decade. He has contributed so much...”
The employees murmured among themselves.
Likewise, Roxanne was in disbelief. Although | haven’t been in the research institute for a long time, | know all of them. The man before me is an experienced employee at the research institute. Besides, he always seemed like an honest man. He doesn’t even look like he’s capable of doing something like this. | can’t think of a reason for his action. 
###Chapter 909
Chapter 909
Chapter 909 Unknown Man
It took a while for Roxanne to think of a reason for Jason Coleman’s action. “Dr. Coleman, did you accidentally misplace some medicinal herbs and didn’t store them properly? Is that why the fire started?”
That was the only reason she could think of.
Surprisingly, Jason shook his head and subconsciously looked at the man standing next to Roxanne.
Colby looked somber when he met Jason’s gaze. “After you guys left yesterday afternoon, | was also getting ready to leave. However, | bumped into Jason. He told me he needed to fetch something from the research institute. | didn’t think so much about it, so | let him in. | only locked the door after he came out.”
In other words, Colby was telling everyone that he didn’t know what Jason was doing after he went inside.
Roxanne was still in shock, so she merely nodded absentmindedly.
Colby could tell she was still in shock. With a glimmer of darkness flashing across his eyes, he asked Jason on her behalf, “What did you do after you came in?”
Jason lowered his head guiltily and uttered apologetically, “I...”
He couldn't finish his sentence. It was as if he was utterly ashamed of his actions.
Awhile later, he uttered through his gritted teeth, “I’m so sorry, Dr. Jarvis.”
He had basically admitted his crime with that sentence.
Finally, Roxanne managed to calm herself down. She then clenched her fists and asked, “Why did you do it?”
At that point, what Jason did the day before didn’t matter to Roxanne anymore.
After all, the storage was filled with flammable substances. For a researcher who was an expert in chemicals, setting the storage ablaze was child’s play.
Therefore, she just wanted to know what drove Jason to do things that would destroy the research institute.
Jason heaved a sigh and answered, “I-| needed the money.”
Roxanne furrowed her brows when she heard that.
Jason sounded extremely helpless when he said, “My son is sick, so | need a lot of money. My salary for working at the research institute isn’t enough. So...”
Roxanne finally understood what was going on. Someone found out Jason’s son was sick, and that person offered him money to do such a thing.
At that thought, Roxanne clenched her fists even tighter. “Who is it? Who told you to do it?”
Everyone in the research institute knew Jason’s son was sick.
Outsiders, on the other hand, wouldn’t know unless they investigated Jason.
Roxanne was afraid that someone in the research institute was responsible for offering Jason the money.
Jason shook his head and whipped out his phone from his white coat. “I don’t know who, but that person sent me an email.”
As he was saying that, he tapped on his phone and showed the email to Roxanne.
Roxanne looked at the email and saw a few simple sentences. The sender told Jason to do it in exchange for a huge sum of money so that Jason could help his son get treatment.
Obviously, the sender told Jason to set fire to the storage room.
“You did it because you received this email?” Roxanne was so angry that her voice was trembling. “Dr. Coleman, you know me. If you need money for your son’s treatment, you can always come to me. I’m a mother, too. Did you think | would sit back and do nothing to help you? If necessary, | would even find the best doctor to treat your son. Why did you have to do something so foolish?” 
###Chapter 910
Chapter 910
Chapter 910 Crooked Ways
Jason was regretting what he did dearly.
In fact, he regretted it the moment he did it the day before. However, Colby had already locked the research institute up, so he couldn’t salvage the situation, even if he wanted to.
That morning, he made the effort to arrive at the research institute to see if there was anything he could do to fix it.
However, he was wrong when he thought he had arrived early enough. By the time he arrived at the entrance, the firefighters were already at the scene.
Jason couldn’t help but slap himself twice across the face when he recalled the burnt storage and what Roxanne had said. “This is my fault, Dr. Jarvis. I’m so stupid!” Utterly embarrassed, he asked, “Since I’ve come forward on my own, c-could you please let the matter slide? My son is still in the hospital...”
Roxanne dug her fingers into her palms to force herself to stay calm. “That’s not up to me, Dr. Coleman.”
“This matter is being investigated by the police. Jason, how could you be so foolish?” Colby chimed in.
Upon hearing that, Jason became flustered. “I was wrong! I'll return the money! Dr. Jarvis, for my son’s sake, please let it slide. | promise | won't commit the same mistake again!”
Roxanne stared at the person in front of her blankly and went silent. | have children, so | know how Jason feels. Having said that, it doesn’t mean | should forgive him.
“Tell me who told you to do it. | can write a memorandum of understanding on behalf of the research institute. As for your son, I'll also lend a hand,” Roxanne uttered indifferently.
Jason’s gaze dimmed when he heard that. In the end, he had no choice but to give in. “That’s all | know. As you can see, the sender sent the email without a name. | don’t know who sent it to me.”
Indeed, he took the risk solely because he was tempted by the money offered.
Roxanne frowned and took a photo of the sender’s email address. After that, she sent it to Benny to see if he could do something about it.
Meanwhile, the police arrived at the scene.
Jason turned himself in before the police even said anything. “It was me.”
Soon, the police put a pair of handcuffs on Jason and walked him to the police car.
With a complicated expression, Roxanne was watching Jason from behind.
“Dr. Jarvis, could you please help my son?” Before stepping into the police car, Jason suddenly turned around to look at Roxanne.
Roxanne sighed and agreed to it.
Seeing that, Jason cooperated with the police and stepped into the police car.
The people at the research institute were all feeling melancholic as they watched the police cars drive away.
Roxanne suppressed her disappointment and turned toward the crowd. “I don’t want something similar to happen again. Since you are all working with me, please come to me if you need anything. I'll help you guys the best | can. | don’t wish to see any of you sacrificing the research institute in return for personal benefits ever again.”
The crowd acknowledged her words and felt sympathetic toward Jason. There are so many reputable doctors in the research institute, but instead of looking for any one of them for help, Jason resorted to crooked ways.
With Jason gone, Roxanne assigned his ongoing work to the other researchers before walking back to her office tiredly. Concerned, Colby followed her from behind. “Dr. Jarvis.”
Roxanne only noticed there was someone behind her when she wanted to close the door. “Is there anything else?” she asked in confusion. Yesterday was a tough day for me, and | had just gone through something disastrous this morning. | really don’t have much energy left in me to deal with anything else. 
###Chapter 911
Chapter 911
Chapter 911 Try My Best
Colby’s face was full of concern when he answered, “Nothing much. It’s just that | thought you would be in a bad mood, considering what had happened.”
Roxanne froze for a few seconds before flashing a helpless smile. | trusted all my colleagues in the research institute, but | ended up getting stabbed in the back. Anyone would be as moody as me if they were in my shoes.
“Jason is an old-timer in the research institute. | also didn’t expect him to do something so foolish.”
Colby followed her into the office and uttered apologetically, “If | had known, | would’ve kept an eye on him yesterday.” Roxanne sat on her chair dejectedly and said, “It has nothing to do with you. If | were in your shoes, | wouldn’t have expected him to do something like that either.”
At that moment, all she wanted to know was the identity of the person who sent Jason the email.
As Colby was taking a seat opposite her, he was observing her expression silently. “I wonder what the mastermind’s motive is. Coincidentally, the storage room that Jason burned down stored Herbscape Group’s medicinal herbs.”
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat when she heard those words because she suddenly realized something.
“It's so weird. Who else would know about Jason's son apart from the people in the research institute? | can’t believe the mastermind ended up using that against Jason,” Colby continued.
He was hinting at the fact that someone had gone to great lengths to destroy Herbscape Group’s batch of medicinal herbs. Upon saying that, Colby stared intently at Roxanne’s face to see if he could glean some information out of her expression. Although Roxanne’s heart was racing, she acted calm and composed. “I’ve already told someone to investigate the email address, so | should hear back from that person soon. Let's talk about it afterward.”
Colby got nothing out of her expression, so he ended up frowning in annoyance.
Seeing that, Roxanne forced a smile and said, “Thank you for your concern, Dr. Galloway. I’m exhausted. I’ll need you to coordinate the research institute today.”
Colby nodded nonchalantly. “Okay.”
Roxanne thought Colby would leave her office after that, but he didn’t seem like he was leaving anytime soon.
Baffled, she asked, “Is something else the matter?”
Colby seemed troubled when he asked, “Now that Herbscape Group’s medicinal herbs are gone, how do you plan on salvaging the situation?”
Roxanne felt a headache coming when he mentioned those medicinal herbs. That’s one of the reasons why I’m so angry. That batch of medicinal herbs is very important for the project. Since it’s very rare in Chanaea, we had to take the risk and retrieve the medicinal herbs before Herbscape Group got sealed up. Yet, everything has turned to ashes. As for what to do next, I'll have to discuss it with Jack. Obviously, the research institute has to be responsible for losing the medicinal herbs in the fire. It seems like | owe Jack an apology.
Just when her temple was throbbing, Colby’s voice rang out once again.
“If you need help, | think | can figure something out to soften the blow.”
Roxanne suddenly came back to her senses when she heard that. “Do you know how to find those medicinal herbs?”
Colby nodded slightly. “I'll try my best.”
At that, Roxanne gave him a doubtful glance. “That batch of medicinal herbs is rare because we could barely find it on Chanaea’s supply channels. If it’s too tough of a task for you, just forget about it.”
Colby’s gaze dimmed when he saw Roxanne doubting his capability. “I’ve been in Horington for so many years, so | have some connections. Don’t worry about it.” 
###Chapter 912
Chapter 912
Chapter 912 Hidden
Only after hearing Colby’s response did Roxanne relax slightly.
“| see. I'll leave it to you, then. Feel free to come to me if you need anything,” she said.
Colby agreed.
Roxanne couldn't help adding emotionally, “If you can find those medicinal herbs again, you'll solve a huge problem for me.” Finally, Colby felt chirpy upon hearing Roxanne’s tone.
Ever since Roxanne went to the research institute, she had been solving all kinds of problems on her own.
She would only let him, the person in charge of the research institute, help her with trivial matters.
Therefore, Colby knew that despite her praises, she had always only regarded him as an ordinary researcher at the research institute.
After all, he was nothing compared to the men she had by her side.
This time around, he was rather surprised at the fact that it didn’t take much to trick Roxanne into holding him in high regard. No one would’ve expected him to do so much just to create a distance between Roxanne and other men. It'll be so much better if Roxanne would follow my hints and shift her suspicions toward Jack and Lucian.
Colby was elated when he imagined how Roxanne would drift away from those two men and toward himself because of what had happened.
“Don’t worry. Since an employee of the research institute is to blame for this mess, | have an obligation to help out wherever | can.”
Colby put his satisfaction aside and pretended to be merciful. “No matter what, Jason was still a senior employee at the research institute. Besides, he was doing it for his son. | hope you can show him some mercy, Dr. Jarvis.”
Roxanne felt slightly helpless when she answered, “I’m not even planning on doing anything harsh to him.”
Since no casualties were involved in the accident, Roxanne’s memorandum of understanding was enough to lighten Jason’s charges.
As for Jason’s son, she would also help with the treatment.
Colby smiled gratefully when he heard that. “That's good to know.”
They chatted for a while more before he stood up and excused himself.
Suddenly, Roxanne’s phone lit up.
She lowered her gaze and saw that it was a text from Benny.
Benny had looked into the email address, but he found nothing.
The email sender managed to stay hidden. The email address the person used was an email account without a domain. Since the perpetrator wouldn't use it again, it was impossible to find any information on it.
Therefore, even Benny couldn’t do anything about it.
Just like that, Roxanne’s heart sank once again.
Colby noticed the change in her mood, so he asked in a concerned tone, “What's the matter?”
Roxanne didn’t plan on hiding that information from him, so she answered truthfully, “I've received the outcome of the investigation on the email address.”
Colby narrowed his eyes upon hearing that. “What did you find? Who told Jason to do so?”
Roxanne shook her head dejectedly. “I’ve got nothing.”
Colby discreetly breathed a sigh of relief before putting on an angry expression.
“The mastermind is so well-hidden, and he’s definitely targeting Herbscape Group! Who is capable of doing this?”
Roxanne was feeling troubled. There aren’t many people who can do so much damage to Herbscape Group and stay hidden from Benny’s investigation. Coincidentally, | know someone who's that capable and has the reasons to do so. That person is none other than Lucian. 
###Chapter 913
Chapter 913
Chapter 913 A Hot Potato
Feeling that he had given out enough hints, Colby said nothing else and stood up to leave.
Roxanne’s face fell as she watched the office door slowly close.
The only one she could think of was Lucian.
If it really is him... | wonder what the hell was he actually thinking...
The kiss last night was still fresh in her mind.
If things are as Jack thought, did he do this because of me?
At that moment, panic swamped her.
Meanwhile, Herbscape Group was in chaos.
After getting investigated by the two departments, all the mess Herbscape Group had in the past was exposed to the public.
Dean was facing a lawsuit, and he was panicking to the point his mind was going blank.
Left without a choice, he steeled himself and contacted Jack.
He reckoned Damaris Group would not sit on their hands and watch as Herbscape Group collapsed after how the latter had provided Damaris Group that many medicinal herbs and how much money Damaris Group had invested in Herbscape Group. However, after a few tries, it became clear that Jack did not wish to pick up the call.
Dean’s heart sank, but he still held onto hope and called Jack’s assistant.
Unlike Jack, the assistant picked up the call quickly.
“It's me, Herbscape Group’s chairman—”
Before Dean could finish his sentence, the assistant cut him off.
“I'm sorry, but Mr. Damaris is currently busy. Once he is done with his work, I'll convey to him that you’ve called.”
With that said, the assistant ended the call immediately.
Dean’s face turned ghostly pale as he listened to the engaged tone coming out of the speakers.
They were both businessmen, and by then, he understood what Jack was telling him with his actions.
In other words, Damaris Group was abandoning them.
“What are we going to do, Mr. Lacroix?” The executives of the company were crowding around Dean, their faces ashen as if they had seen a ghost.
Dean was already frustrated, and their voices only made him even more irked.
“What can we do? Tell me, what can we do? Am | the only one with a brain here? At most, we'll all be in jail together!”
These people are all haughty and suave at most times, but now, at a crucial moment, the only words coming out of their mouths are “What can we do!”
Livid, Dean slammed his phone on the table and snapped, “What a useless bunch of people!”
The executives were already terrified at the prospect of imprisonment, and now, they were witnessing Dean’s wrath. None dared to make a sound after that.
After ending the call, the assistant lifted his head to look at Jack.
“What did he say?”
Jack had been in his office in Damaris Group the entire time, and he had overheard his assistant’s call with Dean.
After all, he was the one who instructed his assistant to pick up Dean’s call.
The people at Herbscape Group had been forced to the edge of the cliff, and Jack would like to see if they could come up with any good plans to deal with their crisis.
However, the assistant shook his head and said, “As you said, he’s here to ask for help from you.”
Hearing that, Jack mocked, “What a loser.”
It's a miracle he even climbed all the way to that position. He’s already at death’s door, but he’s still thinking of relying on someone else. | guess it’s only natural for Herbscape Group to end up in this way with a chairman like him.
“What do you think we should do with Herbscape Group?” Jack asked his assistant.
His assistant furrowed his brows momentarily. “Keeping Herbscape Group here after the trouble they’ve caused will be the same as holding onto a hot potato.”
Jack nodded in agreement and gestured for him to continue. 
###Chapter 914
Chapter 914
Chapter 914 A Sitting Duck
When the assistant thought about how Jack had invested twelve billion in Herbscape Group, he found himself unable to continue speaking.
Despite everything, twelve billion was a hefty sum.
Even if Herbscape Group was a hot potato, keeping it around meant that they would be able to see where the twelve billion was going.
If they threw the hot potato away, it would mean throwing the twelve billion into the gutters.
“Do tell me how you're planning to deal with this,” Jack urged with a frown.
Jack’s voice snapped the assistant back to his senses, and he had no choice but to steel himself and continue.
“If we keep Herbscape Group around, I’m afraid it'll affect Damaris Group's reputation, so...”
Jack arched a brow.
The assistant squeezed out, “So, the best way to deal with this is to cut ties with Herbscape Group as quickly as we can.”
It's even better if we do it before the news of Herbscape Group’s executives landing in jail spreads.
That was what Jack thought as well, though his heart ached a little at the lost money.
Nevertheless, having heard that someone was of the same opinion as he helped him make up his mind.
“We'll do as you say, then.” Jack waved a hand. “Didn’t Farwell Group always want it? Do ask them if they still want it now.”
It was a pointless question, for everything so far was obviously done by Farwell Group. Without a doubt, Farwell Group would want Herbscape Group.
However, the amount of the acquisition was another matter.
Jack’s heart ached again, but he felt it was better to get a little bit of his investment back than to keep Herbscape Group around. After all, not only would Herbscape Group not rake in any profits for him, but it might even bring more trouble to him.
“Mr. Damaris, are we really selling it to Farwell Group?” the assistant hesitantly uttered. “Won't we be doing exactly what Farwell Group wants us to do?”
Jack knitted his brows and said in dismay, “Well, what company other than Farwell Group would be willing to buy Herbscape Group now?”
Even if they wanted to, they wouldn’t dare to.
The assistant nodded fervently and replied, “I'll work on it right away.”
With that, he turned and went out of the office.
The moment the door closed, Jack swept all the documents on the table to the ground, wearing a scowl.
Meanwhile, Herbscape Group had the same idea.
Damaris Group was no longer going to lend them a helping hand, so they had no choice but to beg for help from Farwell Group. Unlike Jack, Lucian picked up the call the moment Dean dialed his number.
“It's been a while, Mr. Lacroix. What can | help you with?” came Lucian’s deep, mocking voice.
Dean shuddered involuntarily. “M-Mr. Farwell, you’re a magnanimous man. | was ignorant to have ruined the contract previously. Please don't take it to heart.”
Lucian barked out a laugh of disdain, and Dean’s heart sank even lower.
“Mr. Lacroix, you’re coming to me to clean up after your mess because you realized Damaris Group can’t save you, right?” Lucian questioned.
Dean laughed dryly. “Mr. Farwell, please don’t rub salt into my wound.”
Not wanting to waste any more breath on him, Lucian said, “Contact Mr. Queen about the acquisition. However, | hope you know well what the limits are.”
Dean quickly agreed to it.
After ending the call, a furious look crept onto his face.
He knew that they were nothing but sitting ducks at this point.
Lucian meant to warn him about the price of the acquisition.
He was warning Dean not to bargain.
If only | knew what was going to happen. | wouldn’t have let Herbscape Group choose Damaris Group back then.
Dean felt only remorse as he looked at the dialing screen. 
###Chapter 915
Chapter 915
Chapter 915 Generous Man
Jonathan soon accepted a call from Dean.
As Lucian had already discussed with Dean about the acquisition, Jonathan easily bargained with the latter until he agreed to sell the company for a third of the original price.
Dean could only mourn the loss silently.
He knew that Farwell Group and Queen Group would take the opportunity to fetch a low price, but he never thought it would be this low.
Nevertheless, he had no choice but to swallow his misery and submit to fate.
After the negotiation of the price, Dean contacted Jack and informed him about the acquisition.
Although the price was far lower than he preferred, Jack knew that he was in no position to negotiate for a higher price. Thus, he made no comments about it and waited to perform the equity transfer after the investigation.
Two days later, the investigation on Herbscape Group ended.
The executives of Herbscape Group were all arrested, and a case was established.
Jonathan arrived early to wait for the equity transfer.
As a business partner, Lucian was there as well.
By the time Lucian arrived, most of the executives were already escorted into the police cars. Dean was the only one left, signing the papers with a trembling hand.
When Jonathan saw Lucian, he walked over gleefully while waving the documents in his hand.
“It's a success!”
Lucian inclined his head in response. “How much is the price?”
He had left Herbscape Group in Jonathan's hands and had not concerned himself with the matter the entire time.
The merry expression Jonathan had on his face at that moment made Lucian sure that the former had to have bought Herbscape Group for a low price.
“A third of the original,” Jonathan replied before chuckling.
He then turned to look at the gloomy Dean and said, “He only has himself to blame for being so blind previously. This is just his lesson.”
Though, it was a harsh lesson.
However, it was not as if Jonathan had a hint of remorse in him.
Lucian bobbed his head in response. That amount was similar to his expectations.
“Mr. Farwell...” Dean squeezed out as he came over to Lucian.
All Lucian did was briefly glance at him in silence.
Dean forced himself to continue, “Thank you for having mercy on me. From now on, Herbscape Group will listen to every one of your orders. We'll never go against anything you say!”
With that, he carefully studied Lucian’s expression.
Lucian remained unfazed; he only gave a quick glance at the police cars driving off.
If Dean had not been the one most familiar with Herbscape Group, he would have been in the police car as well.
When Dean looked in the direction Lucian was looking, he shuddered again and hastily clamped his mouth shut. He was afraid that Lucian would regret his decision if he were to say another word.
Fortunately, Lucian ignored him. Once they were done with the procedures, he went away with Jonathan.
“Tsk, Jack even spent so much money on Herbscape Group. What a generous man,” Jonathan remarked with a sigh when he saw the twelve billion in Herbscape Group's financial statement.
Lucian peeked at it before grinning in ridicule.
It was clear that Jack had wanted to save Herbscape Group, but alas, his efforts were for naught.
The money he had poured into the company had gone to waste.
“Well, he had this coming,” Jonathan mocked. “How dare he try to steal that person from us? He should have taken a good look in the mirror at himself.”
Right as those words were out of his mouth, he deliberately let his gaze drift to Lucian.
Both knew who Jonathan was talking about.
The mention of that woman made Lucian’s eyes darken. 
###Chapter 916
Chapter 916
Chapter 916 Crisis
Jonathan cleared his throat at Lucian’s lack of response.
“| heard a fire broke out in Dr. Jarvis’ research institute two days ago.”
Hearing that, Lucian snapped his brows together.
Jonathan was satisfied to see his response. “What's the matter? Did you not know about this?” Lucian nodded, his expression somber.
He had not seen Roxanne since the kiss the other night.
Therefore, he knew nothing of what happened to her.
Although Estella would try to get news about Roxanne from Archie and Benny before telling her father what she learned, Lucian knew that Roxanne would not let the boys know that she had been in danger.
Jonathan fell silent when he saw his friend’s grim expression, and he waited for Lucian to speak instead. “Was the fire a bad one? Was she hurt?” Lucian could not help but ask.
Jonathan lifted a brow. “Won't you know if you go and take a look at her?”
At that, Lucian’s expression turned dark again.
Jonathan was bewildered by that.
What does this mean? Did they have a fight again? If my memory serves me right, Lucian just asked me how he should create a romantic scene the other day. Moreover, we're doing this to Herbscape Group because of Roxanne. Why did his attitude toward her change again?
“Ahem.” Jonathan cleared his throat tentatively. “You and Dr. Jarvis...” Before he was done with his sentence, the man beside him cut him off. “Nothing happened.”
Jonathan's breath hitched, and he choked on his own saliva. Only after a long while of coughing did he finally recover enough to stare at Lucian with pursed lips.
| haven't even said anything. Why is he in such a rush to explain to me? There’s no way nothing happened!
With that, Jonathan moved closer to Lucian and asked, “Be honest with me. Did you have a fight with Dr. Jarvis again?” Lucian’s already dark expression turned even darker.
Rather than a fight, he was sure that Roxanne was trying to make him mad.
Knowing his friend’s character, Jonathan sighed in resignation. “I told you so many times that you have to give in to Dr. Jarvis once in a while. Moreover, you were in the wrong.”
That made Lucian’s frown deepens, but the irritation in his eyes dissipated a little.
Jonathan continued, “If you really had a fight with her, this would be a good opportunity.” Lucian lifted his brow. “What do you mean?”
“| don’t know whether or not Dr. Jarvis was hurt in the fire, but | know that the fire at the research institute burned the medicinal herbs they had gotten from Herbscape Group,” Jonathan explained slowly. “This batch of medicinal herbs is hard to get, and reobtaining it would be a chore for Dr. Jarvis. That being said, we now have Herbscape Group and their medicinal herbs.”
In other words, the resources they now had would be able to resolve Roxanne’s crisis. Lucian lowered his gaze.
Unhappy to see that response, Jonathan patted Lucian’s shoulder and said, “Aren’t you courting Dr. Jarvis? This is a good chance.”
After all, no woman would be able to resist someone who lends her a helping hand when she was in trouble. Furthermore, it was not as if Lucian had not done anything to court her previously.
At the very least, the herbs they had would be able to resolve the current conflict between Roxanne and Lucian. 
###Chapter 917
Chapter 917
Chapter 917 Helpless Lucian remained quiet while wearing a poker face. Taking in Lucian’s reaction, Jonathan sighed in exasperation.
“Weren't you thinking about doing something romantic? What else is more romantic than providing help to her when she needs it most?”
Lucian narrowed his eyes indifferently. “That's not needed.” I'll do those romantic things in the future. | won’t help her this time because she brought this upon herself. This mess wouldn’t have happened if she had come here to keep Essie company instead of tagging along with Jack to handle those medicinal herbs that day.
He took his anger wholly out on her for the occurrence of the fire incident. Jonathan was clueless about everything that took place during those two days, so he was baffled when Lucian rejected his suggestion.
Lucian didn’t elaborate, either. He simply looked away, showing no inclination to speak further.
Amoment later, Jonathan couldn't help but ask him, “Lucian, what is the relationship you hope to establish with Dr. Jarvis?” The way he saw it, Lucian didn’t strike him as someone who was trying to chase after Roxanne.
Lucian knitted his brows in silence.
“Let me ask the question in a different way.” Jonathan smiled tactfully. “Do you still plan on pursuing Dr. Jarvis?”
This time, Lucian glanced at him impassively.
Jonathan understood Lucian’s personality well, so from the latter’s response, he knew Lucian had tacitly agreed that he was still interested in her. Perceiving that, Jonathan let out a sigh of relief inwardly.
He was under the assumption that Lucian and Roxanne had, unbeknownst to him, gone through too many arguments, prompting Lucian to have a change of heart.
It's fine as long as he’s still planning to win her affection. In my opinion, Dr. Jarvis is undoubtedly the most suitable person to be with Lucian. After all, it is very rare for Lucian to take the initiative to express his will to chase after a girl, not to mention the woman is also Essie’s biological mother. It will be wonderful if they get together.
At that thought, Jonathan was convinced that he should try harder to assist them in becoming an official couple.
He cleared his throat and said, “In this case, you should show Dr. Jarvis more care. This relationship won't work if you constantly fight with her.”
Lucian shot Jonathan a displeased look and spoke up before he could stop himself. “Are you saying I’m the cause of these arguments?”
Jonathan was stumped after hearing that. | don’t know the reason behind their disagreement, much less who is to blame, but...
He advised Lucian, “No matter who brings about the fight, you must be more tolerant since you want to pursue Dr. Jarvis. All women behave in this way. Regardless of who is at fault, they will always hope for the guys to yield first. Besides, previously, you...”
Jonathan stopped talking at that point and regarded Lucian with a meaningful look, hinting at the latter to understand what he was implying.
Meeting Jonathan's gaze, Lucian frowned.
Needless to say, Jonathan was once again reminding him of the incident six years ago.
Lucian didn’t answer immediately, nor did Jonathan utter any more words as he waited for Lucian to digest the message he was trying to convey.
After a while, Lucian’s voice rang inside the car. “I got it.”
Jonathan immediately heaved a sigh of relief. “I’m glad that you understand. Don’t blame me for talking at length. | have Essie’s best interest at heart. If possible, any child would wish for their mother to stay by their side.”
At the mention of Estella, Lucian’s gaze darkened.
He had to admit Jonathan was absolutely right because the little girl had demonstrated her yearning to be with Roxanne more exaggeratedly than Jonathan had described.
Lucian felt helpless when reminded of how desperately Estella wished him to win Roxanne’s affection. 
###Chapter 918
Chapter 918
Chapter 918 Let The Matter Drop
That night, Lucian went to the kindergarten to pick Estella up. It was already late by the time he arrived, so Estella was the only kid left at the kindergarten.
“Daddy,” Estella greeted him aggrievedly after noticing his arrival. He patted her head apologetically. “I’m sorry that I’m late.” Then, he looked up and nodded at Pippa.
Pippa had waited with Estella the whole night. Now that Lucian had finally shown up, she could rest assured and let him take the little girl home.
After bringing Estella into the car, Lucian sat idly for some time instead of starting the vehicle. Estella urged him in puzzlement, “Daddy?” Her voice pulled him back to reality.
He glanced at the little girl through the rearview mirror and saw a bewildered expression spread across her face. “Have you seen Ms. Jarvis in the past few days?” he asked. Estella became crestfallen upon listening to his question and shook her head dejectedly.
However, she quickly turned delighted. “Archie and Benny said I'll be able to meet with Ms. Jarvis tomorrow during the camping trip!”
If it weren’t because of the fact that she had been looking forward to the weekend camping trip, Estella would've been utterly depressed in the past few days.
She wondered if Roxanne was getting busy with work again because she hadn’t seen the latter for so many days.
Lucian nodded and piped up, “What do you say if | bring you to meet with Ms. Jarvis?”
Estella’s eyes lit up at once. “Really?”
Taking in her expression, he gradually realized what he had just said and couldn't help but regret his impulsive suggestion. After all, he was still mad at Roxanne.
Still, Jonathan’s advice in the morning lingered in his mind the whole time.
| didn’t know anything about this significant incident where her research institute caught fire. | wonder if she’s injured.
Not noticing the unusual expression on Lucian’s face, Estella urged her father in glee, “Let’s hurry up and go!”
Seeing how excited she was, he knew better than to go back on his words. In the end, he started the car engine and drove toward Roxanne’s house.
When Roxanne returned home, Lysa had brought Archie and Benny back and was preparing dinner in the kitchen. “Mommy!”
The kids welcomed her home concernedly when they saw her return.
She beamed at them in exhaustion.
The fire at her research institute had caused her a series of trouble.
She had been staying at the research institute for the past few days to deal with the mess.
Benny sensed his mother’s gloomy appearance lately and couldn't help but ask, “Mommy, did something happen?” Roxanne patted his head and comforted him, “It’s nothing. I’m just a little busier with work in the past two days.” She had yet to inform them about the fire at her research institute to prevent worrying them.
Benny eyed her curiously and probed further in an adorable voice. “Is it something to do with the email address you asked me to investigate two days ago?”
Hearing that, Roxanne furrowed her brows slightly. She didn’t expect her son to be so perceptive.
The boy knew he had guessed correctly, judging by the changes in his mother’s countenance.
“I'm hungry. Let’s eat.” Roxanne hurriedly switched the topic of conversation before her sons could press the matter further. Meanwhile, Lysa had served dinner and called them to have their meal.
Archie and Benny knew Roxanne wouldn’t divulge any more information to them even if they questioned her, so they let the matter drop.
Realizing their decision not to pursue the matter, Roxanne heaved a sighed of relief and led her kids to the dining area. 
###Chapter 919
Chapter 919
Chapter 919 Injured In The Fire The four were having dinner when the doorbell suddenly rang. Lysa went to answer the door.
“Hello, Ms. Lane!” a child greeted politely at the mansion’s door. Then, Lysa was heard saying, “Ms. Jarvis, Mr. Farwell and Essie are here.”
Hearing that, Roxanne’s hand froze in mid-air. She was at a loss for words at that moment.
Ever since what happened the other night, she and Lucian had never seen each other. She had no idea why he would come to her place out of the blue.
She also did not know how to face him. Just when she was hesitating to invite him and Estella inside, Archie and Benny were already welcoming them excitedly.
“Essie, come on in. Have you eaten dinner? If not, you can join us!” Naturally, Estella did not decline their invitation. Soon, she followed Archie and Benny into the dining room.
The adults, Lucian and Roxanne, remained silent throughout the process. The kids were the ones making the decision instead. “Ms. Jarvis!” Upon seeing Roxanne, Estella immediately snuggled up to her.
Archie and Benny were used to that and quickly emptied the seat next to Roxanne. Estella smiled sweetly at Archie and Benny before taking her seat next to Roxanne.
“Mr. Farwell, come and join us!” Benny looked at the man standing in the living room.
Hearing that, Roxanne tensed up a little and felt somewhat uneasy. If Lucian were to sit across from her, she was worried she could not eat dinner in peace.
Then, she heard Lucian’s low voice ring out from behind her, saying, “It’s okay. You guys go ahead with Essie.” With that, Lucian glanced at Roxanne’s back with his dark gaze before sitting on the couch expressionlessly. Even though he wasn’t standing before her, Roxanne still slowed down eating visibly, and her mind was a mess.
Earlier that afternoon, Herbscape Group once again received enormous backlash from the public. In the news report, the mostly deserted entrance to Herbscape Group was filled with several executives who had their hands handcuffed before they were escorted to the police cars.
It was not until that day that the public finally got confirmation about Herbscape Group's fate. It ended up being acquired by Farwell Group.
Roxanne did not have to think twice to know Farwell Group must have saved a lot of money to acquire Herbscape Group in such a situation.
Did Lucian plan all of these? Also, what about the fire at the research institute? With that in her mind, Roxanne could not help feeling frightened.
“Ms. Jarvis, here, have some.” Estella placed some food on Roxanne'’s plate.
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and forced a smile at her. “Thank you, Essie.” Estella looked at her with great concern. “Ms. Jarvis, are you not in a good mood?”
In the past, Roxanne would always take good care of them whenever they ate together. However, the woman seemed absent- minded this time and could barely take any food for herself.
Hearing that, something flickered in Roxanne’s eyes, but she quickly concealed that and said, “Of course not. I’ve been busy lately, so I'm feeling a little tired. Essie, you don’t have to worry about me.”
Despite that, Estella still stared at her with a worried expression and would occasionally place food on her plate. At the same time, when Lucian heard what Roxanne said, he also fixed his gaze on her back inquisitively. He was reminded of what Jonathan told him.
Is she really tired, or is she injured in the fire? 
###Chapter 920
Chapter 920
Chapter 920 Not That Simple
Roxanne could feel Lucian’s heavy gaze on her back. Although her back was facing him, she still could not ignore the fact he was staring at her. Due to Lucian’s presence, she was no longer in the mood to eat anything.
“You kids go ahead. | have something to discuss with Mr. Farwell,” said Roxanne softly after taking several quick bites and placing away her cutleries.
She could not stand having Lucian staring at her all the time, and she wanted to know why he came to her place. The kids did not think too much about that and nodded obediently in response.
Seeing that the kids had agreed to let her go, Roxanne stood up and walked over to Lucian. “Let’s talk in the study.” Lucian nodded casually and stood up, following her to the study.
“Mr. Farwell, to what do | owe this pleasure of having you over at my place? Do you have something important to tell me?” Roxanne stood in the center of the study, looking at him warily. “If you’re here to offer me the technical advisor’s position for Herbscape Group again, I’m afraid I'll have to let you down since I’ve already made it clear that | couldn’t accept that offer.”
That was the only thing that she could think of at that moment.
Noticing Roxanne was on high alert around him, Lucian’s gaze darkened imperceptibly.
The atmosphere inside the study also became slightly solemn.
Roxanne fixed her eyes on Lucian, afraid that he would make any sudden move on her again like the other night.
After a long moment, Lucian was still staring at her, scrutinizing her from head to toe as if he wanted to read through her mind. Roxanne’s wariness for him slowly turned into confusion.
“| heard a fire broke out at your research institute a few days ago.” Finally, Lucian broke the silence in the study.
At the mention of the fire incident, Roxanne’s expression changed again. She frowned. “How did you find out about the fire?” She did not recall telling anyone associated with Lucian about the fire.
Could it be that Lucian did plan for the fire to happen?
With that in her mind, she subconsciously took two steps backward. The man standing before her had somehow turned a little scary in her eyes.
Noticing her reaction, Lucian furrowed his brows. “Are you suspecting that | was behind the fire incident?”
Roxanne pursed her lips tight, answering him with silence.
Lucian seemed pissed off by her tacit acquiescence. “Why would | make a move on your tiny research institute?”
He noticed she was still giving him a doubtful look, so he narrowed his eyes and continued, “If | was behind this, | wouldn’t have stopped at a mere fire incident in your research institute!”
He had plenty of methods to stop her research institute from operating if he was serious about teaching her a lesson. A fire was too insignificant.
Hearing that, Roxanne felt her heart skipping a beat. She was reminded of Herbscape Group’s current situation. She knew Lucian was telling her the truth. If he were determined to get rid of her research institute, he would not stop at such a simple tactic.
Thinking of that, her doubts for him finally dispersed a little. “I’m sorry. | didn’t think this through and thought you have implicated our research institute for your feud with Herbscape Group.”
Hearing her straightforward apology, Lucian frowned even harder. He had listened to Jonathan and came to her place to help her when she needed it most, yet she suspected him in return. Lucian was fuming, but her apology forced him to swallow back his anger, making him feel like he had nowhere to vent it out.
For a moment there, his expression became inscrutable. 
###Chapter 921
Chapter 921
Chapter 921 An Apology
Upon sensing Lucian’s anger, Roxanne blinked and avoided his gaze guiltily. “If it isn’t because of this matter, then what else are you here for, Mr. Farwell?” she asked.
Lucian glanced at her gloomily. He only visited her as per Jonathan’s suggestion—to provide help during a crisis.
However, her icy attitude toward him made him unwilling to tell her the truth. The study was filled with dreadful silence immediately. Roxanne’s heart became heavier.
After a while, she could no longer bear the deafening silence. She lowered her gaze and said, “If there’s nothing else, let’s head out. The kids have been waiting for a long while.”
Having said that, Roxanne walked around Lucian to leave. Shortly after taking a step, however, her wrist was grabbed by the man’s large hand.
Roxanne had no choice but to stop and frown at Lucian. What is wrong with him? He won't tell me what’s the matter, and he won't let me leave as well. What does he want?
Roxanne really didn’t know what he was thinking about, so she swung her arm impatiently in an attempt to free herself from his grip.
“According to my intel, the fire that happened at the research institute destroyed the medicinal herbs you took from Herbscape Group,” Lucian said in a deep voice after spending a long while regulating his fury.
Hearing that, Roxanne stopped struggling as the suspicion in her heart rose again.
How can he be so clear about what had happened if it wasn’t his doing? However, since he has explained his side of the story, | can’t openly express my doubts.
Roxanne lowered her gaze to hide her thoughts and asked faintly, “So what if that’s true? What does it have to do with you, Mr. Farwell?”
A thought occurred to her as she spoke, and she raised her head to glance at the man. “Are you trying to help Herbscape Group get the batch of medicinal herbs back?”
Although she wasn’t sure why he would do that, it seemed like something he would do. As soon as she was done speaking, she felt the temperature in the study drop instantly. Roxanne’s heart sank to rock bottom as she thought she had guessed Lucian’s intention.
Yet, Lucian merely stared at her expressionlessly while various complex emotions filled his eyes. His grip on her wrist tightened and loosened occasionally.
He didn’t know what he did to make the woman feel so paranoid when dealing with him.
Within their few minutes of interaction, she had already expressed her suspicions toward him many times.
It took Lucian all his willpower to control his strength and stop himself from breaking her wrist out of anger. Feeling the increased pressure on her wrist, Roxanne lowered her head and looked at it.
She wondered if it was just her imagination, but she felt like he was going to break her wrist in the next second. This further affirmed her suspicion of Lucian’s intention.
“Mr. Farwell, if you're just here to talk about this matter, then all | can do is apologize.” Although Roxanne apologized to Lucian, she didn’t express any fear. “Those medicinal herbs were already burned to ashes. There’s nothing | can do about it even if you want them back. If you really want them back, | can ask someone to gather those ashes from the storage room. That way, you might still be able to extract some medicinal herbs from those ashes.”
Her sarcastic remarks had Lucian furrowing his brows and tightening his grip uncontrollably. 
###Chapter 922
Chapter 922
Chapter 922 This Is Who You Always Are
As Roxanne felt the pain in her wrist, she inhaled sharply and lifted her eyes to stare at Lucian warily. The latter’s expression was so dark that it was frightening.
After a long while, he inched toward her abruptly. She wanted to back away. Yet, he was gripping her wrist, which made it hard for her to move.
For a moment, the distance between them was so close they could almost feel each other’s breath. Subconsciously, Roxanne slowed down her breathing and clenched her fists that were hanging by her sides. She felt Lucian’s intense gaze on her as he stared at every inch of her body while tightening his grip on her wrist. Just when she thought he was going to do something to her, he let go of her wrist unexpectedly.
Roxanne was taken aback by his action.
“Herbscape Group still has some stock in another city for those medicinal herbs. | can get someone to send them to you as soon as possible if you need them.” Lucian spoke in a deep and awkward tone.
Indeed, he almost lost control when Roxanne ignited his rage.
However, he recalled his purpose of coming over and also Jonathan’s words this morning. Hence, he resisted acting impulsively. Doubts filled Roxanne’s eyes when she heard his statement, for what he said didn’t match his attitude at all.
Yet, after staring at him for a long while, she noticed nothing odd in his expression at all.
Therefore, she had no choice but to believe him. She replied coldly, “Thank you, Mr. Farwell. But we don’t need it.”
In truth, they really needed the medicinal herbs. But Colby had told her that he would figure it out.
Besides, Roxanne had no reason to accept Lucian’s inexplicable act of kindness.
The atmosphere around Lucian immediately became gloomy when he heard her rejection.
Without hesitation, Roxanne pulled herself away from him before he could reach out to her and increased the distance between them.
“| don’t know why you want to help the research institute so suddenly. But, considering your business strategies, | think it's best if we avoid getting involved with you.”
With that, Roxanne raised her head and looked at Lucian as if she was insinuating something. “After all, | can’t be certain about the method you'll use to deal with us if something bad happens during our collaboration.”
She was referring to Lucian’s retort against her words earlier.
If Lucian really wanted to take action against the research institute, it wouldn't be as simple as starting a fire. Lucian’s expression darkened when he caught the meaning behind her words. “What kind of person do you think | am?” Roxanne avoided his gaze and responded nonchalantly, “I’m not thinking anything. This is who you always were.”
Herbscape Group was a huge pharmaceutical company. Yet, it was destroyed within days after Farwell Group took action against it.
Lucian’s business strategies were truly horrifying. Moreover, Roxanne was just working in a small research institute. There was no way she would risk the research institute just to go against Lucian.
Lucian narrowed his eyes dangerously. “Herbscape Group backed out on the contract first, and they play an important role in my project. What's the issue with me using my way to get my project back on track? As for your tiny research institute, is there even a worthy reason for me to take action against it?”
Roxanne remained unfazed. “Maybe there isn’t any reason right now, but we can never guarantee what will happen in the future.”
Besides, she hadn’t found out who was the mastermind behind the fire that happened at the research institute. Thus, she couldn’t put her trust in Lucian so soon. 
###Chapter 923
Chapter 923
Chapter 923 Pick Me Up
Lucian stared at Roxanne with a grim expression. Even if she did not say it out explicitly, he could tell that she was still being suspicious of him.
Realizing that, Lucian’s expression darkened terribly, while the tone of his voice became colder. “Since you are refusing my offer, Ms. Jarvis, | won’t insist upon it anymore.”
With that, he turned around and left the study. As she watched his retreating figure, Roxanne’s eyes glinted with an unfathomable emotion. Confusion filled her heart at that moment.
Lucian’s words still left her wondering why he had decided to come all the way to see her in the first place. She wouldn't believe his claim that he was merely here to provide the medicinal herbs.
However, Lucian did not mention anything else besides that.
Roxanne mulled over it in the study alone, but she could not find an answer to her doubts.
After quite some time, she finally decided to leave the room.
Meanwhile, the children had finished their dinner and were playing in the living room.
“Ms. Jarvis!”
When Estella noticed Roxanne coming out, she came to her side and clung to the latter’s leg, acting coyly.
Roxanne was taken aback by Estella’s action. It was surprising for her to see the little girl still there, which meant Lucian hadn’t left the house yet.
At that thought, she glanced around the living room.
Sure enough, she noticed him sitting on the couch.
He didn’t even bother looking up at her as if he had never heard anything at all.
Frowning slightly, Roxanne lowered her gaze toward Estella as she forced a smile at the little girl while caressing her hair. Sensing something was amiss, Estella stared at Roxanne’s face incessantly with her bright, doe-like eyes.
Roxanne knew the children were sensitive toward her emotions. In an attempt to avoid their sight, she turned her head, but it was already too late.
“Are you in a bad mood, Ms. Jarvis?” Estella asked, tugging at Roxanne’s dress cautiously.
Upon hearing those words, Archie and Benny came over and stared at their mother.
Seeing the three children staring at her made Roxanne feel a little embarrassed.
As she recalled the conversation between Lucian and her, she felt her current emotion was all his fault.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne could not help but glance at the man who was sitting on the couch.
Lucian’s dark eyes met her gaze instantly, much to her surprise.
As their gazes met, Roxanne somehow felt a sense of guilt within her. She then retracted her gaze nonchalantly. Furrowing his brows, Lucian got up and said, “It’s getting late. We should go home now.”
Upon hearing Lucian’s words, Estella tightened her grip on Roxanne’s dress and looked at her father hesitantly. “B-But...”
It looks like Ms. Jarvis is in a foul mood. | just want to comfort her. However, Lucian was unfazed by Estella’s reaction, merely looking at them emotionlessly.
Roxanne glanced at the man, who was standing not far away from them, before turning her attention back to Estella again. Unable to bear hurting the little girl, she ruffled Estella’s hair.
“Be a good girl, Essie. Go home with your Daddy and get some rest. Archie, Benny, and | will come to pick you up tomorrow.” The thought of going camping tomorrow with them made Estella feel slightly better.
Suddenly, she thought of something and quickly glanced at Lucian, who still remained expressionless. However, he did not mention anything about the camping trip.
When Estella saw her father hadn't refused the trip tomorrow, she breathed a sigh of relief. She then let go of Roxanne’s dress hem reluctantly.
| thought Daddy and Ms. Jarvis had a fight again, and he won't allow me to join her camping trip! “Ms. Jarvis, you'll come pick me up early tomorrow, right? Before leaving, Estella reminded Roxanne once again.
Roxanne smiled as she nodded at Estella. 
###Chapter 924
Chapter 924
Chapter 924 Preparations
Roxanne led Archie and Benny back into the living room after watching Lucian’s car leave. Both boys looked at Roxanne with concerned expressions on their faces.
Mommy has been in a bad mood for the past few days. She was in an even fouler mood right after she came out of the study. I’m curious about what Daddy said to Mommy just now.
Benny had never been good at hiding his emotions, so he immediately asked, “Mommy, what did you say to Mr. Farwell?” Upon hearing his question, Roxanne’s eyes darkened as she lowered her gaze toward him.
Both Archie and Benny merely stared at her, as if they were hinting at the fact that she couldn't fool them.
As she met their gazes, Roxanne could only sigh helplessly and replied evasively, “We talked about some work stuff.” However, Benny continued to probe relentlessly, “But you seemed really upset, Mommy.”
In the past, they had never seen Roxanne acting like that because of work-related matters.
It was as if she was being cautious of something.
Archie and Benny exchanged glances, their eyes filled with confusion.
What did Daddy actually do to make Mommy so wary of him?
Roxanne knew her explanation wouldn't fool those two, so she could only explain the matter to them briefly, “Mr. Farwell wanted to work with me, but | refused his offer.”
Both boys still didn’t get the answer they wanted to hear. Instead, they furrowed their brows and wanted to probe further.
However, Roxanne wasn’t keen on explaining further. She simply added, “It’s inevitable to have conflicts regarding work-related matters. This is perfectly normal. You don’t have to worry too much.”
It sounded like the same thing Lucian had told Estella.
Even if they didn’t believe her words, both Archie and Benny had to admit that what Roxanne said was the truth. Nevertheless, the boys had no idea whether it was simply work-related or not.
Knowing their mother was unwilling to say anything further, Archie and Benny kept quiet obediently.
Roxanne patted their heads and changed the topic immediately. “We're going camping tomorrow, but we haven't prepared much yet. Let’s hurry up and get ready for our trip tomorrow, okay?”
Fortunately, the mention of their camping trip immediately diverted Archie and Benny's attention.
They hadn’t been camping outside ever since they returned from abroad. Furthermore, with Estella joining them, the boys were very much looking forward to it.
After Roxanne brought Archie and Benny upstairs, they began packing their own stuff for the trip. Since the boys had gone on camping trips with Roxanne when they were abroad, they knew exactly what to bring.
Soon, all three of them were finally done packing up.
After carefully going through everything they packed, Roxanne kept having the feeling that something was missing. “| wonder if Essie prepared everything yet...” Archie mumbled to himself. Roxanne snapped back to her senses and realized what she had forgotten.
If I'm not mistaken, this should be the very first time Estella’s going on a camping trip. Judging by Lucian’s personality, he probably doesn’t know much about camping. | don’t know if he will prepare anything for Estella. | should prepare more for her in case that happens.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne started putting away some of the things they had already packed, leaving some empty space in their storage box.
“Mommy?” Benny looked at Roxanne with a puzzled expression.
Roxanne smiled as she asked, “Why don’t we prepare some stuff for Essie too?”
Hearing that, Archie and Benny did not have any ions and proceeded to pack some stuff.
As Estella had stayed at their place for some time, the boys seemed to know her preferences well. It wasn’t long before they had filled the empty space with snacks and toys that Estella liked.
It was then Roxanne finally felt they had finished packing. With Lysa’s help, she packed everything into the trunk before heading upstairs and urging the boys to get some rest. 
###Chapter 925
Chapter 925
Chapter 925 Coaxing Roxanne
On the way to the Farwell residence, Estella puffed up her cheeks as she sat in the backseat. She stared at her father through the rearview mirror.
“Daddy, did you make Ms. Jarvis angry again?” Lucian frowned slightly when he heard Estella’s soft and adorable voice. Estella caught on to the change in Lucian’s expression and knew that she had guessed correctly. She snorted angrily.
She had thought that Lucian wanted to bring her to meet Roxanne. However, it turned out he had gone to create trouble for Roxanne instead.
“| won't listen to you anymore, Daddy!” Estella said gloomily. Lucian’s frown deepened. He patiently explained, “It’s because of work.”
It's this excuse again! Estella looked at the rearview mirror unhappily and said, “You only know how to lie to little kids, Daddy.”
Lucian’s eye twitched in anger when he heard that. Estella continued listing out her grievances. “You also said that to me the previous time! Earlier tonight, you tricked me into bringing you to Ms. Jarvis too...”
However, when we arrived at Ms. Jarvis’ house, you secretly made her angry! Estella vowed that she would never believe her father again.
Taking advantage of the pause in traffic due to the red traffic light, Lucian raised a hand to massage his temples which were throbbing with pain. “I’m telling the truth. There’s no need for me to lie to you.”
“When we were eating, Ms. Jarvis’ mood wasn’t that bad! She only became like this after talking to you, Daddy!” Estella’s claim appeared to be reasonable and substantiated with evidence. Lucian was unable to refute her. He could only remain silent even though he felt a little exasperated.
Strictly speaking, it was Roxanne who found something to be unhappy about. Yet, unaware of the truth, Estella placed the blame on him.
Essie...
Estella frowned in an attempt to look fierce. “Daddy, you promised that you would let Ms. Jarvis become my mommy!” Lucian remained silent.
“If things continue like this, when will Ms. Jarvis become my mommy?” Estella’s voice was full of worry.
Lucian’s expression softened when he heard her words. “I’m also thinking of a plan, but this isn’t a choice | can make alone.” Roxanne was on her guard against him. That made him frustrated, but he could not do anything to change the situation.
No matter how he tried to explain, Roxanne was unwilling to listen to him.
Estella was also somewhat frustrated with her father.
He promised that he'll try to be with Ms. Jarvis, but he always makes her angry. If this continues, when can Ms. Jarvis become part of our family?
The little girl grew a little anxious when she thought about it. “You can’t continue being like this, Daddy!”
Lucian frowned and kept quiet.
The matter was not something that he could decide by himself.
Without waiting for a reply, Estella said with a pitiful expression on her face, “Daddy, you have to coax Ms. Jarvis.” Since Daddy didn’t allow me to coax Ms. Jarvis earlier, he has to do it himself!
Lucian frowned again as he found Estella’s demand unreasonable.
It's Roxanne who found fault with me in the first place. How can | coax her? What if the more | try to coax her, the more she thinks that I have ulterior motives?
As Lucian thought about it, he grew gloomier.
Estella could sense the change in his mood, and a wronged expression appeared on her small face. However, she did not dare to continue speaking as she knew her father was angry.
Lucian glanced at Estella through the rearview mirror and changed the conversation topic. “What do | need to prepare for your camping trip tomorrow?” He rarely attended such events, much less brought a kid along with him to attend such events.
Lucian did not know what to prepare for Estella’s camping trip. 
###Chapter 926
Chapter 926
Chapter 926 Vivid Expressions Estella was still feeling a little upset, but her attention was diverted by the mention of the camping trip.
“Food and water...” Lucian furrowed his brows as he thought about it. “Ms. Jarvis will probably prepare those. Apart from that, what do you need?”
Estella was thoroughly distracted by the idea of camping. However, she had never attended team-bonding activities like camping before.
Furthermore, the Farwell family did not have the practice of bringing their children out camping. Thus, Estella was even more clueless when it came to the topic of camping.
Amoment later, a cunning emotion flashed across her eyes. She suggested carefully, “Why don’t we ask Ms. Jarvis?”
Lucian stared at her through the rearview mirror and pretended that he had not heard her. “When we get back home, you should rest early.”
Estella knew that it was Lucian’s way of rejecting her suggestion. She quietened down unhappily. Soon, they arrived at the Farwell residence. Lucian got down from the car and opened the door for Estella. He then reached out to carry her.
Yet, Estella ignored his outstretched hands and hopped down by herself. She trudged back to the mansion with her head lowered.
When Catalina heard the doorbell, she opened the door and came out to ask them if they had eaten. However, she saw Estella sitting on the couch angrily.
Catalina looked at Lucian in confusion.
“We have eaten,” Lucian said in a low voice as he glanced at the dishes on the table.
Catalina nodded her head. “Then I'll get them to clear the dishes.”
Thereafter, she could not help but express her concern for Estella. “What's wrong with Ms. Estella?”
Lucian sidestepped the question. “Estella will be going camping tomorrow. Please prepare the necessary items for her.” Catalina looked troubled. “Mr. Farwell, Ms. Estella...”
When Estella got mad, she would not allow other people to touch her things.
Naturally, Catalina would not be able to help Estella pack the items she needed for the camping trip.
Lucian turned to look at Estella, who was huddled on the couch. He frowned and said, “Forget it. I'll help her.” Catalina heaved a sigh of relief and looked on with worry as Lucian walked to Estella.
“It's late. Pack your things and rest early.”
Lucian lowered his eyes to look at his fuming daughter.
Estella shot Lucian a glare before looking away huffily.
Lucian raised an eyebrow and reached out to pick Estella up in his arms.
Not a match for her father, Estella could only allow him to carry her back to her room.
The entire journey there, Estella pursed her lips and continued seething with anger. Lucian did not speak to her after they arrived either. Instead, he typed away on his phone busily.
He did not know what to prepare for the camping trip and could only search online.
Lucian finished reading the online resources before packing Estella’s bag for the trip.
Amoment later, he helped Estella pack a small suitcase full of things to bring for the camping trip. “What else do you need to bring?”
Lucian only turned to look at Estella after he had finished packing her bag for her.
Estella looked at the suitcase with both anger and expectation. She had no experience in camping, so she nodded without thinking.
Lucian thought that she was satisfied with it and zipped up the suitcase before placing it at the door.
“Rest early. You have to be up early tomorrow. Didn’t you ask Ms. Jarvis to fetch you tomorrow?” Lucian said before leaving. He did not appear to care about Estella’s anger.
After speaking to her, he did not stay any longer and turned around to leave.
When Estella saw her father leaving without showing more concern for her, the angry expression on her face crumbled in an instant. 
###Chapter 927
Chapter 927
Chapter 927 Gave Him A Tight Hug “Daddy!” Estella shouted anxiously when Lucian was about to shut the door. Lucian held the door and asked, “Yes, Essie?”
The little girl looked aggrieved. She had thought Lucian would give in to her demand after she expressed her frustration and anger.
Yet, Lucian did not even bother to entertain her! Estella was not used to being treated like that. Lucian arched his brows. “Go to bed early if there’s nothing you want to say.”
When he was about to close the door again, the girl asked in a piping voice, “Will you come with us tomorrow?”
A frown marred Lucian’s face when he heard that, but he did not answer immediately. Estella lowered her head and fidgeted with her fingers. “It’s the weekend tomorrow. You can spend time with us, right?”
Though Lucian and Roxanne had had a falling out, Estella believed they would reconcile should they go camping together tomorrow.
She remembered how Roxanne used to avoid them, but having been on a trip together improved their relationship. That was why Estella believed the camping trip would also do the trick.
Lucian could roughly guess what was on her mind. His heart softened when he noticed a mix of excitement and grievance on her face.
However, when Roxanne popped into his mind, he instantly subdued his feelings. That woman is always suspicious of me, so I’m sure they won't enjoy the trip if | tag along.
With that thought in mind, Lucian decided to turn down her invitation. “I have to work tomorrow, Essie. I'll join you guys in the next one, okay?”
Estella pouted in disappointment, even though she had anticipated the outcome.
Lucian consoled her patiently, “Things cropped up at work, and | have to attend to all these matters. | would join you if | could.” He then walked up to the girl and stroked the back of her head.
Estella looked at him with her puppy eyes, trying to gain his sympathy.
Lucian did not let the girl get to him. “I know you want me to reconcile with Ms. Jarvis on this camping trip. | would do so had | had the time. The thing is, I’m really busy with work.”
After hearing his explanation, Estella knew she could not push it anymore. She inclined her head to acknowledge her understanding of his situation.
“Be a good girl and listen to Ms. Jarvis tomorrow. Take good care of yourself, and don’t cause any trouble, okay?” Lucian reminded her in a mellow voice.
Estella bobbed her head in agreement, even though she still felt a tinge of disappointment. Since things aren’t working out as | wished, | don’t know when Daddy and Ms. Jarvis will ever reconcile.
Lucian, who had no idea what was running through Estella’s mind, thought she was still mad at him. He inched closer and sat by her bed.
The girl looked at her father in puzzlement.
“I'll leave only after you fall sleep,” Lucian said in a deep voice.
Estella’s eyes lit up instantly as she knew his heart had softened. She sat up and gave her father a tight hug.
At that point, Lucian finally figured out what she was thinking. Though she attempted to persuade him to go on the trip once more, he kept mum.
Estella eventually gave up as she failed to get a response from him. Left with no choice, she crawled back to the bed and hid beneath her blanket.
When her breathing became even, Lucian got up and walked out of the room. After closing the door, Lucian stood outside, looking conflicted.
Not only was he taken aback by how attached Estella was to Roxanne, but he was also surprised by how his daughter was always on that woman’s side. If in the future they find out they're related by blood, | think Essie would kick me to the curb and forget about me. 
###Chapter 928
Chapter 928
Chapter 928 Leaving In A Hurry The next day, Estella got out of bed and waited outside Lucian’s room. She still wanted to convince him to go camping with them.
When Lucian opened the door and was about to leave the room, he noticed the girl was standing right before him. Needless to say, Lucian knew her motive.
Instead of giving her a chance to speak, he said, “Come. Let’s go and have breakfast. Ms. Jarvis should be arriving shortly.”
The girl shook her head, but before she could say something, Lucian interrupted again. “I need to go to the office now. You must obey Ms. Jarvis, okay? Call me if you need anything.”
Before Estella could open her mouth and speak, he immediately walked past her and went downstairs. Meanwhile, Catalina was preparing breakfast for them in the dining area.
When she saw him walking to the door, she asked in concern, “Breakfast’s ready, Mr. Farwell. Would you like to eat some before leaving?”
Lucian continued walking. “I have to leave now. Remember to open the door for Ms. Jarvis later. She'll be picking up Essie.”
Catalina knitted her brows. She wanted him to stay for breakfast, but he had already put on his shoes and seemed in a hurry to leave the house.
She looked at his back and wondered if he was running away from something or someone. Otherwise, he wouldn't be leaving the house in such a hurry.
While she was still trying to process her thoughts, Estella came downstairs.
Catalina immediately came to her senses. She walked the girl to the dining table and had breakfast with her.
Before they could take more than a couple of bites, the video intercom started ringing.
Catalina remembered what Lucian said earlier and immediately opened the door.
Roxanne and the two boys were standing in front of the entrance.
Catalina greeted her politely, “Good morning, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne nodded in response before taking a sidelong glance at the living hall. It was as if she was looking for someone.
Realization finally dawned on Catalina. She looked at Roxanne and uttered, “Mr. Farwell left early this morning. He told me you'll be fetching Ms. Estella.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne heaved a silent sigh of relief. She had been overwhelmed by anxiety when approaching the Farwell residence, as she did not know how to face Lucian.
She was unsure if the man would join the trip as she did not ask about it yesterday, but she knew she might end up running away had he decided to go. Thank God he’s not coming with us.
Estella ran to the door upon hearing Roxanne’s voice. “Good morning, Ms. Jarvis.” Roxanne leaned down and stroked her head. “Do you have everything prepared, Essie?” The girl nodded at first but shook her head a few seconds later.
Her reaction confused Roxanne.
“| didn’t prepare them. Daddy did,” Estella explained in an adorable voice.
Lucian had prepared the camping gear for Estella and told her to go through the items, but she had not paid much attention to them.
Roxanne, too, did not seem to worry because she had everything packed. Nothing would go wrong even if the little girl missed bringing a thing or two.
“Have you taken your breakfast, Ms. Jarvis? Come join us if you've not eaten,” Catalina invited her to the dining table.
Roxanne grinned. “No, thank you. | bought some snacks for breakfast. The kids can eat them during the journey to the campsite.”
She then lowered her head to ask if Estella was happy with the breakfast arrangement. Estella nodded without thinking twice. “I'll have breakfast in the car too!” As a first-time camper, Estella was eager to have the full experience.
Catalina did not say anything after that. She went upstairs, brought down the camping gear Lucian had prepared for Estella, and bade them farewell.
Roxanne could not help but wonder what was in the suitcase when carrying it to the car trunk.
Somehow, she felt the camping gear Lucian prepared for Estella was particularly heavy. Is it me, or is the suitcase overloaded? 
###Chapter 929
Chapter 929
Chapter 929 Teach Them A Lesson
Roxanne helped the children into the car and drove slowly out of the manor. At the same time, a skinny man leaped down the big tree in front of the manor’s entrance with a camera in his hand.
After watching Roxanne’s car drive away, he casually entered his car in a corner and started the engine while unlocking his phone.
Half an hour later, Aubree, who had just awakened, habitually retrieved her phone and saw the text on her screen. It was from the private detective she sent to spy on Roxanne.
That got rid of her sleepiness instantly. She quickly sat up and opened the text. A few overhead-shot pictures came into view. In the pictures, Roxanne could be seen carrying a tiny suitcase out of the mansion with three children following behind her. The suitcase was pink, which obviously meant it was Estella’s. However, it was hard to guess what was inside.
In the next picture, Roxanne and the children could be seen arriving beside the car. She had opened the trunk to reveal its contents.
Noting that, Aubree zoomed in on the pictures, unwilling to miss out on a single detail.
It was after some time that she spotted something that looked like a tent. As she scanned the other items, she realized the trunk was packed with camping equipment.
Frowning, Aubree texted for clarification: What are they doing?
The private detective replied while driving: | think | heard something about camping.
Agrim look spread across Aubree’s face when she read his reply.
Looks like the bacterium incident didn’t teach her a lesson. She still dares to be so close to Roxanne! The more she stared at the smiling faces in the picture, the darker her expression became. She texted: Follow them. Tell me their location once you know where they are.
The private detective quickly agreed to her orders.
Aubree’s gaze was unusually cold as she studied the pictures over and over again.
Lucian was nowhere to be seen, but that did not mean he would not be hanging out with them. Perhaps he was going there separately.
Aubree had no doubt that Lucian valued Estella and had feelings for Roxanne.
The thought of the quintet enjoying themselves at the campsite filled her with crazed fury.
B*tch! The mother and daughter are both b*tches! If not for them, | would've been Lucian’s wife long ago. This is unacceptable. | must teach these two a lesson!
As that thought crossed her mind, she subconsciously tightened her grip around her phone so hard that her hand trembled. Moments later, Aubree forcefully recomposed herself. Glancing at her phone, which was covered in sweat, she dialed a number, her face expressionless.
After giving her instructions to the other person, she hung up and exited the room.
Upon seeing Aubree descending the stairs, Gina, who was downstairs, called out to Aubree to have breakfast. However, the former seemed to be oblivious to Gina’s voice as she walked straight out of the mansion.
An uneasy feeling crept into Gina’s heart as she watched her daughter leave.
Meanwhile, Aubree started the car engine and drove toward the agreed location.
Along the way, her phone that was placed beside her lit up.
She glanced at it, only to find an address from the private detective.
The rage in her eyes intensified as soon as she read the address, and she slammed her foot on the gas pedal. In less than half an hour, Aubree suddenly stopped her car at a remote intersection.
After stepping out, she took a vial from a man at the intersection, returned to her vehicle, and drove off to the address sent to her phone earlier. 
###Chapter 930
Chapter 930
Chapter 930 Let Us Use Them
The camping location Roxanne had picked was in the suburbs near a mountain. It was a two-hour drive from the city, so they only arrived when it was close to noon.
When Roxanne got out of the car, she could not help but sigh in awe while scanning the surroundings. The two-hour drive was worth it.
Their camping location was on a lush field with tiny flowers growing all over the place. Roxanne had purposely chosen a wider area to set up their tent. There was also a little forest not far from their spot.
The vegetation in the forest was denser, and rabbits would hop out and encircle their visitors from time to time. On the other side was a tiny waterfall, and thanks to the moving water, the surrounding air was quite refreshing and cool.
The gurgling sound of water also created a serene vibe. It could not be a more suitable camping site. Happiness was written all over the children’s faces.
“It's so beautiful!” Estella gazed at the scenery, forgetting all the unhappy events that happened that morning. Archie and Benny looked astounded as well.
Mommy always manages to find great places like this. It’s way better than the places we’ve camped at in other countries. “Run along and play. I'll set the tent up.”
With that, Roxanne took out the camping equipment from the car and began setting up the tent. Upon hearing that, Archie and Benny raised their hands. “We'll help you!”
After all, they had been on many camping trips with her; they were capable of helping her set up the equipment. Roxanne did not refuse their offer. She then handed them the tent’s corners and let the boys help her fix them.
As someone with no experience and little strength, Estella could only watch them curiously from the side and give them words of encouragement.
Roxanne was amused by how intrigued Estella looked. Not long after, the tent was up. Roxanne then brought the children’s suitcases over and took out their things.
She had packed some food, toys, and clothes for her and the boys. Her preparations were simple yet complete.
After arranging their items, Roxanne returned to the car to retrieve Estella’s suitcase. Sure enough, Estella’s suitcase was heavier than theirs.
Roxanne could not help but wonder what Lucian had packed for Estella. Feeling curious, the three children crowded around Roxanne as they watched her open the suitcase.
All of them were dumbfounded the moment they saw its contents. Even Roxanne was at a loss for words when she saw the batteries, flashlight, and other equipment.
I'm only taking them out to have fun, but he’s packing for Estella as if they’re going on an adventure.
“What's this?” asked Estella curiously.
She, too, realized the contents of her suitcase differed from the others.
Feeling speechless, Roxanne shifted her gaze from the professional equipment to the simple things she had prepared for the boys.
Meanwhile, Benny finally snapped out of his shock and exclaimed, “This is so cool!” Archie and Benny had fancied things like that since young, but it was their first time seeing it at a campsite. “Mommy, let's use them!” suggested the boys enthusiastically.
Roxanne looked at the boy’s excited faces and then at the items in her hand. Though she hesitated for a moment, she still agreed to their request.
Naturally, they had no use for the flashlight for the time being.
Thus, Roxanne took out the batteries and made a simple stove using the things Lucian packed. She was planning to use it to prepare a barbeque for lunch. 
###Chapter 931
Chapter 931
Chapter 931 Cute Essie
By the time they finished setting up, there was still some time until noon. Hence, Roxanne brought the kids to a place nearby to play. She had prepared many toys for them, especially for Estella.
Since Roxanne did not know what toys Estella liked to play with outdoors, she simply gathered some toys and brought them along. Before leaving the tents, the children each took their favorite toy out.
Archie and Benny each chose a water gun and a camera, while Estella picked a drawing board after much contemplation. Roxanne could not help but chuckle when she saw the children’s toy of choice. After that, she led them away from the campsite.
The further they walked, the more types of flowers and plants they saw. It was all thanks to Roxanne’s influence that the children paid special attention to the plants in the wild.
Along the way, they would ask her about the names and uses of the flowers. Even the cameras they brought along turned out handy.
Since many plants in the world had medicinal uses, it was only natural that Roxanne was familiar with them. Thus, she answered each of their questions patiently.
Estella, however, was clearly quieter than the boys. Instead of asking questions, she followed behind them and drew on her drawing board in silence.
When Roxanne noticed Estella’s unusual silence, she thought the latter was feeling awkward. Hence, Roxanne stopped in her tracks and asked, “Are you having fun, Essie? | can take you back to the tent if you're feeling tired.”
The boys, too, cast her concerned gazes, thinking she was being silent because she was not used to such settings.
To their surprise, Estella showed them her drawing board the moment Roxanne finished her sentence.
Estella’s brushstrokes were rather childish, but the drawing was recognizable. They were the plants Roxanne explained earlier. “| think it’s fun!” Estella said, her eyes gleaming.
She loved the plants, and she was impressed with how Roxanne knew all of them.
Roxanne was relieved to see Estella so happy. Giving the latter a pat on the head, she then brought the children to sit on the grass.
They were surrounded by a field of flowers.
While Roxanne introduced the flowers to Archie and Benny, she casually picked some, occasionally glancing at Estella. Soon, a delicate wreath was formed.
However, Estella was too focused on drawing that she did not notice Roxanne’s actions.
The boys, on the other hand, were stunned by the wreath in Roxanne’s hand.
Although she had made one for them when they were abroad, the flowers there were not as pretty as the ones they currently saw. Thus, the wreath Roxanne had just made was exceptionally pretty.
Before they could even gasp, Roxanne placed her finger to her lips to hush them.
Seeing that, the boys sealed their lips and grinned as they watched Roxanne place the wreath on Estella’s head.
“Ah!” It frightened Estella, for she thought something had fallen on her head.
When she returned to her senses, she saw Roxanne and the boys staring at her, which confused her even more.
Estella was dressed in a white dress and had two braids, each resting on her shoulders. Coupled with her cute features and the wreath, she looked like a little fairy that had popped out of a storybook, especially since she was gazing at them innocently.
Seeing how cute she was, Archie hurriedly took out his camera and snapped a picture.
When Estella saw that, a bewildered expression spread across her face, and she carefully touched the top of her head. 
###Chapter 932
Chapter 932
Chapter 932 Essie Is Pretty
“What is...” Estella carefully placed the wreath in her hand and shot Roxanne a delighted look. Smiling, Roxanne patted Estella’s head and said, “It looks a little funny because | haven't made one in a long time.”
In response, Estella shook her head fervently. “I love it!” As if to prove how much she loved it, Estella placed it gently in front of her and began drawing it.
Seeing that, Roxanne and the boys scooted over curiously, only to be shocked by Estella’s drawing, which was slowly becoming complete.
Her previous drawing of the plants was rather decent, though her brushstrokes were a little childish. However, her drawing of the wreath was unbelievable. In fact, it almost looked real. “Essie, you’re amazing!” Benny breathed.
Roxanne, too, smiled and nodded in agreement. By the time Estella was done with the drawing, Benny could not help but ask, “Essie, have you taken art classes before?”
However, Estella shook her head in confusion. The look of surprise in Benny's eyes only intensified. However, Roxanne suddenly thought of something, and her heart went out to the little girl.
Maybe her artistic skills have something to do with her autism. All autistic children always have some kind of surprising talent. With that thought in mind, Roxanne patted Estella’s head while feeling sorry for the latter.
Unaware of what was on Roxanne’s mind, Estella innocently showed the woman her drawing. “I'll keep it well!”
The flower wreath would not last, but she could take good care of the drawing.
Roxanne’s heart softened when she saw Estella still wearing the shell bracelet she gifted her back then. ‘I'll help you preserve the wreath when we get back.”
Upon hearing that, Estella looked up at Roxanne with surprise.
Roxanne merely smiled. There were many chemicals in the research institute that could be used to preserve plants. When Estella saw the smile on Roxanne’s face, she grinned wider.
Archie hurriedly took out his camera and took a picture of the duo.
Noticing that, Roxanne extended her hand, gesturing for Archie to show her the picture.
Hence, Archie obediently placed the camera in her hand.
Roxanne lowered her gaze to look at the picture, and Estella scooted over as well.
“Essie!” shrieked Estelle excitedly when she saw her face in the picture.
Roxanne’s gaze softened when she saw the picture of Estella. “You’re really pretty, Essie.”
The praise made Estella smile wider.
After sitting there for some time, Roxanne brought the children further.
When they exited the car earlier, Roxanne realized the field nearby had a type of rare medicinal herb. Therefore, she decided to bring them there to play while she looked for the herb.
The three children walked ahead of her, skipping happily along the way.
Meanwhile, Estella had stopped drawing. She carefully placed the wreath on her head and marched ahead, paying attention to the ground where she stepped.
She, too, wanted to find some pretty flowers to make a wreath for Roxanne. Suddenly, Estella found something. She squatted and called out to Roxanne, “Ms. Jarvis, what flower is this?” Hearing Estella calling out to her, Roxanne strode over and looked in the same direction. Immediately, her eyes lit up.
Just as Estella was about to pluck it, Roxanne hurriedly held the former’s hand. “This is a valuable medicinal herb. I’ve been looking for it for some time. Thanks to you, Essie, | finally found it!” 
###Chapter 933
Chapter 933
Chapter 933 A Harmonious Atmosphere
Estella was confused, but she still smiled innocently, for she knew Roxanne was praising her. The former then retracted her hand obediently.
Subsequently, Roxanne took out the tools she had prepared and carefully scooped out the yellow flower along with its roots.
Estella cocked her head to one side, confused by what she saw. “For medicinal herbs like this, we need to preserve their roots as well,” Roxanne explained patiently.
Hearing that, the girl nodded even though she did not understand Roxanne’s words completely. Now that Estella knew Roxanne was looking for that kind of flower, the former quickly got up and scoured the area.
It did not take long for Estella to find a huge area of it, so Roxanne collected a few more to be preserved. Soon, noon arrived. The children were clearly hungry because their pace had slowed.
Noting that, Roxanne brought them back to the tent to prepare food for them. She had woken up early that morning to prepare a various selection of food for the children.
The sight of the children feasting on the plates of food she prepared made her beam. “Essie, this is for you,” said Benny while taking out some sweets from his bag.
Estella smiled from ear to ear as she accepted the sweets. “Thank you, Benny.” Similarly, Archie retrieved some snacks from his bag and piled them in front of Estella.
What on earth was Daddy even thinking? He only prepared tools but no food for Essie. Good thing we thought ahead and prepared some for her.
Realizing the children were going to be full from the snacks, Roxanne hurriedly stopped them, saying, “Slow down on the snacks. I’m making barbeque for you kids.”
As soon as the children heard the word “barbeque,” they immediately put down their snacks and fixed their gazes on the grilling rack Roxanne was holding.
The way they gaped at the food as if they were close to drooling amused Roxanne.
However, the boys quickly snapped out of it and went over to help her.
Meanwhile, Estella did not know what to do, so she obeyed the boys’ orders and washed the vegetables.
Soon, the ingredients were ready, and Roxanne began grilling them.
Adelicious aroma instantly permeated the air.
The children’s eyes looked as if they were sparkling as they sat around Roxanne and waited for the food to be ready. Noting their anticipation, Roxanne quickened her movements in order to not let the children wait too long.
Not long after, a plate of mutton skewers was served.
Archie and Benny immediately reached out and gave one to Estella.
Accepting the skewer, Estella darted her eyes from the aromatic mutton skewer to Roxanne, who was still grilling food for them. “Ms. Jarvis!” Estella called out, bringing the skewer to Roxanne’s lips and gazing at the latter with sparkling eyes.
Roxanne’s heart melted when she saw the skewer suddenly appear in front of her. “Thank you, Essie.”
Only after Estella had finished feeding Roxanne did she take another skewer from the boys, devouring it.
The atmosphere was harmonious as the four chatted and joked with each other.
Meanwhile, a black car slowly pulled up on the road a distance away from the field.
Sitting in it was a furious Aubree, who watched the interactions between the four through the window.
Any stranger would think they’re a family if they see this. That b*tch, Roxanne! How dare she says she has no intentions of going back to the Farwell family? That's impossible. If that’s true, why is Roxanne treating Essie so well when she doesn’t know who her biological mother is? 
###Chapter 934
Chapter 934
Chapter 934 What She Was Capable Of
Looking at the figures, Aubree narrowed her eyes as she subconsciously tightened her grip around the vial she’d gotten from the man. Meanwhile, Roxanne remained oblivious of Aubree’s presence.
Just after lunch, the afternoon sun bathed the land in its warm light. The kids didn’t feel sleepy at all. Quite the opposite, they felt hot due to the rising temperature.
Roxanne scanned her surroundings before bringing them toward the waterfall, where the group was instantly greeted by a pleasantly cool breeze. Even Roxanne couldn't help but let out a satisfied sigh.
“Ah!” All of a sudden, Estella ran and hid behind the woman’s back. Roxanne lowered her head, confused. All she could see was Archie and Benny, both barefooted in the stream, splashing water toward the little girl.
When they noticed Estella was hiding behind their mother, the two little boys instantly stopped what they were doing, feeling a tad guilty over their actions.
Roxanne had observed the topography earlier. Although they were at a waterfall, the flow of the water—which only reached the boy’s calves—was slow.
Since the kids knew how to swim, she wasn’t too concerned about an accident happening. For that reason, Roxanne didn’t say anything else and merely directed Estella to stand next to her.
“You're doomed for splashing water on Essie!” She then squatted down and began splashing water at the two boys.
Seeing that their mother wasn’t angry, they regained their enthusiasm and began to play. Estella was soon influenced by them and participated in the fun.
Alas, Roxanne’s energy was limited. After playing with them for a while, she retreated to the side and watched over the kids while taking pictures of them.
The atmosphere was lively and cheerful. Estella had a smile on her face the entire time, and the children’s tinkling laughter echoed throughout the waterfall.
The sound of it made Roxanne smile as well. Over on the road, Aubree had been hiding in wait all the while.
Seeing that they weren't going to return to the tent anytime soon, she got out of her car and inched closer toward the tent, being extremely careful not to make any noise.
As soon as she got to the tent, she caught sight of a couple of cups that were on the ground. Roxanne had prepared them for the children so they could drink out of them.
The children had felt thirsty during the barbecue, so they had filled their cups with water. At the moment, there was still some leftover in the cups. A menacing glint flashed across Aubree’s eyes when she saw that.
She glanced toward the waterfall, and upon noticing no one was paying attention to her, she took a deep breath and shifted her gaze toward the vial in her hand.
Amoment later, Aubree made up her mind and opened the vial in one swift move. She then poured all of its contents into the cups.
In a matter of minutes, she completed what she came here to do.
The water resembled its original appearance, and besides herself, Aubree was confident that no one else would know that it had been tampered with.
Her gaze was icy as she glanced at the happy group.
This time, she was determined to let them know what she was capable of.
Once that was done, Aubree quietly left the tent and returned to her car. However, she didn’t drive off right away, for she wanted to see Roxanne and the little brats drink the water.
Several flashes of light went off in the woods after Aubree got into her car.
The private detective had been taking pictures of her from the moment she stepped out of her car and went toward the tent. As such, all of her actions were captured on camera.
After that, the private detective examined all of the pictures that were taken.
The corner of his lips curled up into a smile when he confirmed that all of his pictures were crystal clear.
With these pictures as a bargaining chip, he needn’t worry that Aubree would try to get out of paying him. 
###Chapter 935
Chapter 935
Chapter 935 Enjoying Themselves To The Fullest
Aubree quickly grew impatient as the group of four didn’t return to their tent even after a long while. She whipped out her phone and sent the private detective a message: Where are you?
Logically, he should have arrived before her, but Aubree hadn't noticed anyone else around when she scanned her surroundings earlier.
Where on earth did he go? What a useless man! She furrowed her brows in dismay. Seconds later, her phone screen lit up with a response from the private detective: Look up.
The puzzled woman lifted her head and noticed that the leaves of a nearby tree appeared to be rustling. In the next second, she caught sight of a camera flash.
Aubree frowned in displeasure and lowered her head as she typed a reply: Keep a close eye on them! Take pictures if anything strange happens and send them to me.
The private detective assented without hesitation. After that, Aubree cast one last glance in the direction of Roxanne and her kids before slowly driving away.
If it was possible, she’d love to see Roxanne and her kids writhing in pain with her own eyes, but alas, the place she was at was not inconspicuous enough.
There was a chance she might be discovered if she continued to stay there, and if that happened, she'd end up losing more than she gained.
Thankfully, Aubree had hired the private detective, who would later capture the family’s suffering for her.
Just imagining how Roxanne and the children would feel after drinking the water was enough to spark a sense of elation within Aubree.
She had someone procure a new bacterium so that she could teach Roxanne a lesson.
It was a newly discovered bacteria, so there was no cure for it yet.
That didn’t matter to Aubree, for she wanted nothing more than to see them dead.
Unfortunately, the bacteria would only bring them extreme pain and wasn’t capable of killing them.
Although it wasn’t enough for Aubree to quell her hatred, it could still bring about a great deal of suffering for Roxanne and her family.
“I'd like to see how you'll be able to save them this time!”
An insidious glint flashed across Aubree’s eyes.
As long as she drinks that water, that wretched woman will have trouble saving herself!
Meanwhile, Roxanne remained oblivious to what Aubree had done, and the children were still enjoying themselves to the fullest. In the beginning, Archie and Benny were in cahoots with one another and stood against their sister, splashing her with water.
After Roxanne left, the boy’s alliance didn’t last long, and they ended up splitting up. The children formed three factions and drenched each other in water with little regard for who they were up against.
Some of the water got on Roxanne, bringing about a cooling sensation when it hit her skin.
It was rare to see the children indulging themselves in fun, so she said nothing and allowed them to play to their hearts’ content. Influenced by the boys, Estella carefully inched her way toward the stream, wanting to get in the water as well.
Upon seeing this, Archie and Benny instantly stopped what they were doing and walked toward their sister. They each held out a hand, wanting to hold her steady.
Unexpectedly, they were hit in the face by a wave of water.
The boys couldn’t react in time, and the wave sent them slipping and falling into the stream.
However, it didn’t take long for them to get back on their feet since they knew how to swim.
Roxanne thought the boys would be frightened after the stumble, so she got up to go to them.
To her surprise, she heard the children’s laughter in the next second.
Archie and Benny couldn’t help laughing at how pathetic the other looked, and an amused Estella was bent over laughing as well.
However, the sudden wave instilled some worry in the boys’ hearts, and they decided against letting their sister join them in the water.
They then stopped playing with water and squatted down to look for pebbles instead. From time to time, they tried to catch some fish with their hands.
Despite feeling disappointed, Estella didn’t let it bother her as she enjoyed herself more than anything. The obedient little girl knelt by the shore and watched as the boys attempted to fish with their hands. 
###Chapter 936
Chapter 936
Chapter 936 A Hint Of Hesitation
Seeing that the children were drenched in sweat, Roxanne chose an opportune time to call out to them, “You guys are sweating all over. Come and take a rest, or you might catch a cold.”
By then, the children had played to their heart's content, so they obediently got out of the water upon hearing the woman’s words. Benny had a fish in his hand, which he reluctantly released into the water before he left.
As for Estella, she gathered all of the pebbles the boys had given her in her skirt, protecting the pile of stones as she walked toward Roxanne.
Noticing how the little girl was struggling, Roxanne stepped forward to help her. Estella’s footsteps became lighter when some of the weight of the pebbles were taken off of her.
When they reached the shore, Roxanne took the towels she had prepared earlier and gently wiped down the children’s bodies.
The three children wrapped themselves in their respective towels and returned to their tent, where Estella laid the pebbles out to dry.
The boys had specially picked some colorful and nicely-shaped pebbles that looked extremely beautiful when the sun’s rays bounced off of them.
Hence, Estella simply couldn’t turn her eyes away.
Roxanne patted the little girl's head and got up to get their cups.
“You guys must be thirsty after all that fun. Here, have some water.”
As she spoke, she gave the children their respective cups, and they drank their water obediently. “Mommy.” Archie took a sip of the water and thought it tasted odd.
Upon hearing her son’s voice, Roxanne turned around and cast him a puzzled glance.
Archie got up and walked toward her with the cup in his hands, gesturing for her to look at the water. Naturally, nothing seemed off to the naked eye.
The situation brought a frown to Roxanne’s face. “What's wrong?”
Archie’s expression mirrored his mother’s as he looked over at Benny and Estella.
Is it just me, or does the water taste weird? But Benny and Estella seem to think it’s fine. Suspicious, he brought the cup to his nose and took a few sniffs.
The water didn’t smell odd either.
Roxanne was baffled by her son’s actions and asked again, “Is there something wrong with the water?” The little boy nodded hesitantly and sounded uncertain as he explained, “I feel like it tastes weird.” Hearing that, Roxanne turned to look at the other two children, who shook their heads in confusion.
“Archie, maybe you think it’s weird because you had some spring water earlier,” said Benny. He was practically oozing with smugness.
When they fell into the stream earlier, he had witnessed his brother being so startled he swallowed a mouthful of spring water as a result.
Archie couldn’t help but blush when he was exposed, but the rosiness in his cheeks disappeared just as quickly as it appeared. On the other hand, not knowing that something like that had happened, Roxanne looked at the children amusedly.
Archie brought the cup to his mouth and took another sip of water.
After which, he proceeded to spit it out.
It still didn’t taste right to him.
When she saw this, suspicion arose within Roxanne. She took over the cup and had a sip of water herself. Over the years, she had developed a keen sense of taste in order to discern between medicinal herbs. Thus, one small sip was sufficient for her to instantly notice that the water tasted off.
In fact, it tasted rather familiar.
Roxanne felt her heart drop to the pit of her stomach, and she quickly looked over at the other children. Benny and Estella were still drinking their water, having not found anything odd with it.
Afraid that she might have made an error in judgment and not wanting to needlessly scare the children, Roxanne didn’t say anything else and merely stood up quietly.
She scanned her surroundings but didn’t find signs of anyone else having been there.
At that, a hint of hesitation flickered in her eyes. 
###Chapter 937
Chapter 937
Chapter 937 My Tummy Hurts
“Mommy, did this cup get contaminated?” Archie inquired in puzzlement. Hearing her son’s voice, Roxanne snapped back to her senses and flashed him a reassuring smile. “No, something must've fallen in it. I'll get you another cup of water.”
She caressed the boy’s head and got up to toss the water. After that, she refilled the cup. However, Archie refused to drink anything. Regardless if something fell in it or something was wrong with the water, the boy was traumatized.
As such, Roxanne didn’t pressure him but passed him a bottle of mineral water from her bag instead. Only then was Archie willing to gulp down the water.
Meanwhile, Benny and Estella had already finished their water. Their eyes were fixed on the pebbles that the latter had laid out on the ground.
Roxanne didn’t interrupt the two and only instructed her oldest son, “Archie, take care of Benny and Estella. I'll go pick some medicinal herbs.”
Since it was still early, she wanted to take advantage of the daylight to gather more herbs.
Archie bobbed his head in response.
After watching his mother walk into the distance, he squatted down and joined the two little ones in observing the pebbles. All of a sudden, Estella furrowed her brows and clutched her stomach, groaning.
Ahint of worry glinted in Archie’s eyes as he looked at the little girl. “What's wrong? Are you tired?”
Estella looked delicate, and it wouldn’t be surprising if this was the first time she’d been so active.
However, she shook her head as her frown deepened. “My tummy hurts...”
Archie couldn’t help but worry about her well-being after hearing that. “I'll go get Mommy!” he declared.
It doesn’t matter if something happens to Benny or me, but Essie’s so weak and delicate. If she gets sick, | wouldn’t know what to do.
Getting to his feet, he was about to go look for his mother at the place where they found the medicinal herbs when Estella tugged at the hem of his pants.
Puzzled, he lowered his head.
“| must’ve laughed too hard earlier,” said the girl.
She didn’t want Roxanne to worry, so she endured the pain in her stomach and forced herself to smile.
Even so, Archie wasn’t entirely convinced by her.
She seems to be in extreme pain...
“Don't worry. I'll be fine in a bit,” she reassured him again, determined not to put a damper on Roxanne’s and the boys’ mood. Upon hearing that, Archie pondered for a while before resuming a squatting position.
At the same time, Benny also experienced the same symptoms as Estella.
He, too, suddenly developed a stomachache, but he chalked it up to catching a cold and endured the pain in silence.
When he heard that Estella was having a stomachache, he cast her a look of concern, but it didn’t take long for the pain in his stomach to grow even more intense.
Benny was about to tell his older brother about it when he noticed the water stains next to Estella’s feet. He then looked up and realized that the little girl was secretly crying.
“What's wrong, Essie?”
Concerned about her well-being, Benny endured his discomfort and leaned toward Estella.
Estella couldn't hold back anymore and gazed up at the boy with teary eyes. “My tummy hurts so much...”
Sniffing remorsefully, she went on, “It’s all my fault. Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and you could’ve enjoyed the day, but I’m in so much pain.”
Benny wanted to console her, but all of a sudden, he felt a sharp pang of pain that rendered him unable to speak.
Upon noticing that the two of them had collapsed to the ground, Archie ran over frantically. His voice was laced with panic and worry as he called out to them, “Benny, Essie!” 
###Chapter 938
Chapter 938
Chapter 938 Has Something Happened
Benny and Estella were suffering from stomachaches so bad that they could not pay Archie any heed at all. Estella was crying loudly to herself, oblivious to anything else.
Benny wanted to soothe her, but when he opened his lips to speak, he could only moan in pain. Gritting his teeth, he tried to restrain his groans and suppress his tears.
| have to be brave for Mommy! | can’t fail her over a little pain! The situation made Archie anxious, and he wanted to go and get Roxanne.
He recalled that the herbs were not far from where they were. | should be able to return quickly! As he was about to leave, he caught sight of Estella rolling in pain on the ground.
She was in so much pain that she did not care in which direction she was straying. As she writhed wildly on the ground, she slowly got further and further away from the tent.
Archie paused in his steps and, with some difficulty, pushed Estella back to the tent. He knew that he could not go far with Benny and Estella in such a state.
After some contemplation, Archie brought his wrist up to his face and pressed a few buttons on his watch. At that moment, Roxanne was focused on foraging for herbs.
She had initially just planned to take the children camping and had not expected to stumble across such a pleasant surprise. Thus, Roxanne was elated to find the patch of herbs.
As she was gathering the herbs, her phone rang.
Roxanne paused in her foraging and fished out her phone while wondering who could be calling her at that moment.
When she saw the caller’s name on the screen, her expression shifted uneasily. She immediately stood up and turned to look in the direction of the tent.
It was Archie calling her.
Did something bad happen to them?
With the phone pressed to her ear, Roxanne quickly picked up the basket of herbs and hurried back to the campsite. “Archie, what’s wrong? What happened?”
Archie’s voice was full of anxiety. “Mommy, come back quickly—”
However, before he could finish his sentence, a sound could be heard from his end of the line, interrupting him. After a few seconds of confusion, the line was cut.
Roxanne pulled the phone away from her ear and stared at it with a frown. Her heart grew heavier and heavier as each second ticked by. She quickened her pace toward the tent.
As soon as the tent came into her view, she caught sight of Benny and Estella rolling on the ground, clutching their stomachs in pain.
Archie knelt by his siblings, looking worried as he tried to stop them from rolling too far from the campsite. “What's wrong?” Roxanne immediately rushed to their side and bent over to check their temperature and breathing.
Archie’s eyes were bloodshot with anxiety and panic. “Benny and Essie suddenly had a stomachache! Mommy, take a look at them, quick! They’re in a lot of pain!”
He had initially wanted to go and get Roxanne from the herb patch himself.
However, when he saw how much pain his siblings were in, he had not dared to leave them alone. With no other choice, he had resorted to calling Roxanne instead.
Roxanne nodded reassuringly. “Don’t worry! I'll make sure they’re okay.”
She leaned over Estella and tried to gently pry her little hands away to feel her stomach.
However, the little girl seemed to be in excruciating pain. Her little arms were wrapped around her stomach tightly. Roxanne could not move her arms away no matter how firmly she tugged at them.
“Essie, let me have a look at your stomach,” Roxanne begged in distress.
Estella looked up at Roxanne with big, tearful eyes and whimpered, “Ms. Jarvis, it hurts so much...” Ever since Roxanne arrived, Estella had kept her head buried in her chest.
Now that the little girl had lifted her head and Roxanne could see her face, Roxanne felt her heart crack. Estella’s face was drained of all color. Oh, she must be in so much pain!
Without wasting any more time, Roxanne turned to examine Benny.
Benny was also in immense pain, but the little boy was handling it bravely. He cradled his stomach without even a whimper. 
###Chapter 939
Chapter 939
Chapter 939 The Water
When he saw that Roxanne wanted to have a look at his stomach, Benny removed his arms without a fuss. Roxanne caressed Benny's forehead. Her eyes were filled with distress.
However, after examining the two children, Roxanne still could not arrive at a diagnosis. As time passed, the children’s pain became increasingly severe.
Roxanne felt immensely helpless and powerless at that moment. She blamed herself for having brought the children out to camp but failing to watch over them properly.
Her guilt and distress were plainly written all over her face. Archie noticed his mother’s mood and approached her quietly. “Mommy.”
His voice pulled Roxanne out of her reverie, and she forced herself to calm down. Then, she said, “I brought a medical kit with us. Can you go get it from the tent and bring it here?”
The children were in excruciating pain, and yet, Roxanne had not managed to locate the cause of it. At that moment, she could only do her best to ease their symptoms.
I'll give them some pain medication first! | can’t go wrong with that! Archie reappeared in a few minutes with the medical kit, which he placed on the ground next to Roxanne.
Roxanne shook several painkiller pills into the palm of her hand. She fed one to each of the two sick children and sat back to wait for it to take effect.
“How are you two feeling?”
She could only think of two possibilities for the cause of their sudden illness. One was that the kids had overexerted themselves while playing and caught a cold. The other was that they were somehow infected by a bacterium out here in the wilderness.
However, this did not explain how Archie had somehow escaped the same fate.
In fact, Archie was not exhibiting any symptoms at all.
Archie frowned and patted his stomach. “My tummy hurts a bit, but only a little bit.”
As he spoke, he gestured at Roxanne with his hands, showing her that he really was not in much pain. Suspicion flitted across Roxanne’s face. Her eyes drifted to Benny and Estella again.
It had been five minutes since she had administered the painkiller. However, the two children showed no signs of any relief from the pain.
Estella was in so much pain that she had ceased writhing about. She was curled against the edge of the tent as a sheen of cold sweat covered her small face.
Seeing the children’s pain, Roxanne was so distressed that she could hardly breathe.
“Mommy...” Archie called out suddenly.
Roxanne’s heart clenched as she turned to look at him.
With his brows tightly pulled together, Archie looked solemn. “I think | know why Benny and Essie are sick!” “What is it?” Roxanne’s expression shifted into one of hope.
She thought that he wanted to tell her what they had been up to while she was gone.
To her surprise, Archie ran into the tent and returned holding their water cups instead.
Roxanne watched in bewilderment as Archie sniffed the insides of the cups.
As he had expected, the cups had a strange smell— the same smell that he had tasted in the water earlier.
Although his siblings had drank all the water in the cups, the strange smell remained.
Archie thrust the cups under Roxanne’s nose. “Mommy, take a sniff.”
Roxanne knew what he wanted her to do.
She leaned in and inhaled deeply. When the scent hit her nostrils, her complexion turned pale.
Although she was reluctant to admit it, the facts were very different from what she had speculated earlier.
All three of the water cups had the same strange smell.
“Maybe my stomach isn’t hurting so much because | only had one sip of the water,” Archie said speculatively.
He had just swallowed the first sip of the water when he sensed that something was wrong, so he had spat out the second mouthful immediately.
However, Benny and Estella had finished all the water in their cups.
If the source of their stomachache was indeed the water, then it made sense that Benny and Estella would be suffering worse than Archie.
Roxanne was convinced by Archie’s sound reasoning. 
###Chapter 940
Chapter 940
Chapter 940 Painkillers
Early on, Archie mentioned that there was something wrong with his water, and Roxanne had indeed detected a faint smell that usually occurred only when a certain type of bacteria was mixed with water.
However, the problem was that it was a type of bacteria that only survived under laboratory conditions. The fact that it was found in the wilderness meant that someone must have intentionally placed it there.
As such, the first thing Roxanne did was to check if there was anyone else around. However, she had a clear view of the entire field. Apart from them, there was no one else.
Due to that, Roxanne assumed it was a coincidence that the water had such a smell and not because the bacteria were actually present.
Little did she expect that someone had added the bacteria to the kids’ water. Roxanne’s heart clenched when she thought about the symptoms one would experience after ingesting the bacteria.
“Mommy, it hurts so much...” Benny muttered, grabbing his mother’s hand. He had finally caved in, unable to hold on any longer. The boy held Roxanne’s hand briefly before letting it go as he was so weak from the pain that he barely had any strength left.
Roxanne was heartbroken when she saw Benny’s hand falling to the ground. She picked up the boy’s hand and stroked it gently while mumbling, “Don’t worry. Everything will be fine. | will cure you guys soon.”
The woman had come across patients who were infected with the same bacteria during clinical trials. She had seen adults tossing and turning in bed due to the unbearable pain, and some had even passed out.
The pain was hard to bear even for fully-grown adults, not to mention two young kids.
At the thought of the suffering the children were going through at that moment, Roxanne felt so anguished that she could hardly breathe.
Noticing that his mother was starting to panic, Archie reached out and held the woman's other hand. “Mommy, should we feed Benny and Essie some medicine?”
Even though the boy was still young, he was extremely mature and sensible for his age.
Archie was also experiencing discomfort in his stomach, but he still found it bearable.
Although he was worried about his siblings, he knew that being anxious would not help.
Given that his mother was already very distressed, if he started panicking as well, no one would be calm enough to keep the situation under control.
With her son’s reminder, Roxanne regained her composure and started rummaging through the medical kit. She remembered that there was no cure for that species of bacteria in modern medicine. Hence, they could only rely on traditional medicine.
Nevertheless, modern medicine could help to alleviate their pain temporarily. It was just that very strong painkillers had to be administered, and such painkillers were usually not found in standard first-aid kits.
After all, if one was in so much pain that they had to take those painkillers, it would be absolutely necessary for them to go to the hospital.
After searching for a while, Roxanne was still unable to find what she was looking for and had no choice but to give up finding it.
Meanwhile, Benny and Estella were still rolling on the ground in pain. Estella was crying silently with her lips pressed together.
Despite being in so much pain, she was still thinking about others and feeling worried that her discomfort would affect the others’ camping experience.
Roxanne’s heart clenched when she noticed how hard the little girl was trying to endure. Even her fingers were trembling. “Archie, can you handle the herbs for me please?” Archie agreed without hesitation.
The boy had spent most of his time by Roxanne’s side while growing up, and more than half the time, he was with her in the research institute.
As such, he was very familiar with the handling of traditional medicinal herbs. After washing the herbs, Archie removed the damaged leaves, only leaving the healthy leaves and the dark green stem.
Roxanne removed two leaves from the stem and picked up some of the common medicinal herbs from her medical kit before she headed into the tent to look for something else. 
###Chapter 941
Chapter 941
Chapter 941 Felt Like Food Poisoning Fortunately, Lucian had packed some professional camping equipment for Estella before the camping trip.
Initially, Roxanne had thought that they wouldn’t need any of those items. Who knew that those would turn out to be exactly what she needed to save the children’s lives?
After she found the small pot that Lucian had specially prepared for Estella, Roxanne emerged from the tent.
Without further ado, the woman poured some water into the pot and threw in the herbs and two leaves before starting to boil the mixture.
While waiting for the medicine concoction to be ready, Roxanne got up and carried Benny and Estella into the tent. Overwhelmed by pain, the children had a blank look in their eyes, and their foreheads were covered in sweat.
Roxanne covered the two little ones with some clothes before stroking their heads and saying, “Just bear with it a little more. You will feel better soon.”
Benny and Estella gave a slight nod but were too weak to speak.
After settling the kids, Roxanne stood up and walked out of the tent.
Right after she stepped outside, she felt her stomach churning.
She had taken a sip of Archie’s water earlier.
As it was just one sip, the pain in her stomach was still bearable.
Ignoring her discomfort, Roxanne went to check on the traditional medicine concoction that she was preparing.
Archie was watching the fire to ensure that the mixture was boiling properly.
When the boy saw his mother approaching, he asked in concern, “Mommy, will Benny and Essie get well after drinking this?”
An inexplicable glint flashed across Roxanne’s eyes before she shook her head dejectedly and replied, “No. It will just help to lessen their pain.”
More medicinal herbs were required for the kids to make a full recovery, and some of them had to be retrieved from the research institute.
Given Benny and Essie’s current condition, they would not be able to tolerate the pain until they made it back to the research institute and waited for Roxanne to finish preparing the traditional medicine concoction.
When Archie heard that, his face dropped in disappointment. “How are they feeling now?” He collected himself and continued asking.
Roxanne’s gaze softened when she saw how concerned the boy was for the other two. She moved forward to sit down beside him.
Archie shifted aside to give his mother some space to sit.
Roxanne patted her son’s head and said, “You keep asking about Benny and Essie, but what about yourself? You drank that water too. How are you feeling?”
Even though Archie had less severe symptoms, Roxanne was still worried.
After giving it some serious thought, the boy replied, “My stomach is aching a little, and | feel a little sick, but it just feels like a normal stomachache from food poisoning.”
It was similar to what Roxanne was feeling.
The woman heaved a sigh of relief. “You should also have some medicine when it’s ready.”
Archie nodded obediently. Meanwhile, Benny and Estella’s agonized cries from the tent could be heard intermittently.
Roxanne could feel her chest tightening. There was nothing she could do other than hope that the medicine concoction would be ready soon.
When she checked on the medicine concoction half an hour later, she noticed that it was not fully ready yet. If it was taken then, the medicine might not work to its full effect.
However, the little ones could not wait any longer. Roxanne took out four disposable cups and scooped some medicine for herself and the three children. Archie took one cup and drank it. Roxanne finished hers as well before bringing the remaining two cups to Benny and Estella.
The two little ones were hurting so much that they were curled up into a ball. When they noticed the woman entering the tent, they glanced at her weakly.
They were like two injured little animals, and one could not help but feel sorry for them. Roxanne rushed to the kids’ sides and took Estella into her arms first without hesitation.
Besides the fact that she was a girl, Estella had drunk the most water. As such, she was in more pain compared to Benny. 
###Chapter 942
Chapter 942
Chapter 942 Should Not Have Camp Here
“Ms. Jarvis...” Estella, who was in Roxanne’s embrace, called out weakly. Roxanne stroked her cheek and assured her, “Come on. You'll not be in as much pain anymore after drinking the medicine.”
Naturally, Estella trusted her and leaned over to have her medicine. A frown instantly formed on her face after she took a sip. Roxanne placed the cup near Estella’s lips. However, the latter refused to open her mouth again.
Ever since Estella was young, she had always taken pills or been on an IV drip when she was sick. She had rarely had any traditional medicine. Hence, Estella could not stand the bitterness of it.
Just as Roxanne was worrying about how she could get Estella to finish her medicine, Archie walked in. “Hurry up and drink your medicine, Essie. I'll give you a piece of candy once you finish it!”
He squatted down in front of Estella and waved his fist. Hesitating, Estella looked at Archie for a moment before opening her mouth and chugging the medicine. She then turned her head and looked at Archie expectantly.
Archie scratched his nose embarrassedly and said, “We ate all the candies earlier.” He had no choice but to lie to Estella just now. Otherwise, she wouldn't have finished her medicine.
Upon hearing that, Estella was slightly unhappy. However, she knew that the boy had done it for her health. Hence, she recomposed herself and gave Archie a smile.
Only then did Archie heave a sigh of relief and turn to check on Benny. It was way easier for Benny to take his medicine.
Since they were young, Archie and Benny had always hung around in the research institute. They had tried different traditional medicines as if they were just a snack.
Many of them were way more bitter than the traditional medicine they were having now. Roxanne nervously observed Benny's and Estella’s condition after they finished their medicine.
“How are both of you feeling?” Roxanne asked, concerned, as she did not notice anything amiss from both of them after some time.
Benny furrowed his brows and said, “I felt better when | just finished the medicine. Now, I’m starting to feel the pain again.” Just as he finished his words, Estella, who was at the side, couldn’t help but let out a groan.
She had more severe symptoms and was the first to finish her medicine, so Estella had started to feel the sharp pain in her stomach again a few minutes ago.
However, she endured the pain as she didn’t want the boys and Roxanne to be worried about her.
But the pain was getting more and more intense, and she couldn’t bear it anymore.
Roxanne’s heart ached, and she was slightly upset when she saw Estella acting tough.
“Let me know if you're in pain. You don’t need to force yourself to stand it.”
With that, she wrapped her arms around Estella.
The next second, Estella buried herself deeper into Roxanne’s arms like a weak kitten and held onto the latter's shoulders tightly.
Roxanne’s eyelashes quivered as she could sense the pain that Estella was holding in. She then lowered her eyes to check on Benny's condition.
Benny lifted his gaze to Roxanne and forced a smile to assure her. “Mommy, I’m fine.”
Her heart wrenched as she ruffled his hair and said, “You too. You don’t need to act strong for me.”
With that, Roxanne cuddled Benny closer with her other arm.
“We'll be driving back to the city now, and it'll take quite some time. Let me know if any one of you is in pain. Don’t hold it in by yourself.”
The children nodded obediently at her in response.
They exited the tent but didn’t have the time to pack their stuff.
Roxanne only told Archie to take the herbs she brought back just now, then got straight into the car and headed toward the city. However, Roxanne felt a wave of regret right when she tried to turn her car around. She shouldn’t have camped here.
The road was extremely narrow.
If Roxanne had been given more time, she would’ve been able to turn her car around and leave the place.
But now, she couldn't even think straight and wasn’t able to turn her car composedly. 
###Chapter 943
Chapter 943
Chapter 943 Something Bad Happened
Just as Roxanne was trying to keep her composure and leave the place as soon as possible, a few painful groans sounded from the backseat.
As panic swirled within her heart, she couldn’t control herself, and her limbs trembled from anxiousness. Before Roxanne could snap out of her daze, her car was speeding right toward a huge tree.
Her mind immediately went blank. Just as the car was about to crash into it, she finally snapped back to her senses and lifted her foot, which was flooring the gas pedal.
However, it was too late. The car slammed into the tree trunk, shaking violently at the impact. Immediately after that, the car engine died.
Estella and Benny, who were already experiencing terrible pain in their stomach, cried out loudly when they felt the violent jerk of the car. Tears flowed down their cheeks at the agony. “Mommy, are you okay?”
Archie had witnessed the entire thing play out. He immediately comforted Estella and Benny, then checked on Roxanne in concern. Roxanne’s hands were still shaking in fear.
Estella and Benny's sobs and Archie’s questions were sounding in her ears. However, Roxanne could only stare at the giant tree in front of her, which was still shaking due to the impact.
It had been so close. Something bad would've happened if she hadn’t regained her senses in time.
Not only did she fail to take good care of them, but now she couldn’t even bring them back home when they were already feeling unwell. She had even put them in danger. Roxanne couldn't help but blame herself. “Mommy!”
As Archie did not get a response to his question, he raised his voice in panic and urged, “Let’s go, Mommy!”
Regaining her composure, she took a deep breath to calm herself and assured him, “I’m okay. Please take care of Benny and Estella.”
With that, she lowered her gaze and tried to start the engine. To Roxanne’s dismay, the car engine rumbled before shutting off again. Her heart sank, and she tried to start the engine again.
However, it was to no avail. After a few tries, the car engine failed to even respond. Roxanne had no choice but to give up. It seemed like the car crash had damaged the engine.
In the backseat, Estella and Benny were still sobbing uncontrollably. Upon listening closely, Roxanne could even hear their voices wavering.
Roxanne’s heart wrenched along with their sobs. “I’m getting off the car to take a look,” she said. As soon as she finished speaking, she exited the car to see if she could try to fix it.
However, Roxanne didn’t know much about car mechanics. She tried to search online and examined her vehicle for a while, but she couldn't figure out how to fix it.
As time ticked away, Roxanne shut the hood of her car dejectedly. She then turned and walked toward the backseat door. Archie’s heart sank when he noticed his mother’s despondent mood. However, he opened the door calmly. “Mommy, how are things?”
Estella and Benny's sobbing traveled into Roxanne’s ears again the moment the car door was pushed open. Her eyelashes quivered when she heard their crying.
The children were already feeling unwell. If she were to show any sign of panic, it would only frighten them even more. With that in mind, Roxanne took a deep breath and smiled at them comfortingly.
“There’s some problem with the car, so it doesn’t work anymore. I'll go make a call first.” Archie nodded obediently in response and assured her, “I'll take care of Benny and Essie.” Seeing his mature and understanding behavior, Roxanne was touched. “Thank you, Darling.” If it weren’t for Archie, Roxanne wouldn't be able to stay calm in a situation like this.
It was not as if she had not been through thrilling situations like this in the past few years.
However, it was different this time. The thought of Benny and Estella being in pain made her lose her mind, and she was unable to keep her cool. 
###Chapter 944
Chapter 944
Chapter 944 Answering The Call Outside
Roxanne shut the door and gave Madilyn a call. It took a while before Madilyn answered. “Roxanne? Didn't you go camping? Is there something you need?”
It seemed pretty noisy on the other end of the line, so Roxanne asked, “What are you doing?” Madilyn sounded pained. “Don’t mention it. | was forced to work overtime again.”
As soon as she said that, the noise increased. Before Roxanne could say anything, Marilyn hurriedly added, “I need to get back to work. I'll call you later.”
She then hung up right away. Roxanne’s gaze turned dark as her phone screen dimmed. She didn’t call Marilyn back. After a brief hesitation, she tried calling Larry.
Larry picked up pretty quickly, but he was in another state and couldn’t be of help in time. Roxanne didn’t tell him anything despite his concern. She dismissed him with a few cursory words and hung up.
There was no time to explain things. Besides, she didn’t want to trouble them further. As her friends couldn't be of help, Roxanne couldn’t stop panic from rising in her heart.
At the same time, Archie observed her side profile and recalled the two calls she made earlier. He could somehow guess their current situation.
Mommy must have tried to ask for help but failed. With that thought in mind, Archie’s expression grew grim. “Daddy...” Estella was groggy from the pain, so she instinctively sought comfort.
Hearing his sister's voice, Archie had a thought in mind. He sneaked a look at his mother outside the car. Roxanne was scowling unhappily.
A brief moment later, Archie looked away and called Lucian using his smartwatch. In Farwell Group, Lucian was seated in the conference room, his face devoid of expression. A group of managers was sitting in front of him.
Herbscape Group’s acquisition was a success, so it was time to plan their collaboration with Queen Group. They had been holding meetings for the past two days to discuss this matter.
When the meeting was about to come to an end, Lucian’s phone suddenly vibrated. The conference room descended into silence as everyone turned their attention to the vibrating phone.
Lucian’s brows snapped together. He grabbed his phone and was about to reject the call when he noticed the caller ID. Archie? Why is he calling at this hour? Didn’t they go camping?
“Mr. Farwell, should | continue my presentation?” the manager who was presenting asked sheepishly.
Lucian’s gaze swept over him. “Go on.”
Hearing that, the manager nodded and did as told.
He had barely said a few words when his CEO interjected, “Stop. | need to take this call outside.”
Lucian was still worried, so he cut his employee short and strode out of the conference room without hesitation.
After watching him leave, the others in the conference room shared a look.
Previously, work was always Lucian’s top priority.
During meetings, if someone’s phone were to ring, kicking the person out of the conference room was considered a light punishment.
No one knew Lucian’s phone would ring when he was in the middle of a meeting one day.
The matter had happened more than once recently, but their CEO would head out to answer the call every time without fail! They couldn’t help but wonder who the person on the other end of the line was.
Outside the conference room, Lucian answered the call with a frown, oblivious to his employees’ thoughts.
“Mr. Farwell!” Archie’s voice rang out the moment the call connected.
Lucian thought he might be hearing things as Archie’s voice seemed to be trembling. 
###Chapter 945
Chapter 945
Chapter 945 What Medicine
His heart sank when the realization hit him. “What's wrong?” Archie glanced at Benny and Estella. “Are you free now? Can you come and pick us up?”
Lucian’s frown deepened. “Where is your mommy? What happened to you?” His first assumption was that something had happened to them. Otherwise, there was no reason for Archie to make that request.
A few seconds of silence ensued before Archie replied, during which Lucian heard someone sobbing in the background. This further affirmed his suspicion. “Our car hit a tree, and—"
Before Archie could explain Benny and Estella’s condition, Lucian cut in, “Are you all right? Are you badly hurt? I'll come to you right now!”
As he spoke, he strode toward the elevator quickly. Archie hurriedly explained, “We didn’t get hurt, but Benny and Essie are sick.”
Lucian was already inside the elevator when he heard that. Archie wanted to clarify further but thought he couldn’t make things clear. Thus, he said, “I'll ask Mommy to talk to you!”
He opened the door and hopped out. Dashing over to Roxanna, he removed his smartwatch and handed it to her.
When Roxanne saw Archie appearing beside her without warning, she instinctively took one look at the car. Archie’s here. That means Benny and Essie...
“What happened to them?” Suddenly, Lucian’s deep voice pulled her out of her reverie. Roxanne stiffened in shock. She belatedly noticed the smartwatch that Archie was offering her.
Archie had turned on the speaker mode, so Lucian’s voice sounded especially loud. She didn’t know what to reply after hearing his voice suddenly.
“Mommy!” Archie tugged at the hem of her clothes urgently.
Only then did Roxanne snap back to her senses. She tamped down the peculiar sensation in her heart and took the smartwatch from Archie. “I’m sorry for not taking good care of Essie,” she said apologetically.
Lucian’s gaze darkened a shade when he sensed something was amiss. Slowly, he probed, “What happened? Archie told me Benny and Essie are sick. Is that true?”
Strangely, Roxanne felt herself calming down upon hearing his voice. She explained, “They contracted a type of bacteria that caused them to suffer from severe abdominal pain. | was about to bring them back to the research institute to prepare their medicine, but | was too hasty and drove the car into a tree.”
Lucian’s voice was still calm. “Are they in a serious condition?”
Roxanne inclined her head. “I gave them herbs to ease their pain, but it isn’t working well.” She added, “I know how to treat them, but the medicinal herbs are at the research institute. | need to bring them there.”
Lucian’s brows scrunched up. “Where are you?” Roxanne told him their location.
“It's too far away, so it will take at least four hours to travel to and fro. Don’t forget you'll have to brew the medicine, too. Can they hold on for that long?” Lucian inquired. The same thought had also crossed Roxanne’s mind.
Initially, she planned on bringing the kids back to the research institute. She also considered asking Madilyn or Larry to head to the research institute and deliver the medicine to her instead.
They were both excellent doctors and knew the medicinal herbs well. Thus, Roxanne could trust them. That way, it wouldn’t take up too much time either.
Alas, they were busy and couldn’t be of help. She was stumped when Lucian offered, “What do you need? | can head to the research institute and deliver the medicinal herbs you need.” 
###Chapter 946
Chapter 946
Chapter 946 Panicking
Hearing his suggestion, Roxanne was almost convinced but remained hesitant.
After all, Lucian wasn’t in the medical industry. He couldn’t recognize many medicinal herbs. Besides, she also needed the exact dosage.
She couldn't afford the consequences of getting an incorrect dosage.
Lucian had already gotten into his car to start the engine. “I’m going to the research institute now. I'll call you when | arrive, so you need to think about what medicinal herbs you need now.”
Without waiting for a response, he cut the line and called Cayden. “Mr. Farwell, where are you? The meeting...”
Cayden felt an incoming headache when Lucian left without looking back, leaving the higher-ups waiting inside the conference room.
Lucian ordered, “Something else cropped up, so the meeting is adjourned. They can leave now.”
Cayden agreed hastily and entered the conference room to relay his orders.
After giving that order, Lucian hung up and sped toward the research institute.
Roxanne stared at the smartwatch in a daze. She knew there was no other way.
It soon occurred to her that the research institute might be empty as it was the weekend. Lucian might not even get in. She immediately called Colby.
When Colby answered her call, she didn’t even wait for him to greet her and went straight to the topic. “Dr. Galloway, where are you now?”
Confusion flashed across Colby’s eyes when he heard her question. Roxanne is calling me at this hour. Judging by her tone, did she realize | was the one behind the fire? With that thought in mind, Colby answered warily, “I’m at home. What is this about?”
“If possible, can you head to the research institute and open the door for Mr. Farwell? | need his help to get a few medicinal herbs,” Roxanne explained.
Colby relaxed slightly, but he dared not let his guard down. “Got it. I'll be there right away.” He then left his house and headed to the research institute without further delay.
| don’t get it. Why does Lucian have to come to the research institute in person to get the medicinal herbs? Roxanne must've discovered something about the fire and sent Lucian here to investigate with the excuse of getting medicinal herbs for her.
As that possibility occurred to him, Colby promptly sped up.
| cannot let Lucian find out what | did!
Twenty minutes later, Colby’s car arrived at the research institute.
There was a Bentley parked outside. Lucian, clad in a grey shirt, was heading to the entrance.
Colby’s heart sank at the sight. He quickly got out of the car and called out, “Mr. Farwell!”
Lucian halted in his tracks.
Colby hurried over to him. “Dr. Jarvis called me earlier to ask me to open the door for you.” He observed the man’s reaction when he spoke.
Lucian was frowning, looking as serious as ever.
Roxanne sounded anxious, so Benny and Essie must be in a dangerous condition.
Even someone like Lucian couldn’t keep his cool under such circumstances.
Seeing his expression, Colby couldn't help but grow more curious. Nevertheless, he didn’t reveal his true emotions and remained respectful.
“What medicinal herbs does Dr. Jarvis need? | can help you get them,” he offered. Lucian glanced at Colby as though he had just realized the latter was around. Colby forced himself to stay calm as he met Lucian’s gaze.
He assumed Lucian was about to say something to him. To his surprise, Lucian soon looked away. 
###Chapter 947
Chapter 947
Chapter 947 A Cold Glint
Lucian pulled out his phone to call Roxanne. “I’ve arrived,” he reported. Without thinking much, Roxanne rattled out the names of a bunch of medicinal herbs.
Lucian’s expression grew increasingly grim as she talked. | can understand her words and recognize some of the medicinal herbs. However, the rest eludes me.
Roxanne was in a hurry, so she belatedly realized that Lucian didn’t know some of the medicinal herbs only after she rattled out their names.
When realization struck, she forced herself to calm down. Slowly, she ordered, “Ask Dr. Galloway to bring you to the warehouse.” Lucian grunted in acquiescence and told Colby curtly, “The warehouse.”
He then looked away from Colby.
His indifference evoked a subtle frown from Colby. The latter then led Lucian into the warehouse.
“lm here,” Lucian told Roxanne.
Roxanne’s brows snapped together as she wondered how she could help Lucian gather the medicinal herbs she needed.
The researchers didn’t expect that a layman would enter their warehouse to get the medicinal herbs when they arranged the herbs, so there were no visible labels on the shelves.
They were in the middle of a dilemma when Colby broke the silence in a gentle voice. “Are you here to get the medicinal herbs? If you don’t mind, | can help you.”
The other two were surprised at his offer. Roxanne promptly regained her senses and told Lucian to put her on speaker. “Thank you, Dr. Galloway.” She told him the names of the medicinal herbs she needed quickly.
Colby arched his brow slightly and began retrieving the medicinal herbs she needed from the shelves without needing her to repeat herself.
The more medicinal herbs Colby gathered, the more he knew about the condition Roxanne wanted to treat. After retrieving all the medicinal herbs, Colby could finally confirm his guess. “Is it a bacterial infection?” Roxanne’s stress eased slightly after he gathered all the herbs she needed. “Yes. Thank you.”
Colby merely smiled in response and stated nonchalantly, “It’s an urgent matter. You should’ve asked for my help directly instead of going to Mr. Farwell.”
Roxanne was surprised to hear that. For a moment, she didn’t know how to reply.
Colby was just her colleague, and they weren't close to each other.
Previously, she thought of getting help from her good friends in the same industry as her. Nevertheless, the thought of asking for Colby’s help never occurred to her.
She couldn't be honest with Colby, though.
Fortunately, Colby didn’t force her to answer and said, “I need to adjust the dosage. I’ll do my best to hurry up.” Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief inwardly and thanked him. “Thank you for your help.”
Colby smiled in response.
Lucian’s gaze fell on Colby’s expression as a dark look appeared in his eyes.
Before they could say anything else, Lucian hung up.
Noticing his action, Colby lifted his head and glanced at him before shooting him an understanding smile.
He then returned his attention to measuring the herbs, his head bowed. A cold glint flashed across his eyes as his brows snapped together.
The fire that happened two days ago was pretty obvious. Roxanne should've gotten my hint, so she must've started to suspect Lucian. However, she still trusts him wholeheartedly. She’d rather ask him for help when an urgent situation cropped up than come to me! 
###Chapter 948
Chapter 948
Chapter 948 Extreme Pain
Jealousy surged within Colby’s heart. He had assumed Roxanne’s call was a result of her realizing something unusual about the fire. He did not expect it to be for this reason.
| have done so much, but still, Roxanne refuses to spare me even a glance! If that is the case, | don’t mind teaching her a lesson! With that thought in mind, Colby purposely slowed down and made slight mistakes along the way.
Since Roxanne was so anxious about the infected people, he wanted to make sure they suffered longer. That way, Roxanne would learn to find professionals to handle professional matters the next time.
For instance, he knew more about medicinal herbs than Lucian! “Is it not done yet?” Lucian asked as he looked at the time, furrowing his brows.
Colby raised his head indifferently. “The quantity of medicinal herbs used has to be very precise. | have to be careful when measuring them.”
Hearing that, Lucian suppressed the worry in his heart and fell silent. His brows drew together as he watched Colby’s every movement.
Colby felt his stare and reverted to his regular speed, afraid Lucian might suspect something. After he prepared the prescription, he glanced at the time. He had delayed the time by around half an hour.
Satisfaction flashed across Colby’s eyes, and he passed the medicinal herbs to Lucian. “It’s done. You should go, Mr. Farwell.” Lucian retracted his gaze and took the medicinal herbs. He uttered a word of thanks before leaving. Colby watched him leave with a sinister look.
One day, I'll make sure Roxanne only looks at me! No matter how exceptional Lucian or Jack is, they are only my steppingstones!
Back near the campsite, Roxanne did not know what was happening at the research institute as she waited anxiously for Lucian to arrive.
Benny and Estella were in so much pain they could hardly move anymore. They were also displaying signs of losing consciousness.
Archie was alarmed when he noticed their feeble conditions. “Mommy, are Benny and Essie going to be okay? They seem to be in so much pain...”
Roxanne suppressed her anxiety and patted Archie’s head. She reassured him, “Don’t worry. Mr. Farwell will be here soon.” Estella must have heard them talking about Lucian as she opened her eyes weakly and extended her hand toward Roxanne.
Roxanne instantly lifted the little girl into her arms. Then, she began to tenderly stroke Estella’s back as she murmured soothing words.
Meanwhile, Archie massaged Benny's stomach gently.
The sky was turning dark as the four of them waited in the car anxiously.
Suddenly, they saw a bright light from afar.
Archie’s eyes lit up. “Mommy, Mr. Farwell is here!”
Besides Lucian, Archie could not think of anyone else who would come here at this time.
The light soon enveloped their surroundings.
Roxanne was still carrying Estella in her arms as she glanced in the direction of the light.
When she saw the familiar Bentley, she heaved a sigh of relief.
Lucian was finally here.
Soon, the car stopped beside them. Lucian got out of the car with a bag of medicinal herbs.
“Mr. Farwell!”
Archie ran over to him excitedly.
Lucian patted Archie’s head with a grim expression, and they quickly made their way over to where Roxanne was.
Lucian was only wearing a thin shirt, even though it was a chilly night.
Roxanne finally calmed down when she saw the man in front of her. Despite that, it still took her a while to snap back to reality.
Lucian’s gaze moved from her to Benny and Estella. 
###Chapter 949
Chapter 949
Chapter 949 Great Sense Of Security
“I'll go brew the medicine.” Roxanne jolted back to her senses and took the medicinal herbs from him. However, just as she moved to get out of the car, Estella instinctively grabbed tighter to her clothes in her unconscious state.
As she was sick, Estella innately wanted to be close to someone who provided her with a sense of security. It was evident that Roxanne was such a person to the little girl.
Roxanne froze upon noticing Estella’s movement. In the end, she did not let go of the girl, who remained in her arms. With Estella in one hand and the bag of medicine in the other, she got out of the car.
“Can you help me look after Benny, Mr. Farwell?” As she spoke, she glanced at Benny, who was still sitting in the car. Before Lucian could say anything, Archie promised, “I'll take good care of Benny!”
Roxanne smiled when she heard that. She then carried Estella toward the direction of the tent. She could only head there to brew the medicine, as all their equipment was placed near the tent.
Lucian stared at Roxanne’s retreating figure with a complicated expression. A second later, Benny caught his attention. “Mommy...”
Benny was already fading out of consciousness from the pain. However, he still called out as he felt his mother leave him.
As he muttered, his hand reached out in the direction of where Roxanne was previously sitting. However, his hand grasped empty air.
The next second, Benny sniffled pitifully and placed his hand back on his stomach. His pained expression made Lucian frown. After a moment of hesitation, he shifted Benny into his arms.
Benny instinctively extended his hand to grab Lucian’s shirt. Lucian’s heart softened when he saw Benny's reliant action. Archie watched enviously at the sight of Lucian embracing Benny.
| also want to be hugged by Daddy like this...
With Benny in his embrace, Lucian glanced at the tent and saw that Roxanne was already brewing the medicine. He said to Archie, “Let’s go over there.”
Archie was still immersed in his thoughts and did not reply to him immediately.
Lucian thought Archie was worrying about Benny and raised his other hand to pat the boy on his head. Then, he bent down to take Archie’s hand.
Archie finally snapped back to reality. His eyes lit up when he realized his hand was being held by Lucian. He then followed the man obediently to where Roxanne was.
Roxanne was sitting near the tent with Estella in her arms. The girl was trembling slightly, but Roxanne did not know if it was because of the pain or the cold. Roxanne stood up upon seeing that. She wanted to find a piece of clothing from the tent for Estella to wear. As soon as she got
up, she saw Lucian walking over with the two boys. “Is the medicine done?”
It took her a few seconds to regain her senses before she answered him, “We need to wait for another half an hour.” With that, she directed her concerned gaze to Benny.
Her heart clenched when she noticed Benny was gripping Lucian’s expensive shirt. Lucian must give Benny a great sense of security for the latter to have such a reliant action. Does Benny miss having a father?
At that moment, Roxanne felt like revealing the truth to Lucian. As she was contemplating, Benny’s murmur broke the silence. “Daddy...”
Benny tightened his grip on Lucian’s shirt. It feels like Daddy’s embrace...
Benny was in so much pain he had lost consciousness. He did not know his mutter had led to tremendous shock for the two adults who heard it. 
###Chapter 950
Chapter 950
Chapter 950 Sadness
Archie also grew nervous upon hearing his brother's voice. If Mommy finds out that we knew about our father a long time ago and were just hiding it from her, would she be upset?
In reality, Roxanne had not even considered this possibility. Even though she was still considering whether to reveal the truth about their background to her children a moment ago, she regained her senses right after she heard Benny’s voice.
She was not ready yet. At that thought, Roxanne pinched herself to snap out of it as she looked calmly at Lucian. “You can pass Benny to me. He must be frightened.”
Roxanne moved closer to Lucian and passed Estella to him. “Estella must miss her father too.” Lucian furrowed his brows at Roxanne. She seems to be acting strangely today.
However, he did not think much of it as he passed Benny to her. Estella seemed to realize she had left Roxanne’s embrace and murmured in dissatisfaction.
Benny also frowned in disappointment upon leaving Lucian’s embrace. Roxanne glanced at Lucian’s chest, which was where Benny had been grabbing onto a moment ago.
There was an evident crease mark on the shirt where Benny’s fingers had clutched it. “Sorry. Benny was—”
Lucian’s clothes were expensive, so Roxanne subconsciously tried to apologize on Benny's behalf. Before she could finish her sentence, Lucian interrupted, “Why are you two fine?”
Especially Archie. They must have eaten and drunk the same things, so why are Estella and Benny in so much pain while Archie seems fine?
Roxanne was stunned by the sudden change in subject. Archie was the first to react. He answered in an adorable voice, “Benny and Essie finished all the water in their cups. | only drank a sip!”
Lucian was baffled as he did not know what water Archie was talking about.
Roxanne jolted back to her senses and explained, “The water was prepared beforehand, and they all drank it during lunch. There was no problem then. However, they suddenly got a stomachache when they drank it again in the afternoon.”
Roxanne was filled with remorse thinking about it. “It’s my fault. Archie told me the water tasted funny when he drank it, but | didn’t think much of it.”
If only | had been more careful and checked all their cups, Benny and Estella wouldn't be sick now. Lucian’s gaze darkened as he glanced at Estella. Under the moonlight, Estella’s face was extremely pale, and there was no color in her lips. She was clearly in much agony. He
would have flown into a rage if someone else had put Estella in such a situation.
However, Lucian only frowned at Roxanne and comforted her in his deep voice, “It’s not your fault. It’s as you said. They all drank it during lunch, and the water was fine then.”
They should be more concerned with what happened after. Archie chimed in, “Mommy, don’t blame yourself, or Benny and Essie will be sad when they find out.”
Roxanne was touched, and some of her guilt abated when she heard their comforting words. As time ticked away, the medicine was finally ready.
Roxanne placed Benny down at the side and took out the cups to pour the medicine for Estella and Benny. 
###Chapter 951
Chapter 951
Chapter 951 A Dream
Although Archie didn’t exhibit obvious symptoms, Roxanne still poured a cup of medicine for him. Archie took the cup and looked at her worriedly. “Aren’t you going to drink some, Mommy?” | remember Mommy had some water from my cup as well.
After hearing Archie’s words, Lucian stared at the woman in front of him with a darkened gaze. He only knew the children had consumed the contaminated water, but he had just found out that Roxanne had consumed it, too. Moreover, she was pretending as if she didn’t do so.
“| just had a sip, so I’m fine,” Roxanne comforted Archie with a smile. Archie glanced at his mother worriedly again before looking at Lucian. Mommy might not listen to me, but she might listen to Daddy.
Upon meeting Archie’s gaze, Lucian said in a deep voice, “You should drink some medicine, just in case.” While speaking, he picked up a new paper cup from the side and handed it to Roxanne.
Having no other choice, Roxanne accepted the cup and poured the remaining traditional medicine into the cup. After downing the medicine in one go, she carefully fed the medicine to Benny—who was being held in her arms.
Benny was still slightly conscious and knew that Roxanne was feeding him some medicine. Cooperatively, he drank the medicine sip by sip.
As soon as Benny drank the hot medicine, a warm feeling rose in his stomach, suppressing the pain he was experiencing just now. Soon, his expression became relaxed.
After feeding Benny some medicine, Roxanne asked with concern, “How are you feeling right now?”
Benny grinned obediently. “Thank you, Mommy. | feel so much better now.”
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief before turning around to look at Estella—who was in Lucian’s arms.
Estella still had her eyes closed and seemed to be in a weak state while Lucian was feeding her the medicine carefully. However, Lucian obviously didn’t know how to take care of the child, and most of the medicine was spilled.
As for the remaining medicine, it was being spat out by Estella instinctively, as it was too bitter.
Seeing how uncooperative Estella was, Lucian knitted his brows tightly. He felt anxious and sorry at the same time.
“Let me do it instead.” Roxanne could no longer stand by and watch. Hence, she reached out to take the cup from his hand. Lucian lifted his head and glanced at her. In the end, he said nothing and merely handed her the cup.
Compared to him, Roxanne’s movements were way gentler, and she slowly fed Estella the medicine.
This time, although Estella would still spit out some medicine, she still consumed a fair amount of it. Regardless, it was way better than when Lucian was feeding her.
After Estella had finished the medicine, she gradually woke up.
As soon as she opened her eyes, she saw Roxanne’s worried face and called out softly, “Ms. Jarvis...”
Upon hearing Estella’s cute voice, Roxanne finally felt a sense of relief. At the same time, she teared up uncontrollably. It was fortunate that Lucian delivered the medicine to them on time. If not, the children might have suffered even more. “How are you feeling?” Lucian asked in a low voice.
Since Estella was still ina daze, she thought she was dreaming when she heard Lucian’s voice. When she raised her eyes and saw him, she stared at him in confusion before saying, “Daddy?”
Arare tender expression appeared on Lucian’s face as he responded with a deep hum. Feeling puzzled, Estella tilted her head. “Why are you here?” | remember Daddy telling us he wouldn’t come here with us.
Lucian patted her head gently and replied, “Archie told me you guys are sick, so I’m here to deliver some medicine to you.” 
###Chapter 952
Chapter 952
Chapter 952 We Looked Like A Family
After hearing Lucian’s explanation, Estella finally understood the situation and responded with an obedient nod.
“Did you have fun today?” Lucian stopped asking about her sickness and began talking about the camping trip in an attempt to divert her attention.
As expected, the mention of the camping trip diverted Estella’s attention instantly. “I had tons of fun!”
Then, she curled up her fingers one by one, counting the events that happened that day, as if she was worried that her father wouldn't believe her simple remark. “Ms. Jarvis gifted me a lovely flower wreath, and we had a delicious barbecue. Also, Benny and Archie gifted me some beautiful pebbles!”
It seemed like Estella had encountered endless joyful events that day. After recalling all the happy occasions she had experienced that day, her stomachache didn’t seem to be so serious anymore.
Lucian’s expression softened as he listened to Estella recount her experiences throughout the day. Roxanne did a body check-up on the children again.
She had done some research on this bacterium before. Therefore, the traditional medicine she made was the right treatment for the sickness, and the effect of the medicine was immediate.
After checking the children over and confirming that they had been cured, Roxanne finally felt a sense of relief. She turned around and looked at the man next to her. “It’s late. Let's go back now.”
Lucian nodded casually. Just when he was about to get up, Archie spoke sweetly while staring at the adults with anticipation. “Mommy, can we not go home so soon? We haven't stayed overnight in the tent yet!”
With that, he tugged on the corner of Roxanne’s clothing with one hand and pointed at the night sky with another. “Look! The sky is so beautiful tonight!”
Upon facing her son’s hopeful gaze, Roxanne hesitated for a split second before becoming adamant again. “No, we can’t stay here. Benny and Essie just recovered from their illness, so they must go home and rest. I'll bring you here again next time.”
Roxanne didn’t want to stay, not only because the children had just recovered from their sickness but also because she didn’t want to face Lucian for an entire night.
Upon being rejected by Roxanne, Archie looked disappointed. He then turned around and shot Benny and Estella a look. Benny and Estella instantly understood Archie’s signal.
With a pitiful look, Estella tugged at Lucian’s expensive shirt. “Daddy, I’m so tired.”
Meanwhile, Benny frowned and pressed his palm on his stomach. “Mommy, | think my stomach still aches a little...”
The children had always been good at acting. Moreover, after all the incidents that happened that day, Roxanne naturally wouldn't overthink their remarks.
Roxanne wavered upon hearing that Benny’s stomach was still aching. Benny has been sick for the entire afternoon. Now that he’s finally feeling better, it won’t be worth it if we travel on the bumpy mountain road and make him ill again.
Bearing that thought in mind, she gave up on her initial decision and changed her mind. “If that’s the case, we shall rest here for the night.”
Upon gaining her agreement, the children shifted their gazes to Lucian at the side.
Naturally, Lucian prioritized the children’s health and agreed to the suggestion nonchalantly.
Then, the two adults settled the three children in the tent.
Looking at the space that had just been emptied, a hint of hesitation appeared on Roxanne’s face. Besides the tent, there seemed to be no other areas suitable for resting.
Yet, when she imagined Lucian sleeping next to her and the children, she felt slightly weirded out by the thought. That will make us look like an actual family...
While she was contemplating what to do, Lucian’s deep voice sounded beside her ears. “You should get some rest. I'll go sleep in the car.” With that, he got up and left the tent. 
###Chapter 953
Chapter 953
Chapter 953 Should Not Have Asked
Archie, Benny, and Estella stared at Lucian’s retreating back before exchanging a look. All three of them felt exceedingly reluctant to see him leave.
We plotted and schemed to have them agree to stay the night here so that an opportunity for them to spend time together could be created. But if Daddy were to leave for real now, our efforts would've been in vain! Besides, he’s tall, and the car is cramped, so it'd be an utter torment for him to sleep in the car!
Their brains whirred at warp speed as they tried to come up with an idea that would have Lucian change his mind.
At the same time, Roxanne’s eyes flickered as she watched the man’s figure fade into the distance. “Let's just squeeze a little and make do with the space.”
Ultimately, she couldn’t help saying that when he had almost disappeared from her line of sight. The instant her words rang out, Lucian halted in his tracks and glanced back over his shoulder.
Roxanne dipped her eyes. “You can’t stretch your limbs out in the car, so you'll definitely end up horribly sore after spending a night there. There’s room in the tent anyway, and it’s far more comfortable than the car. If you don’t mind, Mr. Farwell, we can just make do for a night.”
Although she didn’t want to face him, she knew he would undoubtedly suffer if he were to sleep in the car, considering his height.
On top of that, she was at fault for the situation then. He merely came over to help, and it made no sense for her to deprive him of having a good night's sleep.
Never had it crossed the children’s mind that she would take the initiative and ask him to stay. They were stunned for a few seconds before they hastily seconded Roxanne.
“| want to sleep with you, Daddy!” Estella whined, stretching her arms out at Lucian.
Likewise, Archie and Benny urged in juvenile voices, “Sleep with us, Mr. Farwell! We're a bit scared.” Lucian’s gaze swept over the few of them, only to stop on Roxanne’s face in the end.
In all honesty, he hadn’t expected her to propose that he stay either.
When Roxanne sensed his gaze, her eyelashes quivered. She raised her eyes and flashed him an airy smile to convey her sincerity.
Seeing that she hadn’t made that offer out of courtesy, Lucian frowned slightly. He spun around and walked into the tent, plopping down on the other side of the children.
At his return, a glimmer of craftiness glinted in the children’s eyes.
Soon, Roxanne’s gentle voice drifted into their ears. “It’s late, so hurry up and sleep.”
Upon hearing that, the children closed their eyes in contentment.
Awhile later, Estella opened her eyes and cast her gaze in Roxanne’s direction pitifully.
“| can’t sleep. Will you tell me a story, Ms. Jarvis?”
At that moment, Roxanne was lying on her side next to the children, waiting for them to doze off before she did so herself. Thus, she agreed to Estella’s request without any hesitation and started narrating a fairytale softly.
In that instant, it was utterly silent in the tent, with only her melodic voice drifting into the air.
Asmall night light was turned on in the tent, but the lighting was dim.
Sitting on the other side of the tent, Lucian enigmatically fixated his eyes on the children in front of him and the woman telling them a story under the subdued lighting.
The children were adorable and well-behaved, whereas Roxanne’s voice was gentle and warm.
Anyone who witnessed such a scene would unequivocally find it incredibly heart-warming, Lucian included. As the story drew to an end, his gaze visibly turned tender.
An indeterminate time passed before the three children slowly fell asleep.
Listening to the sound of their even breathing, Roxanne carefully lay down.
Alas, sleep didn’t come even after a long while had passed.
Despite the children acting as a barrier between her and Lucian, she still couldn’t ignore the man’s presence.
In fact, regret crept into her. Ugh! | shouldn’t have asked him to stay when he wanted to leave earlier! 
###Chapter 954
Chapter 954 A Deliberate Act Of Sabotage
After Archie, Benny, and Estella had dozed off, Roxanne turned off the small night light in the tent. Consequently, the tent was pitch-dark right then, and she had no idea whether Lucian was asleep on the other side.
She lay still, trying to calm her racing thoughts. The presence of Lucian so close by was making it difficult for her to relax. She turned over quietly, careful not to wake the children, and tried to find a comfortable position.
On the other side, Lucian was also wide awake. He couldn't stop thinking about the day's events and Roxanne's unexpected offer to let him stay in the tent. He was grateful but also deeply troubled by the underlying tension between them. He stared into the darkness, listening to the soft breathing of the children, and his mind wandered back to the reason they were all here together.
Earlier in the day, they had all gone on a camping trip, organized as a way to strengthen the bond between them and the children. It had been a fun and relaxing day, but now, lying in the dark tent, the unresolved issues between him and Roxanne seemed to loom larger than ever.
Roxanne turned over once more, and Lucian could hear her soft sigh. He knew she was still awake and probably feeling as restless as he was. He decided to break the silence.
"Roxanne," he whispered, careful not to wake the children.
There was a moment of silence before she responded, her voice equally soft, "Yes?"
"I wanted to thank you for letting me stay. I know it's not easy for you."
Roxanne sighed again, this time louder. "It's fine, Lucian. It's for the kids. They need to see us getting along, even if it's just for a night."
Lucian felt a pang of guilt. He knew that their strained relationship was affecting the children, and he wished things could be different. "I know. And I appreciate it."
There was another stretch of silence, during which Roxanne tried to gather her thoughts. She knew that they needed to talk, to clear the air between them, but it was hard to know where to start.
Finally, she spoke again, her voice trembling slightly. "Lucian, about what happened with Archie and Benny... I'm really worried. I don't want them to get hurt because of our problems."
Lucian's jaw tightened. He felt the same way, but he wasn't sure how to reassure her. "I promise I'll do everything I can to keep them safe. I'm already investigating what happened. We'll get to the bottom of it."
Roxanne nodded, even though he couldn't see her in the dark. "I hope so. They mean the world to me."
"I know," Lucian said softly. "They mean a lot to me too."
They fell silent again, each lost in their own thoughts. Eventually, the exhaustion of the day caught up with them, and they both drifted off to sleep, though it was a restless and uneasy sleep.
The next morning, the children woke up early, excited to continue their camping adventure. Roxanne and Lucian, despite their lack of sleep, put on brave faces and joined in the children's enthusiasm. They packed up the tent and gathered their things, ready to head back home.
On the way back, Lucian's phone buzzed with a message. He glanced at it and saw that it was from his security team. They had found new evidence that could lead to the person who had orchestrated the attack on Archie and Benny.
"Roxanne," he said, catching her attention. "I think we might have a lead on who was behind the attack."
Roxanne's eyes widened in surprise and relief. "Really? Who?"
Lucian hesitated, not wanting to jump to conclusions. "It's still early, but we're looking into someone who might have had a motive. I'll keep you updated."
Roxanne nodded, feeling a mix of hope and anxiety. She just wanted this whole ordeal to be over so that they could all move on with their lives.
As they drove back, the tension between Roxanne and Lucian seemed to have eased slightly. They were both determined to find the truth and protect the children, even if it meant putting aside their differences for the time being.
By the time they reached home, the children were tired but happy, their spirits lifted by the adventure. Roxanne and Lucian exchanged a look of understanding. They knew that there was still a long way to go, but for now, they had a common goal: to ensure the safety and happiness of Archie, Benny, and Estella.
###Chapter 955
Chapter 955
Chapter 955 Her Heart Lodged In Her Throat
Roxanne wasn’t at all surprised by Lucian’s statement. After all, the culprit who added the bacteria into the children’s water put Estella through great agony.
Considering her importance to the man, it was only natural that he was determined to punish the culprit. “Are you still not planning on changing your mind despite the incident this time?” Lucian queried out of the blue, making little sense. Roxanne’s thoughts were still on the culprit who added the bacteria, so she was somewhat perplexed when she heard that question.
Without bothering to wait for her reply, Lucian added, “Benny instinctively called out for his father while in a semi-conscious state. If | remember correctly, the same thing happened previously.”
Back then, they were all infected by the bacteria on Estella. Archie and Benny first itched all over before running a high fever. When Benny was semi-conscious, he also asked for his father in a mutter.
At the mention of that matter, Roxanne’s heart clenched. Biting the bullet, she countered, “He has been lacking fatherly love for a long time now, so that’s nothing out of the ordinary.”
Despite knowing that Benny was merely talking in his sleep, she still couldn’t help feeling guilty. She instinctually thought that the man only put that question to her all of a sudden because he discovered her secret. But then, the next words out of his mouth caught her completely off guard.
“That’s precisely why I’m talking about this. You can also see how much they yearn for fatherly love, yet you still plan to continue depriving them of it?”
While saying that, Lucian stared at her meaningfully. Without needing him to spell it out further, Roxanne instantly caught his drift.
In other words, he was telling her in a roundabout way that he was willing to be Archie and Benny's father, thus seeking her opinion on the matter.
He had asked a similar question countless times, but she was still panicked as usual.
Her eyes alighted on the man beside her briefly before she hurriedly averted her gaze.
“I'm not the only one with the final say in this matter. I’ll respect their opinions.”
After saying that, Roxanne got to her feet in feigned calmness. “I’m a tad sleepy, so I’m going in to rest first.” Not even daring to turn back, she went back into the tent to avoid the man behind her once more.
Meanwhile, Lucian studied her retreating back, his gaze dark and unfathomable.
Naturally, he could tell that she was avoiding him.
In fact, he could already imagine that she would react in such a manner when he voiced that utterance just now.
Nonetheless, he was still inexorably frustrated to personally witness her evasion of him.
Verily, he didn’t know how much longer such a cat-and-mouse relationship between them could last. In the tent, Roxanne gingerly returned to her spot earlier.
Before lying down, she meticulously checked on the children. Only when she had ascertained that she didn’t awaken them did she lie down with peace of mind.
As she listened to their even breathing, turmoil brewed within her. Needless to say, she wasn’t sleepy at all. Even as she lay in the tent then, she didn’t feel a hint of drowsiness.
She simply didn’t know how to face that question by Lucian and made an excuse at random, ending up back in the tent to avoid him. Before, she left the tent to avoid him.
Yet, she went back in right then for the same reason. Thinking of that, she couldn't help finding her actions hilarious. On second thought, Lucian has probably figured out why | went in and out of the tent. | wonder what he’s thinking right now...
At the possibility that he might enter the tent again, her heart lodged in her throat. Surprisingly, there was no movement from outside, even after she had waited for an indeterminate time.
Drowsiness finally hit her, and she groggily fell asleep. 
###Chapter 956
Chapter 956
Chapter 956 Discovered Something
By the time Roxanne woke up, the sun was already high in the sky.
As soon as she opened her eyes, she saw Archie, Benny, and Estella eyeballing her earnestly in a file.
“Mommy!”
“Ms. Jarvis!”
Seeing that she had awakened, the children greeted her in unison and threw themselves at her while giggling away. At the sight of the three soothing countenances, Roxanne’s heart melted in a flash.
She reached out and stroked their heads before slowly sitting up.
Since she had just awoken, she was still a tad disorientated. She couldn't shake off the feeling that she had seemingly forgotten something.
Be that as it may, the three children in front of her gave her no time to ponder upon that.
“How are you guys feeling?” Roxanne scrutinized them in concern.
Last night, she thought they would have recovered after ingesting the medicine.
Unexpectedly, Benny still felt unwell. That was the only reason she agreed to let them stay overnight.
| wonder how much they’ve have recovered now.
At her question, Benny flashed her a guilty smile. “I’m fine now. I’m feeling much better after a good night’s sleep!”
Still worried, Roxanne checked the children over again and ascertained that there were no problems before dropping the matter. Just when she let go of their hands, Estella’s stomach started growling all of a sudden.
It wasn’t until then that she remembered that they hadn’t eaten much when they took ill last night.
But | never expected us to spend the night here and neglected to prepare sufficient food. There’s still food left from yesterday, but it isn’t fresh anymore. On top of that, | don’t dare to feed them anything | brought after the incident last night.
Following that line of thought, she got up without hesitation. “Let's go back.”
While saying that, she took the lead and walked out of the tent.
No sooner had Roxanne stepped out than she caught sight of the Bentley, whose headlights were already turned off, a stone’s throw away.
In a flash, memories of the events that transpired last night flooded her mind.
It belatedly occurred to her that she had no idea where Lucian had gone.
At the thought of the man, she inevitably recalled the question from him before she went to sleep last night.
For a moment, her mind turned chaotic once again.
By the time she snapped back to reality, Lucian was already standing before her, checking on the children’s condition with his head lowered.
“Daddy! Where did you go?” Estella regarded her father with curiosity etched across her features.
When she saw no signs of him upon waking up early in the morning, she thought he had already gone back.
Patting her on the head, Lucian started in a deep voice, “I’ve got something to discuss with Ms. Jarvis. Go and play in the tent for a while with Archie and Benny.”
He didn’t ask about their condition.
Roxanne might be in the dark about the children’s act yesterday, but he saw right through it.
It was obvious to him that they merely wanted to create an opportunity for him and Roxanne to interact.
Although Estella was puzzled about that instruction, she still agreed obediently.
At the side, Roxanne’s nerves stretched tautly, and she eyed the man in front of her warily.
If he wants to continue speaking of the topic yesterday, | really don’t know how | should respond.
Her thoughts were clearly written on her face.
Aglimpse of her expression had Lucian’s gaze dimming, but he ultimately didn’t put his emotions on display, merely stating, “I discovered something. Come and have a look.”
Seemingly without thinking about it, Roxanne got the message that his so-called discovery had to do with the bacteria.
At that realization, she put her wariness away. Nodding solemnly, she followed behind him. 
###Chapter 957
Chapter 957
Chapter 957 Contact Me Immediately
“Have you and the kids been here?”
Lucian came to a stop under a gigantic tree.
Stopping with him, Roxanne looked around before shaking her head. “No.”
That tree was located at the edge of the woods.
Yesterday, she had been with Archie, Benny, and Estella in the woods or by the waterfall. As such, they indeed hadn't been to that particular spot.
Nodding in understanding, Lucian motioned for her to take a look at the bottom of the tree. Roxanne followed his gaze and took a closer look, upon which she made out a vague footprint. From the looks of it, it obviously belonged to an adult.
As the footprints moved toward the edge of the grassy area, they grew increasingly faint.
Therefore, she had no way of knowing whether the owner of those footprints had gone anywhere near the tent.
However, it was certain that someone else was there yesterday other than her and the children.
In fact, that person had been watching from the side while she was playing with the children.
That realization had a wave of fear washing over Roxanne.
“Someone is following you guys. That aside, the person is very experienced,” Lucian concluded.
After all, it was clear as day that the footprint was left when someone jumped down from the tree.
Who exactly would go to such lengths to stalk her?
He really couldn't come up with an answer, so he asked directly, “Who do you think would want to keep tabs on you guys?” Frowning, Roxanne shook her head.
| can’t think of anyone I’ve offended recently. If I’ve got to name someone, he’s probably the only person. Besides, it was over business matters to boot. But it obviously can’t be him who did such a thing. Apart from him...
Out of the blue, a conjecture flashed across her mind.
She reflexively lifted her eyes and glanced at the man before her, for the answer in her mind was inextricably linked to him. “What, you've got the answer?” Lucian’s gaze had been fixated on her face, so he naturally didn’t miss her eyes on him. Roxanne was slightly stunned, but in the end, she suppressed the suspicion she harbored and shook her head calmly. “No.” Before having any definite evidence, she didn’t want to accuse anyone blindly.
Lucian leveled a hard stare at her in an attempt to glean something from her countenance.
Judging from her expression earlier, she has clearly thought of something. But for some unknown reason, she didn’t give voice to it.
Roxanne could almost sense his tangible gaze on her face.
She lowered her eyes in feigned calmness to avoid his stare. “We should go back. The kids are all starving.”
Since she wasn’t planning on saying anything, Lucian didn’t bother pressing the issue. He merely nodded noncommittally. Roxanne furtively breathed a sigh of relief and followed behind him, heading toward the direction of the tent.
“Before that person is found, I'll arrange for some men to protect you and the kids,” Lucian stated on the way back.
Hearing that, Roxanne frowned, and she instinctively wanted to decline.
Verily, she didn’t want someone keeping tabs on her.
But on second thought, having bodyguards keeping tabs on me in the open is far better than being secretly watched by the person yesterday.
With that in mind, Roxanne ultimately relented, “Thank you.”
“You've also got to pay more attention to your surroundings during this time. If you discover anything out of place, contact me immediately,” Lucian ordered.
Roxanne agreed to them all.
When they returned to the tent, the children weren’t playing but sitting in a row, gazing in the direction where they had left. At the sight of the couple, their eyes lit up, and they trotted up to them. 
###Chapter 958
Chapter 958
Chapter 958 Entrust Her To You
Roxanne and Lucian packed the tent before putting away all the camping equipment with Archie, Benny, and Estella. Then, they all made the trip back by taking Lucian’s car.
They left Roxanne’s car at the camping site, having hired a garage to tow it away.
When they arrived at Roxanne’s house, Roxanne alighted from the car with Archie and Benny.
Getting out of the car as well, Lucian helped them to retrieve their things from the trunk.
After taking everything, Roxanne bid Lucian and Estella farewell, planning to bring Archie and Benny back into the house. “Ms. Jarvis...”
Making for a petite figure beside Lucian, Estella reached out and grabbed the hem of Roxanne’s shirt.
After being with Roxanne, Archie, and Benny for a day and a night, she couldn’t bear to part with them just like that.
Her voice melted Roxanne’s heart. Roxanne dipped her eyes and stroked her head.
“Are you hungry, Essie? Come in and have some food.”
As her stomach has been grumbling since she woke up early in the morning, she must be famished now.
Estella’s eyes lit up, and she joyfully leaned close to Roxanne.
Subsequently, Roxanne lifted her eyes and looked at the man in front of her. “Would you like to eat something together, Mr. Farwell?”
Although she didn’t know how to face Lucian, it was undeniable that he had helped them tremendously. Thus, she had no reason to give him the boot.
She initially thought that he would agree readily, considering his temperament.
Unexpectedly, Lucian didn’t reply to her invitation instantly. Instead, his brows knitted together.
After waiting for some time, Roxanne couldn't help finding it strange.
From his reaction, my invitation seemed to have blindsided him.
“Let's have breakfast before leaving, Daddy!” Estella seconded in a juvenile voice.
Archie and Benny likewise clamored enthusiastically, “Eat with us, Mr. Farwell!”
Only then did Lucian decline in a deep voice, “No, thanks. | still got some matters to handle.”
| dismissed the meeting yesterday halfway, so I’ve got to go back and finish the meeting. Additionally, I've got to spend time ferreting out the culprit who made a move against the kids.
At once, his demurral had the children’s faces fall in disappointment.
Roxanne patted Archie and Benny on their heads in consolation. When her eyes alighted on Estella, she appeared to waver slightly.
What should | do about Essie when Lucian wants to leave immediately?
Just when she planned on offering to drive Estella back later, Lucian’s voice drifted into the air once more.
“Do you mind having Essie stay at your place for two days, Ms. Jarvis?”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne and the three children were all taken aback.
Ever since Lucian took Estella away from Roxanne’s house, Estella never stayed over anymore, either because Roxanne had some concerns or Lucian forbade it.
Several times, Roxanne relented due to Estella’s tears, yet Lucian never did.
For that reason, they never expected the man to voluntarily suggest it this time.
Even Estella couldn’t quite believe her ears. She gingerly tugged on the hem of her father’s shirt.
“Can | really stay at Ms. Jarvis’ house, Daddy?”
Lowering his eyes and meeting her gaze, Lucian nodded impassively.
Thereafter, he raised his eyes to Roxanne, who had yet to gather her wits about her, and elaborated, “I’m not sure whether she had healed completely. | think I'll rest easier to entrust her to you.”
Still, Roxanne was hesitant to agree to it. “But...”
She feared that the person yesterday meant to target her, and Estella would be dragged into the mess again.
Nevertheless, Lucian interrupted her with a frown, “I'll send some men to keep an eye on things. If there’s anything unusual, my men will contact me posthaste.”
In other words, he was telling her not to worry. 
###Chapter 959
Chapter 959
Chapter 959 Spend The Night Outside
At the side, Estella had her head lifted and gazed at Roxanne, looking hopeful.
Roxanne’s gaze flickered. Only after obtaining Lucian’s promise did she forcibly suppress the worry within her.
“Got it. I'll take good care of Essie for the next few days.”
Lucian indifferently inclined his head a fraction in acknowledgment. Shortly after, he took his leave and left.
Roxanne watched as his car disappeared into the distance before bringing Archie, Benny, and Estella into the mansion. All three children were already starving to the point that their stomachs growled incessantly.
Without tarrying, Roxanne prepared some quick and easy breakfast to fill their stomachs first.
After having breakfast, she had the children play by themselves while she stood up and went into the study.
She simply couldn't sit back and do nothing about the person who used the bacteria on the children.
Worse still, Lucian left Estella at her place. Hence, she wanted to catch the culprit as soon as possible to eliminate the potential dangers around the children.
As far as she knew, not every research institute was capable of manufacturing that bacteria.
In the whole of Horington, only a handful of research institutes possessed that capability.
Therefore, she only needed to focus on investigating those few research institutes.
At that thought, she made calls to the researchers she was acquainted with to inquire about the amount of that bacteria their research institutes had developed recently and their uses. Throughout it all, she researched some information on the internet. She made several calls in a row, but all the answers she received matched.
That was to say, their bacteria hadn't been taken out of the research institute.
Roxanne’s gaze fell on the remaining few research institutes.
She hadn’t any acquaintances in those few research institutes, so it would take her some effort to investigate them.
While she was contemplating how she should do that, the doorbell suddenly rang downstairs.
With her thoughts interrupted, she could only get to her feet and go downstairs to open the door.
Madilyn stood at the door, looking haggard. When Roxanne opened the door, she promptly put away the weariness on her face. With a frown marring her countenance, she scrutinized Roxanne and the children.
“Aunt Madilyn!” Archie and Benny hadn’t seen her in a long time. Now that she was visiting, they swiftly threw themselves at her affectionately.
Gathering them into her embrace without batting an eyelash, Madilyn checked them over carefully.
It wasn’t until she had ascertained that they were fine that she finally relaxed.
“Why did you come over out of the blue?” Roxanne inquired in puzzlement.
If | remember correctly, she worked overtime yesterday. She should be catching up on sleep at this hour.
Madilyn straightened to her full height. “You know why. Your call yesterday was abrupt, and you didn’t come home for the entire night. | was worried that something had happened to you and the boys, resulting in a fitful sleep all night.”
When she had finished working overtime yesterday, she specially came over to look in on them.
However, Roxanne and the boys were still not home though it was already past nine o’clock at night.
Mulling over it, she simply couldn’t shake off the anxiety within her.
She tried calling Roxanne, but the latter didn’t pick up.
Unfortunately, she had no idea where they had gone camping either.
Consequently, she was so worried that she almost hadn’t slept the whole night. Only when the sky started brightening did she barely catch two or three hours of sleep.
As soon as she woke up, she came over to check on the situation again.
Fortunately, someone opened the door this time.
From the look of things, Roxanne and the children hadn't suffered any injuries.
Clocking her best friend’s sheer worry, Roxanne wore an apologetic expression. “My phone ran out of battery last night and automatically shut down.”
At that, Madilyn sighed in exasperation. “What is important is that you're all fine.”
After saying that, she eyed Roxanne dubiously. “Speaking of that, why did you suddenly spend the night outside? Didn’t you say it was a one-day trip, so you'd be back in the evening?” 
###Chapter 960
Chapter 960
Chapter 960 Part Of It Went Missing
Hearing that question from Madilyn, Roxanne heaved a sigh. “It’s a long story.”
Madilyn went into the living room with the children and replied unceremoniously, “Tell me everything slowly, then. Before you do so, get me something to eat.”
She had come over right after getting out of bed and hadn't had the time to eat anything, so she was famished.
Roxanne proceeded to take out the extra sandwiches she had made a while ago for her best friend to satiate her hunger.
As Madilyn ate, Roxanne narrated the experience they had yesterday.
The instant Madilyn heard that the children suffered from a bacterial infection yesterday, the sandwich in her mouth abruptly tasted like ashes.
“Who exactly dared to make a move against my godsons?”
The culprit even inflicted such agony on them!
At the thought of the torment Archie and Benny had been through yesterday, she hugged the boys sitting beside her, her heart clenching painfully.
Knowing that their godmother was concerned about them, Archie and Benny considerately coaxed, “Don’t worry, Aunt Madilyn! We're fine now!”
While saying that, they jumped up and down actively as though to prove they were in the pink of health.
At the side, Estella was still unfamiliar with Madilyn and stood beside Roxanne timidly.
Before she knew it, she had also been pulled into Madilyn’s arms by the woman herself.
“How dastardly of the culprit to make a move against such a cutie pie!” Madilyn griped, heartbroken.
Although she’s Lucian’s daughter, her countenance makes everyone fall in love with her!
The thought of someone inflicting pain on Estella had her gripped by the urge to ferret the culprit out and rip the person into shreds.
Never having expected her best friend to be even more enraged than she was, Roxanne was dumbfounded for a moment. When Madilyn had enough of hugging Estella, she reluctantly dropped her hands from around the little girl. She lifted her eyes at Roxanne. “Whose doing was it? Are there any leads?”
Roxanne bobbed her head before shaking it in the next heartbeat.
Madilyn was entirely bewildered.
“There are some clues, but | haven’t found anything useful.”
Having no plans on keeping her in the dark, Roxanne briefly told her everything she had done earlier.
Without an ounce of hesitation, Madilyn declared, “I'll help you out with that. I've made the acquaintance of a number of people in Chanaea in the past years.”
It went without saying that Roxanne took her up on it. She left some orders for the children before bringing Madilyn upstairs with her.
They went straight to the study.
Seeing the four remaining research institutes on her list, Madilyn quirked a brow. “I’ve collaborated with these few research institutes.”
In other words, she could help inquire about the matter.
Roxanne’s eyes lit up.
Madilyn didn’t even need further instructions, shooting to her feet directly and going to the side to make the calls.
She made three calls consecutively, but there was nothing out of the ordinary.
Judging from her tone on the phone, Roxanne could more or less postulate the results.
Right then, only the last research institute remained.
Pinning all their hopes on it, Madilyn made the call.
“Really? When did it go missing?”
She cut to the chase after some pleasantries and asked about the bacteria. In no time, she received an answer from the other end of the phone.
Their research institute indeed researched that kind of bacteria, and some even went missing before.
The moment Roxanne heard Madilyn’s words, her eyes gleamed. Frowning, she shifted her gaze in the latter’s direction. Madilyn’s expression was somber, and she was still pressing for details.
Sensing Roxanne’s gaze, she turned around and walked back over to her, putting the call on loudspeaker.
The voice on the other end of the phone promptly drifted into Roxanne’s ears.
“It's quite a complicated process to manufacture such a bacterium. Besides, it involves an astronomical cost and a great degree of difficulty. For that reason, we attach substantial importance to it. Half a month ago, we developed a new batch after much effort, planning to use it for research. Alas, part of it went missing.” 
###Chapter 961
Chapter 961
Chapter 961 Why Would | Be Unable To
Upon hearing that, the doubtful Roxanne and Madilyn exchanged glances. They had spoken to nearly all the research institutes that could develop that specific bacterium in Horington, and only that research institute confirmed that their laboratory had previously lost the bacteria.
Although it happened half a month ago, the bacteria could remain viable as long as they were appropriately preserved.
Madilyn was aware of that and didn’t hesitate to ask, “How did you guys lose the bacteria back then? Do you guys have any findings now?”
The person's answer did not disappoint them. “One of the researchers should have taken it,” he said frankly. Madilyn was filled with confusion when she heard that.
“Although we have no solid evidence, we were certain about that. Two days after the bacteria went missing, that researcher suddenly quit. We haven’t heard from her since then,” the person continued.
Before Madilyn could speak, Roxanne asked, “What's the name of that researcher?”
The person on the other end of the line was stunned by the sudden change of the speaker. It took him a few seconds to regain his senses before answering, “Her name is Nancy Lowther.”
Roxanne replied, “Got it. Thank you.”
Madilyn, too, followed suit and expressed her gratitude. “I'll treat you the next time we meet.”
After exchanging a few pleasantries, he subsequently hung up the phone.
As Madilyn put away her phone, both Roxanne and she thought of the person’s words, and their expressions turned grim.
We have found a clue and the name of the staff who stole the bacteria. It will be much simpler for us to carry on the investigation. Moreover, we have a hacker—Benny—with us.
The duo shared a meaningful look. Roxanne then made her way downstairs to summon Benny over. “Mommy, what’s the matter?” The little boy was confused when Roxanne led him to sit in front of the desk. She tapped on the computer screen and said, “Please help me to investigate this person.”
Upon hearing that, Benny instantly focused on the screen in front of him with a straight face.
Roxanne shared with him everything she knew about Nancy. Only then did she realize the information she had might not help the investigation much.
After all, she only knew her full name was Nancy Lowther and that she used to work at that research institute. “It's fine if you’re unable to find anything about her. I'll think of another way.”
She didn’t want to put too much pressure on the boy.
However, Benny shot her a puzzled look. “Why would | be unable to?”
To him, Roxanne had provided him with much information to begin the investigation.
He turned to the computer screen and began typing away.
Ashort while later, he hacked into the hub of the research institute and retrieved the information about Nancy. From that, he managed to find out Nancy’s recent activities.
Shortly after, he lifted his head and looked at Roxanne. “This person left the country two days ago. Is there something you need from her, Mommy? | can help you locate her.”
Once again, he placed his hands on the keyboard.
Roxanne and Madilyn had yet to come back to their senses.
Both of them had always known that Benny was a computer expert.
However, this was their first time witnessing his skills.
Seeing that the little boy was ready to dig further, Roxanne snapped back to her senses and uttered gently, “It’s okay. There’s no need for that.”
Benny obediently stopped what he was doing. “Why do you want to investigate her, Mommy?” he asked. Naturally, Roxanne would not tell him the truth. “There are some things that | need to clarify with her.” Having said that, she glanced through Nancy’s information that Benny had found.
This information about Nancy is more than enough for me.
“Thank you, Darling.” She caressed Benny's head. 
###Chapter 962
Chapter 962
Chapter 962 Do Not Hide It From Me
After Benny left, Roxanne and Madilyn began to study Nancy’s resume. Madilyn’s expression changed when she spotted the name of one of the institutes where Nancy used to work.
Noticing that, Roxanne asked, “What is it?” Madilyn pointed to the name of the research institute on the screen and spoke with certainty. “This research institute is under Pearson Group.”
She had been in Chanaea for years and had collaborated with nearly all of the research institutes in Horington. As such, she was familiar with all the research institutes’ backgrounds.
Because of the entanglement between Roxanne and Aubree, Madilyn paid extra attention when cooperating with the research institutes under Pearson Group.
Coincidentally, this research institute was one of the research institutes she had collaborated with. Madilyn’s words brought a frown to Roxanne’s face.
Roxanne read the information carefully and noticed something from the date Nancy resigned from the research institute under Pearson Group.
After leaving the research Institute under Pearson Group for half a month, Nancy joined the current research institute, worked for six months, and left with the newly developed bacteria. Hmm...
“It must be Aubree!” she suddenly exclaimed.
“This woman is so vicious. How could she do such a cruel thing to the children? No wonder Mr. Farwell dislikes her.” Madilyn’s tone was laced with displeasure when she heard that.
Roxanne was dubious as well. Still, she tried to calm Madilyn down. “Don’t act rashly. We don’t have any solid evidence yet.”
Madilyn was her best friend. She knew that if she didn’t try to dissuade Madilyn, the latter would rush to settle the score with Aubree for laying a hand on the children.
Just as she had expected, Madilyn was displeased at her words.
Squeezing out a smile, Roxanne said, “Thanks to you, | was able to find such an important clue. I'll take care of the rest of this matter myself.”
Aubree was a scheming woman. Thus, Roxanne didn’t want to drag Madilyn into the matter as it would make her Aubree’s target.
Madilyn naturally knew what was on Roxanne’s mind and shot her a dissatisfied look. “Archie and Benny are both my godsons. Someone harmed them. How can you ask me to stand idly by?”
Roxanne quickly responded, “You've helped me plenty. If it weren’t for you, | wouldn’t have been able to find out about any of this.”
Then, she got up and held Madilyn’s hands. In a firm tone, she reassured Madilyn, “Don’t worry. | won't let those who have bullied Archie and Benny off easily. I'll look for you if | need help.”
Madilyn knew there was no way she could argue with Roxanne, and she sulked in response. Roxanne patiently comforted her until the latter reluctantly gave in.
“No matter what happens, don’t hide it from me,” Madilyn reminded solemnly.
Seeing Madilyn finally give in, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and assented with a smile.
Only then did Madilyn leave unwillingly.
Roxanne didn’t go downstairs to send her off. She sat in the study, immersing in her thoughts instead.
If the bacterial infection this time was Aubree’s doing, then...
Her eyes darkened when she recalled the bacterial infection Estella had caught the other day.
If | remember correctly, Aubree was in the manor when Estella got infected. But she coincidentally did not get infected. Roxanne didn’t give it much thought back then.
With the new clue she had found, she began to mull over the situation that day.
She couldn’t help but link the two incidents together.
It's too much of a coincidence. Aubree is obviously related to both incidents.
The more she thought about it, the more she felt something was off. All of a sudden, she felt the need to talk to Lucian about her findings. 
###Chapter 963
Chapter 963
Chapter 963 Who Told You To Stalk Her
Meanwhile, Lucian, too, ordered Cayden to investigate the issue. With Farwell Group’s financial capability, the investigation was carried out effortlessly.
In less than an hour, Cayden had managed to bring the private investigator to Farwell Group. It was not until the private investigator was led to Farwell Group’s entrance that he realized something was off.
“D-Did | do something wrong? Why did you bring me here?” Cayden cast him a cold glance. “Why are you asking me that? I’m not the one who calls the shots here. You'll find out soon.”
The private investigator’s legs trembled when he heard Cayden’s words. The only person who came to mind when he thought of the person who called the shots for Farwell Group was none other than Lucian Farwell.
The private investigator had recently been following Roxanne around on Aubree’s orders. During those times, he had indeed seen Roxanne interacting with Lucian.
Yet, he paid no mind to that.
After all, he was merely doing as instructed. He did nothing improper; all he did was take a few pictures.
| definitely did not expect to be brought over by Lucian today...
He could not help but shiver as he thought about Lucian’s reputation in the industry.
The elevator soon came to a halt on the top floor. Cayden brought the private investigator along and entered the CEO’s office. “I've brought the person, Mr. Farwell,” Cayden reported.
Lucian was working in the office expressionlessly. Upon hearing Cayden’s words, he stopped what he was doing and looked up. Lucian did not start speaking right away. Instead, he eyed the private investigator up and down.
The private investigator felt weak at the knees. His waning determination was the only thing keeping him from falling over and dropping to the ground.
“M-Mr. Farwell...”
Lucian stopped scrutinizing him and said in a cold voice, “Your name.”
The private investigator shuddered inwardly. How could he not know my name? | was escorted here by one of his men. Still, since Lucian had asked, he could only answer his question. “Cory Zaythrone.”
Lucian nodded emotionlessly. “You’ve been following a woman these days.”
The words came out as a statement and not a question.
Cory felt an immense amount of pressure upon hearing Lucian’s words. In an instant, he was covered with cold sweat. He dared not deny it because of Lucian’s confident tone.
After some time, he stammered, “I did follow a woman. B-But | only took pictures. | didn’t do anything else!”
Lucian frowned. He believed Cory was speaking the truth.
Since he’s not the culprit, | think | know who did it.
“Someone added something to that woman’s glass yesterday. Who was it?”
Remembering everything Aubree had done yesterday and the pained expression on the children’s faces after her departure, Cory realized that Aubree had dragged him into trouble.
He did not put a stop to Aubree’s doings and merely watched as she added something to Roxanne’s drink. | would still be deemed as an accomplice if Lucian were to know about this!
It's not like Lucian will let me off even if | don’t sell Aubree out...
Cory felt troubled.
Lucian could see Cory’s visible hesitance. His eyes darkened as the atmosphere around him became thick with tension. “How about | put this in another way? Who told you to stalk her?”
Cory was stunned. After a moment of contemplation, he had no choice but to reply, “No one.” He had been working day and night ever since and had yet to receive a single penny.
Even if Lucian managed to find out anything later on, it would still be worth it, as Cory would have received the money he was promised.
However, if he were to sell Aubree out, he might lose everything. 
###Chapter 964
Chapter 964
Chapter 964 Search His Workplace
As soon as Cory finished speaking, he suddenly heard a rustle. He carefully lifted his head and saw Lucian standing up from the desk, walking in his direction.
Lucian was already exuding a domineering aura when he was seated. Cory only felt suffocated when the man suddenly stood up.
Lucian stood before Cory with a straight face. In an icy voice, he said, “It’s a slip-up on my part. You're a private investigator. It’s only natural for you to speak after | pay you.”
With that, Lucian glanced at Cayden. Cayden understood instantly. He got a check and handed it to Lucian. Cory only heard the sound of light footsteps. Then, a slender and defined hand was waving a check before his eyes.
“Tell me who did it, and this check will be yours. You're free to write whatever amount you want,” Lucian said in a softer tone. Cory fixed his eyes on the check.
He had been a private investigator for many years. Naturally, he only had his eyes on the money.
Cory knew that the amount he could write on the check promised by Lucian was nearly limitless.
If the things from yesterday had not happened, he would have sold Aubree out in a heartbeat.
Unfortunately, Lucian was angered by the things that had happened yesterday.
In just a matter of minutes, Cory had thought of all the possibilities.
Aubree would probably drag me down together if | were to sell her out. She might even tell Lucian that | was the one who told her about Roxanne and the other’s whereabouts. What if Aubree told Lucian that | saw her doing everything but chose to do nothing?
No matter how awful Aubree has been, she’s still someone acquainted with Farwell Group. On top of that, she’s the daughter of a wealthy family.
As long as Lucian cares about the Pearsons’ reputation, the only one to suffer will be me! Cory made up his mind at the thought of that. He and Aubree were in the same boat. He could not risk it all just for money!
Cory tore his gaze away from the check. Feigning calmness, he said, “I really have no idea what you're talking about, Mr. Farwell. No one ordered me to do it. I’m also unaware if anyone added anything to Ms. Jarvis’ drink.”
Lucian stopped waving the check as soon as Cory finished his sentence.
At that moment, Cory felt as if his heart had stopped beating. He could not help but fear that Lucian would go hard on him. Yet, Lucian only looked Cory up and down with a hint of impatience in his eyes.
The private investigator before me knows everything, but he’s just too stubborn.
“You better think carefully. Farwell Group could provide you with greater perks than your previous boss did. If you confess now, I'll let you off. However, if you continued being stubborn and | were to find out anything after today, everything would be different,” Lucian said.
After giving Cayden the check, he turned around and sat at his desk.
Cory trembled inwardly. Carefully, he lifted his head to sneak a glance before quickly lowering his head again.
Even in that split second, he could see how bone-chilling Lucian’s gaze was.
The thought of whether Lucian’s words matched his thoughts terrified Cory.
“There’s really no one. You can get people to check my workplace if you don’t believe me,” Cory said, forcing himself to be calm. Lucian’s eyes darkened as his probing gaze swept past Cory.
There’s only one possibility for him to suggest that... He’s already prepared.
Other than that, he’s also as stubborn as a mule.
Lucian knew there would still be no answer to his question even if he continued forcing Cory, so he took up Cory’s suggestion. He turned to Cayden. “Get some people to search his workplace.”
Cayden agreed without hesitation before ordering people to escort Cory away. 
###Chapter 965
Chapter 965
Chapter 965 Walk Out Alive
The search lasted the entire morning. The grim-faced Cayden, who returned with his subordinates in the afternoon, said, “We found nothing, Mr. Farwell.”
Admittedly, Cory was an excellent private investigator. Cayden could not help but wonder how he had managed to keep in touch with his employers.
Not only did Cayden not find any evidence of how the mastermind instructed Cory to spy on Roxanne, but he also could not find proof that could expose Cory’s identity as a private investigator.
Cory began playing the sympathy card. “Mr. Farwell, | told you no one instructed me to do anything.” Lucian waited for half a day but did not get the answer he was looking for. His eyes blazed with fury when he saw the pretentious innocent look on the culprit’s face.
“If no one put you up to this, why did you stalk her?” he asked.
Cory blinked innocently. “B-Because | find Ms. Jarvis attractive. | wished to snap photos of her since | was trying my hand at photography.”
He had felt nervous before Cayden carried out his investigations, but upon realizing the latter got nothing on him, he started speaking more boldly.
Lucian was about to explode. He kept staring at Cory, giving him the killer glare. Instead of continuously triggering him, Cory kept mum and stood quietly in the middle of the room.
“Mr. Farwell, what if we...” A cold glint flashed across Cayden’s eyes as he could not stand how the man disrespected Lucian. There are many ways to interrogate a person. We'll find one that can make him spill out the truth.
Cory started panicking as he could sense the murderous intent in his voice. Suddenly, Lucian’s deep voice reverberated in their ears. “Release him.”
“Mr. Farwell!” Cayden was reluctant to do so. How can we let him go when we haven't gotten anything out of him? Besides, we should teach him a lesson for his arrogance!
Cory, too, was struck dumb. He did not expect Lucian to let him off. | can’t believe my ears! Lucian reiterated, “Release him!”
Upon noticing the expression on Lucian’s face, Cayden had no choice but to do as he said. He gestured for his subordinates to release Cory.
Never did Cory expect he could fool his way through. He dared not leave because he was unsure if they would allow him to go. While Cory was still in a dilemma, Lucian looked over impatiently and raised his voice. “What are you waiting for? Scram!” Cory came to his senses and immediately inclined his head in response. “All right, all right. I'll leave now. I'll leave.”
He staggered backward and left Lucian’s office.
Cayden was boiling with rage as he stared at Cory’s back. “Mr. Farwell, are you just going to let him off like this? I’m sure he’s
not innocent!”
Lucian stared into the distance for a few seconds before replying, “Keep an eye on him.” What's the point of interrogating him since he refused to cooperate with us and tell us who the mastermind is? Farwell Group may be an influential corporation, but we can’t do anything to him since we have no evidence.
He was determined to gather the evidence first.
Upon hearing that, Cayden immediately understood Lucian’s logic. Mr. Farwell isn’t letting Cory off. He wants that man to put his guard down so that he can gather more evidence.
His wrath finally dissipated when the realization dawned on him. He turned around and ordered his men to follow Cory. Meanwhile, Cory heaved a sigh of relief after stepping out of the lobby of Farwell Group.
As a private investigator with decades of experience, he had heard a thing or two about Lucian.
Rumors had it that Lucian was a cruel man who did not wear his heart on his sleeve.
He had thought they would kill him today. Being able to walk out of the building alive is a miracle. 
###Chapter 966
Chapter 966
Chapter 966 Your Wedding With Lucian
When Cory thought he could lower his guard, he noticed something was amiss. As a professional investigator whose duty was to stalk people, he immediately realized a group of men was tailing him.
| knew he would not spare me so easily. He must be desperate to get some leads from me. A corner of Cory’s lips quirked up. He looked back, glanced at the men and the corners they were hiding, and turned around quickly. He then pretended nothing had happened and walked away casually.
Now that he was aware of these people, he had to be extra cautious and not give his secrets away. Besides, he could still threaten Aubree to pay him money with the photo in his hands.
Cory did not contact Aubree in the next few days to avoid arousing suspicion. Aubree had not received any updates from the private investigator since the day Roxanne and the others went camping.
She tried calling him but to no avail. Aubree, too, began to realize something was fishy. The private investigator she hired was the cream of the crop in the industry and had a reputation for being avaricious.
Aubree believed he would not disappear without any reason since she had yet to pay him in full. They must have found out who he is.
Aubree’s heart skipped a beat when that thought crossed her mind. She gritted her teeth and deleted the number from her contact list.
She did not think Roxanne was alert enough to expose the private investigator.
The only person capable of exposing Cory’s identity, she reckoned, was Lucian.
All leads would eventually point to her should Lucian continue with his investigations. She could not imagine the consequences she had to face.
Aubree’s anxiety grew when she could not reach Cory. She felt it was time to take the matter into her hands. | don’t know how close Lucian is to the truth, but | can’t sit here and do nothing anymore!
That afternoon, Aubree went downstairs carrying a bag in her arm. “Where are you going, Aubree?” Gina asked while she was chilling in the living room. Aubree stopped in her tracks for a bit. “I’m going to visit Mrs. Farwell.”
Gina nodded in approval. “It’s good that you finally decided to pay her a visit. You seem to have maintained a distance from them since you moved back from the Farwell residence. | always thought that wasn’t a nice move.” She picked up a few more bags and put them into the car. “Here are more gifts for Mrs. Farwell. | prepared them some time ago, so please bring them to her for
me. Looking at how her mother tried to butter the Farwell family up, Aubree could not help but respond with a cold snort.
Gina continued reminding her, “Remember to talk to Mrs. Farwell nicely. Make her happy, and she’ll approve your wedding with Lucian.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah.” Feeling annoyed, Aubree got into the car and slammed the door.
Gina watched as her daughter drove off. What’s wrong with her? Why did she throw a fit? Aubree drove all the way to the Farwell residence.
As she was hitting the road, thoughts were racing in her head. | have to think of a way to mention Roxanne in front of Mrs. Farwell.
Aubree knew Sonya was on her side, but if she did not take the initiative to ask for help, Sonya would tend to turn a blind eye to the things that happened around her.
Even the last time Sonya took action against Roxanne was because Aubree had instigated her. This time, what should | say to arouse Mrs. Farwell’s anger toward Roxanne?
She could not decide what to say to Sonya even when she had arrived at the Farwell residence. Upon noticing her arrival, the butler came over, helped her with the bags, and led her to the residence.
Aubree followed right behind. There was a dark and unfathomable look in her eyes. 
###Chapter 967
Chapter 967
ventually agreed to allow her to go upstairs.
Aubree responded with a nod. After plastering a smile on her face, she took the stairs and went up. Sonya had just woken up from her nap in the master bedroom upstairs. Upon hearing a knock on the door, she opened it right away.
“Mrs. Farwell.” Aubree grinned politely. “I hope I’m not disturbing you.” Sonya, too, responded with a smile when she realized it was Aubree. “Not at all. | just woke up.”
Aubree walked up to her and held her arm affectionately. “I brought you lots of gifts. Let's go down and check them out.”
“Aww, you're too sweet.” Sonya glanced at her. “You didn’t have to do that. I’m happy that you're here.” Aubree pressed her lips and smiled. “I have to since | haven't visited you in a while.”
They continued to exchange pleasantries as they made their way down to the living hall. Sonya glanced at the gifts and looked away as she had no intention of opening them.
The butler collected the gifts and put them aside. After they sat on the couch, the butler served them coffee.
While Aubrey was taking a sip from the cup, her eyes flickered when an idea flashed across her mind. “I was planning to take you to the suburbs as the landscape is gorgeous. Many of my friends have been there for a walk.”
Her suggestion aroused Sonya’s interest. But before Sonya could respond, Aubree continued, “But | heard bacteria in the wild is growing fast as the weather has turned warm. People who have visited the place have fallen ill and suffered from vomiting and diarrhea.”
Upon hearing that, Sonya decided to put the trip on hold. “Let's not risk it. We can always visit the suburbs some other time.” Aubree nodded in agreement.
A few seconds later, she started frowning as if something was bothering her.
Sonya could tell something was on her mind. She asked, “What are you thinking about?”
“Oh...” Aubree acted as if she had come to her senses. “If I’m not mistaken, Ms. Jarvis took Essie on an outing a few days ago, so I'm not sure...”
Aubree left her sentence hanging and studied Sonya’s expression carefully. Sonya’s face turned grim when she heard her granddaughter hanging out with Roxanne again.
Aubree gloated inwardly upon noticing the look on Sonya’s face.
“How did you know they went out together?” Sonya asked.
Aubree had an answer for that. “I've been worried about Essie since the last time she went missing, so | have my men to watch over her whenever she leaves the house.”
Upon realizing what Aubree had done for her granddaughter, Sonya put her guard down against her and began to develop a hostile attitude toward Roxanne. I’ve warned her many times to stay away from Essie. How dare she defy me?
Aubree continued adding fuel to the fire. “Perhaps Ms. Jarvis was merely thinking of taking Essie for a stroll and didn’t pay much attention to the environment. Now, I’m worried...”
Once again, she paused right there and did not continue. Sonya knitted her brows and asked, “Worried? What are you worried about?”
“Essie seemed to have caught an infection. | wonder how she is feeling now.” Aubree expressed her concern. 
###Chapter 968
Chapter 968
Chapter 968 | Want To See Essie
“What?” Sonya frowned. It’s bad enough that Roxanne took my granddaughter out. She even caused my granddaughter to fall ill. Seeing that her instigation was successful, Aubree smiled ever so slightly before she promptly stopped herself.
“The person | sent to protect Essie saw it, but he doesn’t have any medical skills. Thinking that Ms. Jarvis has a little medical knowledge and will be able to treat Essie, he didn’t reveal himself.” Sonya’s face darkened. “Is Essie in a serious condition?”
Aubree pretended to ponder before replying, “My friends who were infected told me that the pain they felt was excruciating. Essie is only a child...”
There was no need for her to continue. Sonya understood what she was implying. If a grownup could not handle the pain, let alone a child like Estella.
It's bad enough that Roxanne abandoned Essie back then. Now she’s the one responsible for Essie’s suffering. What exactly is Roxanne'’s intention?
“| wanted to go and check on Essie, but you know Lucian’s attitude.” Aubree was still trying to add fuel to the fire. Sonya frowned again and declared, “I will go and take a look myself!”
With that, she took her bag and prepared to leave. Aubree quickly stopped her. “Mrs. Farwell, once you're there, please don’t tell them | was the one who told you about this matter. Lucian already dislikes me. If he finds out, I’m worried that...”
That was the truth.
Sonya was worried about her granddaughter. At the same time, she also felt bad that Aubree’s painstaking efforts were not appreciated.
“Don't worry. | know what to say and what not to say.” As soon as Sonya finished talking, she took her bag and left. Aubree did not stop her this time around. Once Sonya’s car was gone, she got up and went out.
With Sonya’s interference, Aubree believed that Lucian’s attention would be diverted. She hoped that he would focus less on the investigation of what she had done.
Meanwhile, at the Farwell residence, Cayden was standing in the study with a grim expression.
“Mr. Farwell, that private investigator is a very cunning man. After following him for a week, our men were unable to find anything.”
That was the first time that a person had been so elusive.
Lucian looked somber. “Continue to follow him.”
He wanted to see how long that man could hide his secrets!
Cayden acknowledged his order before turning to leave the study.
Just as he opened the door, he saw Catalina standing outside.
“Mr. Farwell, Mrs. Farwell is here. She’s waiting downstairs.”
Catalina appeared a little disturbed.
Lucian furrowed his brows when he heard that, and he seemed to be contemplating something.
For the past few times when his mother had come and looked for him, it was all because of Aubree.
However, he had no interaction with Aubree of late, so he had no inkling why his mother had come.
It was only after a while before Lucian got up.
“Mr. Farwell, Mrs. Farwell doesn’t look too pleased,” Catalina whispered to him as he walked past her.
Lucian nodded with a deadpan expression before striding downstairs.
The moment he arrived downstairs, he was greeted by the sight of his mother sitting on the couch with an unfriendly face. “Why have you come downstairs?”
Sonya was already worried about Estella. Her son’s tardiness in greeting her had only annoyed her further.
A frown appeared on Lucian’s face, and he turned around to look at Catalina.
The housekeeper did not know what to do.
Thankfully for her, Lucian did not make things difficult. He sat down on the couch and asked, “And why have you come all the way here? If there’s anything, you can always call me, and | will go over.”
All of a sudden, Sonya slammed the coffee table and raised her voice. “I want to see Essie. What's the point of you going over? Where's Essie?”
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he heard his mother’s outburst. He finally understood why Catalina had looked so conflicted earlier on. 
###Chapter 969
Chapter 969
Chapter 969 Too Anxious
Ten minutes ago, Catalina had been instructing the rest of the household staff on their chores when she heard the doorbell ring. The moment she opened the door, she saw that it was Sonya.
Before Catalina could greet her, Sonya questioned her, “Where’s Essie? Tell Essie to come out. Tell her that her grandma is here.” Catalina was put in a difficult position.
Estella had not been in the manor for the past few days. She had thought that the little girl was with Sonya. However, judging from Sonya’s reaction, Catalina knew there and then that Estella was with Roxanne.
It was obvious that Sonya must have discovered that, and that explained her anger. As a servant, Catalina did not know how to answer her question. In the end, she replied, “I will inform Mr. Farwell right away.”
She was about to go and seek help from Lucian when Sonya stopped her in her tracks.
“| want to see Essie. If she doesn’t come down, | will go up myself.”
With that, she began to walk upstairs.
Catalina had no choice but to lie and claim that she would get Estella when, in fact, she went upstairs to look for Lucian. Sitting next to his mother, Lucian knew he could not hide the truth anymore. He told her honestly, “Essie isn’t here.” Sonya looked even more upset when she heard that. “What do you mean by that?”
“Essie is not here right now, and you won't be seeing her,” Lucian repeated calmly.
The moment he stopped talking, Sonya put down her cup. There was a loud sound when the cup hit the table. “Where is she?”
Sonya had her own conclusion, but she still wanted to hear it from her son.
Lucian merely frowned and said nothing.
“Is she with Roxanne?” Sonya became infuriated when Lucian remained silent. “Roxanne has caused Essie so much pain. Why did you allow Essie to stay with her?”
Lucian’s frown deepened, and he looked up at her. He knew something was wrong when Sonya had turned up at his house out of the blue and even demanded to see Estella.
From what he had heard so far, he reckoned his mother must have found out that Estella had been infected during her recent camping trip.
Lucian’s expression darkened. “How did you find out?”
Not many people knew about Estella’s condition. Furthermore, only the children, Roxanne, and himself had had any interaction with his mother.
Lucian did not believe that Roxanne would tell Sonya about Estella’s infection and certainly not the three children.
Besides them, only the private investigator and the person standing behind him knew about the matter.
Lucian looked murderous.
It was only then Sonya realized she should not have said what she had said, and a hint of regret flashed across her eyes. She had promised Aubree that she would not mention anything about Estella’s condition.
Yet, she had been too anxious just now.
After calming herself down for a few seconds, Sonya asked nonchalantly, “Why wouldn’t | find out? Isn’t it enough that Essie has been suffering for so many years because of Roxanne?”
She was referring to the incident when Roxanne abandoned Estella.
Lucian was not so easily sidetracked by his mother. He questioned Sonya coldly, “Why did you ask to see Essie the moment you arrived?”
Sonya was stumped momentarily before glaring at her son. “Il heard that Essie hasn't been at the Farwell residence for these few days. That got me worried. What's wrong with that?”
She then shot back a question of her own, “I have a question for you instead. Roxanne abandoned Essie years ago. We are the ones who have brought her up. Yet, you keep sending Essie to Roxanne. What exactly are you thinking about? Are you planning to give custody of Essie to Roxanne?” 
###Chapter 970
Chapter 970
Chapter 970 I Give Up
Sonya did not mention the possibility of their reconciliation. Lucian tensed slightly when he heard that. Sonya continued, “I was the one who brought Essie up. | will never allow you to give her away!”
When Lucian realized that his mother was off the topic, he rubbed his temples and said, “It’s not what you think. Two days ago, Essie fell ill. She’s recuperating at Ms. Jarvis’ place now.”
He felt that Sonya was trying to hide something, and he did not believe a single word she had just said. He felt that she had already known what had happened two days ago.
As far as he was concerned, it was pointless to lie anymore. Sonya finally had a legitimate reason to be furious when her son told her the truth.
“Why didn’t you let me know Essie is ill? | can’t believe you left her with Roxanne!” Lucian merely frowned and said nothing. He could not be bothered to argue with his mother with regard to the matter.
“Roxanne abandoned her first. And something bad always happens to Essie when she’s with Roxanne! Yet you still dare to allow the two of them to be together! Even if you aren’t worried, | am!”
Fury was written all over Sonya’s face. “I don’t care what you're thinking. | want you to bring Essie back right now! If you don’t wish to take care of her, then | will!”
Lucian had no idea what he had said to make his own mother think that he did not want Estella.
Seeing that Sonya was livid, he could only explain to her calmly, “Essie is still recuperating, but that’s not the point. Ms. Jarvis is highly skilled in medicine, and it puts me at ease knowing that Essie is under her care.”
Sonya begged to differ. “Given our wealth and resources, we should be able to get her any doctor. Why must we engage Roxanne? Bring Essie back. I'll find her the best doctor!”
There was no response from Lucian.
Sonya could tell that her son was not going to accede to her demands, and her face fell. “You can forget about the idea of reconciliation with Roxanne. As long as I’m alive, | will never allow her to be married into the Farwell family again!”
“You think too much.” In the end, Lucian still decided to say something. Even if the reconciliation had crossed his mind, Roxanne would not agree to it. Sonya was puzzled.
Lucian suppressed the frustration within him and explained patiently once more, “Essie was in a critical situation. Thankfully, Ms. Jarvis managed to brew the traditional medicine in time. That alleviated Essie’s symptoms. | only feel that no one else can understand Essie’s condition better than she does.”
It sounded very reasonable. However, as far as Sonya was concerned, Roxanne was the reason Estella became ill. She was not appeased despite hearing Lucian’s explanation.
Lucian assured his mother, “Leaving Essie with Roxanne is the most appropriate thing to do right now. Once Essie has recovered, | will definitely bring her back.”
No matter what, he had no intention of bringing Estella back right then. Sonya was extremely angry, but she decided not to discuss the matter with him anymore.
Since he refuses to bring the girl back, then | will do it myself! It’s no big deal! | know where she stays. With that plan in mind, Sonya controlled her fury and put on a calm demeanor. “So be it. | give up!”
She then strode out of the manor as if she no longer cared about the matter. Looking at his mother’s back view, Lucian found it strange. However, he did not know why and decided to let the matter rest.
Sonya drove toward Roxanne’s home once she came out of the manor. 
###Chapter 971
Chapter 971
Chapter 971 Are You Feeling Better Now
Roxanne was preparing lunch with the kids when the doorbell to their mansion rang. Believing it might be Lucian wanting to see the children or Madilyn coming to ask her about the progress, Roxanne did not think much and put down her things to open the door.
Upon opening the door and seeing who was behind it, she suddenly froze. “It's been a while,” Sonya began, looking Roxanne up and down.
Roxanne regained her senses, and lowering her eyes, she greeted, “Mrs. Farwell.” Sonya hummed coldly in response. “Is this how you treat your guests? Having them stand at the door?”
Furrowing her brows, Roxanne gazed at Sonya cautiously as she remembered clearly what Sonya had done to the research institute.
We haven't met since then. | wonder why she came to see me today. Moreover, Essie is here. Last time, Sonya destroyed the research institute because | got too close to Essie. I’m afraid of what she will do if she sees Essie here. But perhaps Sonya already knew, and that’s why she’s here.
At that thought, Roxanne stepped aside to let Sonya in. “Please.” Sonya strode in and looked around the living room. “Where’s Essie?”
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat. Indeed, she came because she knew Essie was here. Before she could reply, the three kids had already run out of the kitchen.
Thinking that Lucian was here, they all beamed happily, but the smiles on their faces froze at the same time when they saw the person sitting on the couch.
“Grandma...” Estella called out hesitantly. | remember Grandma doesn't like Ms. Jarvis. Moreover, the expression on Grandma’s face doesn’t look good.
Sonya hurriedly looked Estella up and down at the sight of her. Only when confirming Estella was unharmed did she sigh in relief. “Essie, come to Grandma,” she said, waving to Estella.
Estella stared at Sonya hesitantly and did not move. “Come here now,” Sonya repeated, frowning before shooting Roxanne a look of displeasure. She thought Roxanne was the reason for Estella’s disobedience.
Noticing the look Sonya shot Roxanne, Estella slowly walked over, afraid Sonya would take her anger out on Roxanne. Sonya carried Estella into her arms and examined the latter carefully again. “I heard you were sick. Are you feeling better now?” Estella glanced at Roxanne. Smiling comfortingly at Estella, Roxanne replied warmly, “Essie rested for a week and is much
better now.”
Immediately, Sonya announced in a voice that allowed no disagreement, “Since you're feeling much better now, come home with me.” Upon hearing that, Estella furrowed her brows, reluctance written on her face.
Sonya understood what Estella was thinking and knew she wouldn't be able to convince the child, so she looked in Roxanne’s direction.
“| heard from Lucian that Essie recovered well thanks to your care. Since she’s all right now, | want to take her home. You have no ions, right?”
There was not a hint of gratitude in her voice. Roxanne was the reason Estella got sick in the first place. And in Sonya’s opinion, it was expected for Roxanne, Estella’s biological mother, to take care of Estella while she was sick. 
###Chapter 972
Chapter 972
Chapter 972 You Have No Brothers
Roxanne had long guessed Sonya would treat her with an unpleasant attitude. Although she was displeased, she didn’t show it on her face.
“It's Essie and Mr. Farwell’s wishes that Essie stays here. As you’re her grandma, | have nothing to say if you want to bring her back, but | hope you respect Essie’s opinions.”
Sonya frowned in displeasure. I’ve already asked Essie just now. | wonder what sorcery Roxanne has cast on her to make her refuse to go home. That’s why | turned to ask Roxanne, but | didn’t expect this woman to be so tactless!
Sonya was livid. Just then, Estella spoke. “Grandma, | don’t want to go home. | want to stay here and play with Archie and Benny.” Estella looked at Sonya pitifully.
Usually, when Estella wore such an expression, Sonya would have gone along with her wishes. However, she was filled with rage right now, so Estella’s look only added fuel to the fire.
“You have to go home even if you don’t want to. You belong to the Farwell family. How can you stay at someone else’s house all the time and cause them trouble?”
Cowering in fear, Estella replied forlornly, “I didn’t cause trouble.” She turned to look at Roxanne, wanting to get her agreement. Roxanne’s heart softened as she met Estella’s gaze and nodded with a smile. “You didn’t cause trouble.”
Upon hearing that, Estella turned to look at Sonya again, hoping the latter would understand that she wasn’t a trouble to Roxanne.
The fire in Sonya’s heart burned even stronger when she heard their conversation, but she couldn’t vent her anger at Estella. She raised her head to look at Roxanne, who was standing at the side.
“If you're so free, you might as well spend more time on your two children. Essie belongs to the Farwell family. You don’t need to pretend to be nice and look after her!” Sonya said, sweeping a cold glance at Archie and Benny.
Archie and Benny had been staring longingly at Sonya. Since she was Estella’s grandmother, it meant she was also their grandmother.
Although they never lacked the love of an elder, they still felt an inexplicable sense of kinship seeing Sonya.
However, that warmth faded when they noticed Sonya’s attitude toward Roxanne, and now, they felt even more disappointed to be looked upon so coldly by Sonya.
With that, they averted their gazes from Sonya. Roxanne stepped forward and pulled them behind her. “I’m only doing what I’m supposed to do as a doctor. Mrs. Farwell, you don’t need to worry. | have no interest in that position.”
Archie and Benny did not understand what position she was referring to, but Sonya did. “You better be!” Sonya snorted before standing up from the couch while carrying Estella.
When Estella realized that Sonya was taking her away, tears immediately gathered in her eyes. “Archie, Benny... My brothers...” she choked out.
Sonya’s heart ached for a moment when she heard Estella’s sorrowful voice, but she soon steeled her heart and said sternly, “They are not your brothers. The Farwell family only has one child. You have no brothers.”
That only made Estella wail harder. Unable to look on any longer, Roxanne wanted to go forward and comfort Estella, but Sonya’s gaze pinned her to her spot.
However, Archie and Benny only noticed that Estella was crying badly, so they hurriedly ran over to comfort her. “Grandma, please let Essie stay for another two days! We will take good care of her!” 
###Chapter 973
Chapter 973
Chapter 973 Deal With The Marriage Contract
Archie and Benny had only addressed Sonya as grandma out of politeness, but in the next instant, Sonya snapped, “You two don’t belong to the Farwell family, so you shouldn't be calling me that! If you want to see your grandma, ask your mom to take you to her!”
Having said that, Sonya was about to walk around them and leave. Archie and Benny felt dejected and pained to hear Sonya scold them and deny their relationship. But upon hearing Estella’s wails get louder, they regained their senses and stood before Sonya, gritting their teeth.
Seeing Archie and Benny blocking her way, Sonya furrowed her brows, irritated by their persistence.
“We won't call you Grandma anymore, but it’s obvious Essie doesn’t want to leave. You can’t force her! You also know about her situation. She can’t continue crying like this!” the two said stubbornly.
“Mind your own business! | will naturally take care of my granddaughter well!” Sonya replied icily before turning to speak to Roxanne. “Control your sons. Tell them to stop blocking my way!”
Seeing Archie and Benny argue with Sonya while she stood in her original spot, Roxanne felt touched.
My heart aches too when | see Essie crying so badly. But as Sonya said, Essie belongs to the Farwell family, so | have no reason to stop Sonya. However, even Archie and Benny have stepped forward. | cannot stand idly by any longer. Moreover, Sonya is treating Estella in such a manner. | wonder how Archie and Benny would feel if they knew their biological grandmother had been refusing to acknowledge them as her grandsons. | would feel aggrieved too if | were in their shoes.
“Although Archie and Benny are not part of the Farwell family, they are just as concerned about Essie as you!” Roxanne walked forward and pulled Archie and Benny behind her. “Essie is crying so badly. If you really care about her, have you considered the consequences of her crying like this?”
Roxanne’s and her sons’ words rendered Sonya speechless. After a brief pause, Sonya replied impatiently, “I will bear responsibility for my own granddaughter. There’s no need for you to worry!”
If not for these three, Essie wouldn’t be crying this badly! Sonya glowered at Roxanne. “Nothing will happen to Essie if you stay away from her!”
“Ms. Jarvis...” Estella cried, gasping for air in Sonya’s arms. Roxanne’s heart clenched painfully. She wanted to hug and comfort Estella. However, under such circumstances, she knew it was impossible for her to do so. Sonya glanced at Archie and Benny who were standing behind Roxanne. “Ms. Jarvis, you’re a mother of two. Lucian already has
Essie and will be marrying Aubree in the future. | hope you have some self-respect.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne, Archie, and Benny froze. Lucian had told them he would be pursuing Roxanne and would settle the issue regarding Aubree. They never asked him how he would deal with that marriage contract afterward.
Little did they expect to hear this from Sonya. The matter they had almost forgotten came rushing back to their heads because of Sonya.
At that moment, they were all dumbstruck. Sonya shot them one last icy glare before striding toward her car with Estella in her arms. Soon, Estella’s cries were muffled as the car door closed.
By the time Roxanne snapped back to reality, Sonya’s car had already sped off. 
###Chapter 974
Chapter 974
Chapter 974 Four Servings
Estella had already been taken away, so there was nothing they could do now. Roxanne could only return to the mansion with Archie and Benny. The three kids were going to help her with lunch, but in the end, she had to do it herself.
After finishing cooking lunch with mixed feelings, Roxanne went to the living room to call Archie and Benny over to eat. However, she received no reply after calling them twice.
Confused, she walked over to them and saw them sitting on the carpet absent-mindedly with the untouched Lego model before them. “What are you thinking about?”
Noticing that they looked depressed, Roxanne squatted before them in concern. Only then did the two come back to their senses. They only shared a glance and did not reply to Roxanne as they were thinking about Sonya’s words.
As they had been focused on helping Estella stay, they had no time to care about their own emotions. Now that Sonya had left with Estella, they felt despondent thinking about what had happened just now.
That’s our grandma, but she doesn’t want to acknowledge us. “Mommy, can we still play with Essie in the future?” Benny could not help but ask. Roxanne paused to ponder upon hearing that question.
I'm not sure too. From what | know of Sonya’s personality, | think she may make Estella transfer schools or do like what Aubree did and kick Archie and Benny out of kindergarten.
However, meeting Benny’s hopeful look, Roxanne could not bring herself to say no. “Of course,” she said, forcing a smile.
Wearing a doubtful and disappointed look on his face, Archie lowered his head and said, “But Grandma doesn't like us, and she doesn't allow Essie to call us her brothers.”
They were indirectly complaining about Sonya not recognizing them as her grandsons, but Roxanne thought they were worried Sonya wouldn’t let them play with Estella.
“What she says isn’t important. It’s enough as long as Essie loves you two.” Roxanne stroked Archie’s and Benny’s heads. “You two treat Essie so well and love her so much. She will remember that. Although you may not see her for the time being, she will definitely come back and play with you again in the future.”
“Really?” “I believe Essie loves you two as much as you love her,” Roxanne responded with a smile. Only then did a faint smile spread across Archie’s and Benny’s faces.
“All right, get up. Let's go eat. The food is getting cold.” They stood up and sat down with her at the dining table obediently. Roxanne thought she had already successfully comforted the two, but unfortunately, their dejected expressions were blatant as they ate. “Are you both still upset?”
Archie and Benny were still thinking about Sonya, but they didn’t want Roxanne to know. Benny panicked upon hearing that since he didn’t know what excuse to give.
Thankfully, Archie was quick to react. “We made four servings.” Roxanne glanced at the dining table. Estella’s favorite meatballs were still on the table, untouched.
Archie’s reminder also saddened Roxanne, but she forced herself to suppress it and comforted her sons first. Giving them a meatball each, she said, “Since Essie can’t eat it, we'll help her eat it. That way, it will be as if Essie’s eating with us.”
Staring at the signature meatballs in their bowls, Archie and Benny nodded obediently. 
###Chapter 975
Chapter 975
Chapter 975 Breaking My Heart
After lunch, Archie and Benny made up an excuse by saying they wanted to nap before running back to their room. Roxanne was feeling drained as well, so she tidied up the dining room before taking a nap herself.
In the boys’ room upstairs, Archie and Benny, who were supposed to be asleep, sat facing each other on the edge of their respective beds. At that moment, sadness was written all over their faces.
“| feel so sad, Archie.” Benny pursed his lips, and tears were welling up in his eyes. Benny had always been more sensitive. Not only did Sonya scold him, but she also brought Estella away.
Archie raised his gaze toward Benny. When Archie saw Benny's red eyes, he immediately got up and sat next to him. “You can feel sad, but you can’t cry,” Archie said.
Hearing that, Benny pouted and replied, “But why did Grandma have to talk to us that way?” Benny thought he was just being polite when he addressed Sonya as Grandma.
When he recalled how Sonya had scolded him moments ago, he couldn’t help but want to burst into tears.
Archie knew exactly how Benny felt. “Grandma treated us that way because she doesn’t know about our background. Besides, she hasn’t even accepted Mommy yet. | wonder what happened when Daddy and Mommy separated back then. It seems that Grandma doesn’t like Mommy one bit.”
Benny agreed with Archie’s analysis, and he nodded. What Grandma said to Mommy was worse than what Grandma said to us. With that in mind, Benny couldn't help but worry about Roxanne’s feelings. Mommy must be feeling worse than we do.
“If we want Grandma to treat Mommy better, we must get Daddy and Mommy back together,” Archie uttered in a serious tone. “Only then can they resolve the misunderstandings between them, and Grandma will finally know about our background.”
Benny looked excited when he exclaimed, “By then, Grandma won't have a problem with Essie addressing us as her brothers!” Archie nodded upon hearing that. There was also a hint of anticipation in his eyes.
“But...” Benny suddenly frowned.
Archie looked at Benny in puzzlement.
“| don’t know what is Daddy going to do about Ms. Pearson,” Benny continued in his cute voice. As long as Ms. Pearson is still around, there’s no way Mommy is going to accept Daddy. Daddy is also at fault. He told us he would settle the matter, but it’s still not settled.
Archie was worried about the same thing, but he chose to have faith in Lucian. Since Daddy has already said he would handle it, he surely will!
Right then, the boys made up their minds. If Daddy succumbs to Grandma’s pressure and marries Ms. Pearson, we'll tell Daddy about our identities! By then, Daddy will surely leave Ms. Pearson!
Meanwhile, Sonya was driving Estella back to the Farwell residence.
Estella was crying throughout the journey. Prior to that, Sonya was only pissed off at Roxanne. But now that she was alone with Estella, her cries broke her heart.
“You're a good girl, Essie. I'll bring you to shop for pretty dresses and dolls, okay?” Sonya tried to distract Estella, but it did not work at all.
Estella was still crying just as loud. Sonya had no choice but to change her tactic and coax the little one along the way home. “| want Daddy...” Estella sobbed, her face full of tears.
Sonya had no choice but to give in. | would rather her ask for Lucian than Roxanne! 
###Chapter 976
Chapter 976
Chapter 976 Give Her To Me
Thirty minutes later, Sonya’s car slowly came to a halt at the entrance of the Farwell residence. By then, Estella, who was sitting in the back seat, had gone quiet.
Sonya heaved a sigh of relief inwardly because she thought Estella was finally done crying after crying throughout the journey home. To her surprise, she saw that Estella’s face was still covered in tears when she opened the car door.
Estella had gotten tired from all the crying, but she was still crying silently. Upon seeing Sonya opening the door, Estella didn’t even bother turning her head toward Sonya.
Sonya’s heart ached when she saw her granddaughter sobbing silently. She reached out to lift Estella into her arms and consoled helplessly, “Why are you still crying? Do you really like Roxanne that much? Do | not treat you well enough?”
Estella shook her head. Sonya’s heart sank when she saw that. Is Essie turning rebellious because of Roxanne? This little girl doesn’t even want me anymore.
Her anger toward Roxanne intensified. Right when Sonya was about to say something, Estella suddenly wrapped her arms around Sonya’s neck.
She was using her actions to show Sonya that she was still fond of her. Noticing the gesture, Sonya felt better, and her expression softened.
While wiping the tears off Estella’s cheeks, Sonya said, “Listen to me, okay? Since she doesn’t want you, we'll also shut her out!” Back then, Roxanne’s cruel decision to abandon Estella had always been a thorn in Sonya’s side.
Estella didn’t know what Sonya was talking about. She thought Sonya was badmouthing Roxanne, and she started crying once again.
At that moment, Sonya felt utterly helpless and frustrated. All she could do was carry Estella into the mansion.
“Mrs. Farwell, Ms. Estella,” Catalina greeted respectfully when she saw them walking in. She had been upstairs telling Lucian to head down for a meal.
As soon as she finished her sentence, she noticed Estella’s face was drenched in tears.
Before she could react to it, Sonya demanded, “What are you waiting for? Go and prepare the dishes Ms. Estella likes to eat! Quick!” Sonya then patted Estella’s head and coaxed in a gentle tone, “What would you like to eat, Essie? I'll get Catalina to prepare for you...”
Sonya spoke while carrying Estella toward the couch in the living room. “Daddy...” Estella suddenly called out and let go of Sonya’s neck. Sonya was stunned.
In the next second, she heard a set of heavy footsteps approaching her.
After that, she heard her son saying unhappily, “Didn't you say you give up?”
Lucian furrowed his brows and reached out to carry Estella. Sonya didn’t react in time, so she didn’t let go of Estella immediately. At the same time, she was feeling guilty. Soon, Estella’s sobs grew louder, and she started struggling to break free.
Finally, Sonya regained her senses and saw her granddaughter struggling in her arms. Upset, she sat down on the couch with Estella still in her arms.
“| want Daddy!” Estella cried and stared at Lucian.
Lucian stood where he was and said, “No matter how angry you are, you can come at me. Essie is feeling uncomfortable, so | suggest you give her to me.”
Needless to say, Sonya’s heart wrenched in pain.
She could let go of Estella, but she couldn’t accept the fact that her granddaughter was fighting so hard to break free from her embrace. The thought of Estella’s attachment to Roxanne brought her anger to new heights. 
###Chapter 977
Chapter 977
Chapter 977 Guilty
“Be good, Essie. Let me carry you. Don’t cry,” Sonya comforted patiently. Unexpectedly, the more Sonya consoled Estella, the harder Estella cried. Estella was crying so hard that she could barely catch her breath.
Upon noticing that things had gotten out of hand, Sonya reluctantly passed Estella to Lucian. Estella’s wails soon grew weaker again and gradually turned into whimpers after she got into Lucian’s embrace.
The moment Lucian noticed how aggrieved Estella looked, he knew exactly what had happened. | wonder what ruthless things my mother did in order to bring Essie out of Roxanne’s house.
“You've spoiled her.” Sonya was dissatisfied. “Don’t you remember how heartless that woman was back then? Why do you still want Essie to get near her? | told you countless times to stay away from her! Why wouldn’t you listen? Are you happy now? Essie doesn’t even want to return to her own home anymore!”
Estella didn’t know what Sonya meant, but she could feel that Sonya was badmouthing Roxanne to Lucian.
Knowing that, Estella tugged at Lucian’s shirt and whined, “I want Ms. Jarvis...”
Sonya was infuriated when she heard that. “Why would you want her? She didn’t even want—”
Before Sonya could finish her sentence, Lucian interrupted, “Catalina, bring Essie upstairs.”
Catalina hurried toward Lucian and reached out to carry Estella.
Considering how hard Estella had been crying earlier on, Catalina didn’t know if Estella would allow being carried away.
Fortunately, Estella was sick of Sonya’s complaints. When she saw Catalina reaching out to her, she immediately leaped into Catalina’s embrace.
Catalina couldn’t help feeling helpless and heartbroken when she felt Estella sobbing silently in her arms. This is obviously an issue among adults. Why did they have to drag Ms. Estella into it?
Sonya was startled by Lucian’s aura, and she ended up stunned for a few seconds. She only regained her composure after Catalina brought Estella upstairs. It’s so obvious that Lucian doesn’t want Essie to hear our conversation after this.
Sonya’s expression turned increasingly grim by the second.
“Shouldn't Essie know about it as well? Why did you ask Catalina to bring her upstairs? Are you going to hide the truth from Essie forever? You can only keep her in the dark for so long. Don’t you think once Essie grows up she’s going to find out that the woman she’s so in love with is the same woman who abandoned her after giving birth to her? Do you think she'll be able to accept it?”
Sonya’s stubbornness was giving Lucian a headache. “As | said, there must be some misunderstandings. | just haven't figured it out yet.” As soon as those words fell, he heard his mother speaking those usual prejudiced words. “What misunderstandings are you
talking about? What lies before our eyes is the truth! Unlike Roxanne, Aubree—”
“I'll judge Aubree on my own,” Lucian interrupted coldly. If | let her continue talking, she’s only going to talk about how great Aubree is.
Sonya frowned, and she wanted to continue talking. However, she quickly noticed the change in Lucian’s aura.
Lucian stared at her with a grim expression and said, “How about you? You knew about Essie’s condition, but you still used extreme means to take her away from Roxanne. Have you ever considered that Essie’s condition may deteriorate at any time?”
When Sonya was at Roxanne’s, she had heard something similar from her, but she didn’t take it seriously. Perhaps Sonya just didn’t want to accept the fact that Roxanne cared about Estella.
Evidently, Sonya only felt guilty for her actions when she heard Lucian mentioning it. 
###Chapter 978
Chapter 978
Chapter 978 As Much As You Want
Lucian noticed the guilty look on his mother’s face. “I'll handle my own marriage and Estella’s life. What you think is best may not be the best in others’ eyes.”
In other words, he was telling her to stop meddling in his personal affairs. Sonya felt angry and guilty at the same time. “Whatever | did, | did it for your own good.” Lucian refused to respond to her because he knew how stubborn his mother was. Whatever | say is pointless.
“Essie is my granddaughter, so obviously | care about her. | wanted to bring her back with me, but she was crying for you. In the end, | still brought her back here, didn’t 1? Even if Essie has accepted Roxanne, Roxanne still has two more kids. If you were to
be with her in the future, what would happen to those two kids of hers? Are you going to give the Farwell family’s inheritance to
those... children?”
With much effort, she managed to stop herself from calling Archie and Benny a pair of illegitimate children. Prior to that, Sonya had never thought about the matter in that manner.
However, when she realized how biased Lucian was toward Roxanne, she had no choice but to consider the issue from that perspective. What if Roxanne really comes back? What’s going to happen to those two illegitimate children? Are they going to be a part of the Farwell family? Am | supposed to watch Lucian give the Farwell family’s inheritance to those two illegitimate children? | can’t let that happen! That’s it. | want no one but Aubree to be the Farwell family’s daughter-in-law! At the very least, Aubree is a lot more decent than Roxanne! Even if Lucian and Aubree decide not to have their own children in the future, at least | know Essie is still a descendant of the Farwell family!
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen Lucian remained silent the entire time. Although Sonya’s words were harsh, Lucian could only frown in response.
Seeing how bullheaded Lucian was, Sonya abruptly stood up and roared, “I can’t do anything about the fact that you’re delaying your wedding with Aubree. But for as long as I’m still breathing, I'll never accept Roxanne as your wife!”
With that, she left without turning back. Lucian merely watched her leave the mansion instead of sending her off.
“Mr. Farwell.” Catalina had been waiting upstairs the entire time. She only went down with a concerned expression after she saw Sonya leave.
“How's Essie?” Lucian asked.
Catalina looked upstairs and said, “She’s still crying.”
She couldn't console Estella, so she had gone down to ask Lucian for help.
Lucian nodded and went up to Estella’s room.
As usual, she was hiding at the foot of the bed, hugging her knees, and burying her head in between her knees. It was as if that was the only way she could isolate herself from the rest of the world.
Seeing that, Lucian paused in his tracks for a brief moment before continuing forward with a casual expression on his face.
“Don't cry, Essie.”
Estella raised her head when she heard his voice.
That tear-filled face of hers could definitely break one’s heart, Lucian’s included.
He wiped the tears off of her cheeks and asked in a deep voice, “What did your grandma say to you?” “Grandma said | can’t play with Archie and Benny anymore,” Estella choked out tearfully.
Lucian patted her head and uttered, “You don’t have to take those words seriously. You can play with them as much as you want.”
“Really?” Estella was skeptical. “Whatever I say, goes.” Lucian nodded.
Estella gradually stopped crying when she heard that. 
###Chapter 979
Chapter 979
Chapter 979 Suspects
After comforting Estella, Lucian left the room. As he walked to his study, he contemplated the reaction of Sonya and Estella. Lucian furrowed his brows at that thought and pulled out his phone.
Essie was crying so badly when my mother brought her back. Something must have happened. What did my mother say to Roxanne? It’s not a good idea for me to ask Essie about it, as it might trigger her emotions again. | don’t want to see her cry.
After much pondering, Lucian decided to give Roxanne a call. What if my mother said something mean to Roxanne? If that’s the case, | should give her a call to apologize...
Because of Sonya’s abrupt appearance, Roxanne kept having dreams during her nap. In her dreams, Estella was crying and wanted a hug from her. However, she could not reach her at all.
Roxanne woke up feeling uneasy after encountering those awful dreams. Before she could return to her senses, the phone on the table suddenly rang.
She grabbed her phone to take a glance, only to see the phone call from Lucian. It’s him. There are only two possibilities for him to call me at this odd hour. It’s either he has found my stalker or he’s calling me to talk about Essie.
No matter what, Roxanne had no other option but to answer his call. “I’m sorry.”
The moment the call got connected, Lucian’s deep voice rang out. Roxanne was still half awake. She was slightly stunned when she heard his words. Why is he apologizing to me?
“It's not my intention to bring Essie back,” Lucian went on.
Only then did Roxanne snap out of her daze and recall Sonya’s callous remarks. Realizing that Lucian had called because of Sonya’s behavior, she sensed a peculiar sensation swelling within her.
She could guess that it was not Lucian’s intention to bring Estella back. Otherwise, Lucian would have appeared at her house instead of Sonya.
Nevertheless, Roxanne had never expected an apology from Lucian. “It’s fine. It’s just that Essie was crying very badly just now.” She skipped the awkward conversation by switching the topic to Estella.
“She was bawling when she got home. It took some time for me to comfort her. She stopped crying after | assured her that she could still hang out and have fun with the kids another time,” Lucian said.
Roxanne heaved a silent sigh of relief. She knew how difficult it was to calm down a crying Estella. “That's good.” “About my mom...”
Lucian was trying to dive deep by asking her the question. However, Roxanne was reluctant to bring up the matter. She merely replied casually, “No worries. | understand that Mrs. Farwell did that for the sake of Essie.”
There was a note of finality in her tone. Lucian stopped probing further. “Is there anything else, Mr. Farwell? If there’s none, I'll hang up now.”
Somehow, Lucian could sense a hint of resistance and avoidance in Roxanne’s voice.
The look in Lucian’s eyes turned increasingly gloomy as he realized that. Hearing no reply from him, Roxanne was about to hang up.
Sonya’s harsh words had been as sharp as a blade, hurting Roxanne’s feelings. Naturally, she refused to recall that incident by talking about it.
As she moved her phone away from her ear, she heard Lucian speaking again on the other end of the line. “By the way, do you have any suspects in mind regarding the person who followed you?”
Hearing that, Roxanne paused and placed the phone to her ear again.
She hesitated for a few seconds before answering, “No.”
As a matter of fact, Roxanne had a suspect in mind all this while, and that was Aubree.
Whether it’s Aubree or Sonya, their only motive is to keep me away from Lucian. 
###Chapter 980
Chapter 980
Chapter 980 Excuse
Roxanne lowered her head at that thought. As long as I keep a distance from Essie and Lucian, Aubree and Sonya won't come and bother me. If | get close to them, Aubree might do something even crazier.
Previously, Aubree had ruthlessly infected Estella with bacteria. Thinking about that alone, Roxanne felt a chill running down her spine.
“Have you tried thinking about it carefully during this period?” Lucian interrogated. He was quick to notice Roxanne’s strange attitude and tone. He refused to let her hang up on him just like that.
He had already spotted her behavior change at the campsite and had a hunch that she might be concealing something. There must be something fishy going on.
Meanwhile, his question caused Roxanne to feel a wave of turmoil within her. She persisted in not revealing anything, nonetheless.
“Mr. Farwell, didn’t you ask people to watch over me? If none of them find anything suspicious, it’s impossible for me to have anyone in mind.”
The crease between Lucian’s brows deepened. He stayed silent after hearing her words.
It's because | sent someone to spy on Cory as well. That’s why Cory stops appearing around Roxanne. However, | didn’t find anything suspicious about him.
Roxanne remarked, “I don’t feel anything unusual during this time. Moreover, Estella is now back at your place. | think it’s safe for you to send your people away.”
After all, she had only agreed for Lucian to arrange for people to keep an eye out on them to ensure Estella’s safety. Now that Estella had gone back, there was no need for that anymore. Lucian wanted to reject her request instinctively, worried that Roxanne might get into danger if he dismissed the men around her.
However, something popped into his mind, changing his thoughts. It’s a futile attempt for me to tail both sides. | might never be able to find out the person behind this. Instead of remaining at this impasse, | might as well reveal a flaw to them.
With that thought in mind, Lucian said, “Okay. I'll ask them to leave soon.” Hearing how Lucian agreed almost instantly, she could not help but feel a queer feeling arise within her. It took several seconds for her to finally suppress her peculiar sensation.
Roxanne stayed silent for a long while before saying, “I'll be busy with work these days, so | might not be able to take care of Essie. Could you please help me with that if Essie looks for me?”
Her words caused Lucian to furrow his brows deeply.
There she goes again with this excuse. She’s trying to use work to avoid me and Essie again!
The images of Estella crying pitifully just now occurred to him, and he could feel anger stirring within him.
Roxanne did not expect any reply from him. She added, “This project is important to me. | hope you understand, Mr. Farwell.” Upon hearing the mention of the project, Lucian could not help but think of the Damaris family, as it was a project led by them. Why did she bring that up? That means she'll be hanging around with Jack often again!
Rage quickened Lucian’s blood. He could not contain his frustration and responded in a blunt tone, “Yes. | understand that you'll be occupied with work. I'll tell Essie about that and ask her to behave welll”
With that, Lucian hung up the phone. Just when Roxanne was about to say something, the call got disconnected. She felt utterly helpless as she watched her phone screen fade to black.
| have to keep a distance from Essie. This is the only way | can protect her for now. 
###Chapter 981
Chapter 981
Chapter 981 Keep That In Mind
Just as the call ended and before Roxanne could recollect herself, someone knocked on the bedroom door. “Mommy!” When she opened the door, she was greeted by two lively boys.
The boys had been waiting in their room for the entire afternoon, but their mother never came out to call them. Thus, they came out themselves.
Suppressing the strange feelings in her chest, Roxanne forced a smile at the two boys. Nevertheless, Archie and Benny were sensitive to her emotions, and they instantly figured out that she looked upset.
Benny carefully tugged the hem of his mother’s shirt and asked, “Mommy, what’s wrong?” At the same time, Archie was quietly watching her from the side, seemingly trying to decipher something by studying her face.
Roxanne put on a nonchalant smile and said, “It’s nothing. | just had a nightmare earlier.” Hearing that, Benny shared a look with his brother.
It was clear that both boys did not believe her. Roxanne could see their suspicions, but there was nothing she could do about that.
She could never notice when the boys were putting on an act, but the boys could always figure out right away if anything happened to her.
“Is it because of Grandma?” Archie asked, cocking his head to the side. Even though Mommy didn’t show it earlier, Grandma’s words were indeed quite hurtful.
The way the boy called Sonya made Roxanne freeze for a moment. Grandma. Yes, that’s the way the boys should call Sonya if they know about their history. If not for me trying to keep things under wrap, Sonya would not have said such cruel words to the boys.
Roxanne gazed at Archie and Benny with an apologetic look. “Didn’t Mommy say not to take Grandma’s words to heart? All we need is for Essie to like us.”
Archie carefully held his mother’s finger and shook it.
Also, once Mommy gets back together with Daddy, Grandma’s impression of us will surely change. But | don’t think we'll like her as much.
Every time the boys called Sonya “Grandma,” Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat. She said, “Remember that you have to call her Mrs. Farwell, not Grandma.” The boys looked at their mother in confusion and asked, “Why?”
Traces of guilt flashed past Roxanne’s eyes as she ruffled the boys’ hair. “That’s because... she’s not your real grandma. You can only call your real grandma that.”
For a brief second, the boys’ expressions changed when they heard her, but they soon schooled their faces back to a neutral look.
“Okay, we'll keep that in mind.”
We know our history, but since Mommy wants us to call her that instead, we'll do as she says.
Roxanne finally let out a sigh of relief at their agreement. “I'll be busy with work these days, so | might not be able to pick you up. You have to be good kids and listen to Ms. Lane, okay?”
Lysa had just returned from her leave, and Roxanne was taking the opportunity to keep a distance from Estella.
Hearing that, the boys thought about how their mother corrected the way they called Sonya and realized what was going on. Mommy’s going to avoid Daddy and Essie again. And yet she says it’s not because of Grandma's words...
“But if Essie starts crying...”
Benny could understand why his mother was doing that, but he was still worried about Estella.
Roxanne lowered her gaze. “I'll have to ask you to help me coax Essie, then.”
While she needed to keep a distance from Estella, the boys did not. 
###Chapter 982
Chapter 982
Chapter 982 Estella Was Worried
The next few days, Roxanne did not send the children or pick them up because of her work. Like the previous time, the boys would come back and hint to her about how upset Estella was to not see her.
Although Roxanne’s heart ached whenever she heard that, she said nothing about it. One night, as usual, the children waited for their parents to pick them up after school
Estella stared at the two boys. Without even needing her to say anything, the boys knew what she was going to say. Her question would be none other than when their mother was going to come.
Estella’s continuous stares throughout the past few days could burn a hole in their faces at this rate. However, they could not do anything if their mother did not give them her permission.
Not long after, Lysa appeared in the line for parents. Estella looked away in disappointment. Archie and Benny did not leave immediately. They waited until Lucian’s car appeared before leaving with Lysa.
“Daddy,” Estella miserably called out as she watched her father come closer to her. Lucian was slow, and as he walked to her, he swept his gaze around Estella.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Seemingly knowing what her father was looking for, Estella mumbled, “Ms. Lane has picked up Archie and Benny.” Lucian stopped looking around and stood before the girl, saying nothing else as he took her hand.
After greeting Pippa, Lucian brought Estella into the car.
Although it was normal for Lucian to hold Estella’s hand, there was something strange about it this time. “Daddy, your hand feels hot.”
Lucian furrowed his brows and silently let go of her before walking behind her instead.
Estella did not dwell on that, and she climbed into the car.
Lucian started the car engine.
“Daddy, let’s go to play with Archie and Benny,” came Estella’s voice a moment later.
Lucian only frowned and replied, “Ms. Jarvis is busy lately. Let's wait for her to be done with work first.” That was what Roxanne had told him after all.
The light in Estella’s eyes dimmed at that. “But it’s been such a long time since I’ve seen Ms. Jarvis...” Roxanne had not contacted him ever since that call, and the fury in Lucian had yet to die down. Frustration was the only thing he felt when he heard Estella mentioning Roxanne.
“We'll see her once she’s done with her work,” Lucian uttered in a strangely hoarse voice.
Estella could sense that something seemed off about her father, but she could not figure out what exactly it was, so she stayed quiet.
Upon reaching the Farwell residence, Lucian got out of the car first. Then he turned around to carry Estella down as well. Carrying Estella had always been an easy task for him, but he stumbled this time.
“Daddy!”
Estella was frightened, and once her father regained his balance, she looked up at his face in concern.
The sight that she saw was Lucian’s pale face.
Seeing the worry in Estella’s eyes, Lucian patted her head gently in consolation. “I’m fine. | might have caught a cold.” He had been feeling weak the entire day, and the girl had pointed out how hot his palm was earlier.
It must be because | caught a cold, then.
Lucian did not think much about it. He had always been as healthy as a horse; this was only a cold. He was sure that he would be fine after a night’s rest.
However, Estella was worried.
She had never seen her father this weak before.
“Go on in.”
Fearing that he would pass the virus to her, Lucian did not hold the girl’s hand again.
Estella stared at her father’s back as worry washed over her. 
###Chapter 983
Chapter 983
Chapter 983 My Turn “Mr. Farwell,” Catalina greeted him when she saw him enter. She had prepared dinner. “Dinner is—”
Before she could finish her sentence, Lucian interrupted tiredly, “| won't be eating; I'll be resting upstairs. I'll leave Essie to you.” Right as he said that, Estella entered the house.
Noticing that Lucian seemed unwell, Catalina said nothing else. After watching Lucian head up the stairs, she led the girl to the dining table.
Estella was staring up the stairs with a worried look on her face. “Daddy’s not feeling well.” Catalina patted her head and reassured her, “I'll go and take a look at him later. Eat while dinner is hot, Ms. Estella.”
Estella was still worried and was distracted throughout dinner. After finally finishing her meal, she made to run up the stairs. Catalina hurried after her.
The door to Lucian’s bedroom was tightly shut. Estella knocked on the door cautiously but received no response. “Daddy?” she called out. Silence answered her. She glanced at Catalina anxiously.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Even Catalina was starting to worry. She had seen how pale Lucian looked. Still, as she thought that he would be able to take care of himself, and since Estella needed taking care of, she did not head upstairs right away.
She did not expect the situation to be this serious. Catalina and Estella exchanged a glance before the former hesitantly opened the door.
Fortunately, Lucian did not have the habit of locking his door, so they could get into the room with ease. As it turned out, Lucian was lying on his bed, securely under his covers. He was asleep.
He seemed fine at the first glance, but the two of them soon notice the unnatural blush on his face and his furrowed brows. “Daddy!” Estella ran to the side of his bed to take a better look at her father’s condition.
Unlike her, Catalina hastily made a call to the family doctor. Just as she ended the call, Lucian woke up from their voices.
When he squinted at the side of the bed and noticed the small figure there, he quickly said, “Go out, Essie. I’m sick, and I'll spread it to you.” Estella shook her head fervently.
Lucian’s voice was raspy, and Estella knew that he had a bad cold. “I want to take care of you, Daddy!” the girl protested. Lucian was unfazed by it. “Catalina, bring Essie out.”
Catalina gave him a curt nod and walked over to the side of the bed. “Mr. Farwell, I've asked Dr. Elswick to make a trip here.” Lucian inclined his head. “Please bring Essie out.” “No!” Estella stubbornly ran away from Catalina. “I want to take care of Daddy!” Not daring to use any force on the girl, Catalina
had no choice but to call out, “Ms. Estella...”
With a somber look, Estella uttered, “Daddy always takes care of me when I'm sick, so now it’s my turn to take care of Daddy!” Catalina turned to look at Lucian with a frown.
“You want to take care of me?” Lucian asked, staring at his daughter. Estella bobbed her head vigorously. “Then please get me a glass of water from downstairs.” Hearing that, Estella spun around without hesitation and went out of the room.
It was only then Lucian said to Catalina, “Go after Essie and take care of her. When Dr. Elswick is here, get him to come upstairs.”
Catalina nodded and turned to leave. 
###Chapter 984
Chapter 984
Chapter 984 None Other Than Roxanne
Right as Estella brought water over, she saw Catalina exiting the room and closing the door behind her. At that, she quickened her pace and jogged over to the doorway before looking at Catalina angrily.
“| want to give this to Daddy!” The second Catalina turned around, she was greeted by the sight of the sulking girl. A resigned look crept into her eyes. Mr. Farwell enjoys giving me challenges like these, doesn’t he?
“Ms. Estella, Mr. Farwell isn’t feeling well, and he has gone to sleep again.” Catalina dared not look into Estella’s eyes as she spoke, for she could not bear to lie to the girl.
Upon hearing that her father had gone to sleep, Estella looked at the glass of water in her hands in disappointment and in silence.
Catalina glanced at the time. It would still take some time before Sonny got here, so she brought Estella back to her room to rest. Half an hour later, Sonny walked into the mansion with his medical kit.
By then, Catalina had already coaxed Estella to sleep, so she came out to lead Sonny into Lucian’s bedroom.
Lucian had fallen asleep again.
“Mr. Farwell did not seem well when he came home today,” Catalina said to Sonny as she looked at Lucian worriedly.
Sonny nodded. Then he stepped forward to give Lucian a checkup.
During the checkup, Lucian woke up from the doctor’s movement. When he realized it was Sonny, he asked in a hoarse voice, “So what is it?”
“You're ill because you’re overworked,” Sonny said. “And something's bothering you, so your flu-like symptoms are extra worse. You'll need to rest well during this time.”
Something's bothering me...
Both Lucian and Catalina frowned.
Lucian, of course, knew what he was bothered about.
It was because of none other than Roxanne, who wanted to cut ties with him again.
Catalina was taken aback.
She knew all along that Lucian was not one to wear his heart on his sleeve.
Therefore, this was her first time seeing him ill because of the troubles in his mind.
She wondered what it was about.
Sonny asked if Lucian wanted to get an IV drip, which Lucian rejected. After prescribing Lucian some medicine, he left. “How is Essie?” Lucian asked.
“She made a fuss for a while, but she’s asleep now.”
Indeed, Estella had been kicking up a fuss to see her father, but Catalina had managed to stop her from entering his room. After a while, Estella grew tired and fell asleep.
Hearing that, Lucian relaxed and tiredly closed his eyes.
Perhaps it was because he was sick. He was exceptionally sleepy. Seconds after closing his eyes, he fell asleep.
Catalina tiptoed out of the room.
That night, Catalina barely slept a wink. She would check on Lucian every once in a while.
She had thought he had only caught a normal cold and would be fine after a night’s rest.
Yet, even when the next morning came, Lucian was still having a high fever.
The moment Estella woke up, she began insisting on seeing her father. Left without a choice, Catalina did as she asked. Lucian was still asleep.
The girl looked at him from afar, and tears welled up in her eyes.
It was her first time seeing her father as sick as that.
“Mr. Farwell has instructed me to send you to school if he’s still unwell the next day,” Catalina informed Estella as she ruffled her hair. “Once | come back, I'll take good care of Mr. Farwell.”
Estella was reluctant to leave, but she knew she could not go against her father.
Furthermore, her father was still sick. She did not want him to worry about her, so she nodded obediently. 
###Chapter 985
Chapter 985
Chapter 985 Made Up Their Minds
Estella was still down in the dumps when she arrived at the kindergarten. In the past, she would always take the initiative to look for Archie and Benny during recess so they could play together.
That day, however, the two boys waited for a long time but did not see her approach them. Hence, they went up to her and said, “Let's play a game, Essie!”
Her eyes reddened as she shook her head weakly. Seeing that, Archie and Benny exchanged concerned looks. “What’s the matter? Did someone bully you?”
Estella shook her head again. The image of Lucian looking ill floated in her mind. He’s sick...
Suddenly, an idea popped into her head, and her eyes lit up. She glanced at the two boys next to her. Archie and Benny were still looking at her worriedly. When they saw her gazing at them thoughtfully, they were confused.
The next moment, they heard Estella say in her adorable voice, “Daddy...” She sounded as though she was on the verge of tears. The boys’ expressions turned grave, and they gazed at her earnestly.
Looking at them miserably, she continued, “Daddy is sick, but he won't let me stay home to look after him.” Archie’s and Benny's chests tightened when they heard that Lucian was not feeling well. They hurriedly asked, “How is he? Why did he suddenly fall sick?”
“| think he has the flu. However, his body feels hot to the touch. | wanted to take care of him, but he said I'd catch it and wouldn’t let me in,” Estella replied.
Archie and Benny glanced at each other, realizing that Lucian was running a fever. And judging by how worried Essie looks, he must have a high fever.
Although they were also fraught with worry, they chose to comfort Estella. “Mr. Farwell is an adult, so he knows his condition. Children like us have weaker immune systems. That's why he didn’t allow you to go in,” Archie said, stroking Estella’s hair reassuringly.
“If worse comes to worst, we can ask Mommy to go over and take a look at him,” Benny chimed in. No sooner had the words left his mouth than he felt a twinge of regret.
| still don’t know what Mommy’s thinking of doing. If she’s insistent about avoiding Daddy and Essie, then what | just said will only end in another disappointment for Essie.
As that thought crossed his mind, he bowed his head guiltily.
However, Estella’s eyes glimmered with hope as soon as she heard him say they could ask Roxanne to check on Lucian. “Really?”
Looking up and meeting her expectant gaze, Benny could not bear to break it to her. He could only turn to Archie for help. Sensing Benny’s pleading gaze and taking in the eager look on Estella’s face, Archie nodded immediately. “Our mommy is an excellent doctor. It’s only flu, so it won't take long for him to get better.”
A faint smile finally spread across Estella’s lips.
It went without saying that she knew Roxanne was a good doctor who could cure her father in no time. If Ms. Jarvis does go to treat Daddy, I'll get to see her!
Her spirits lifted, and her heart was filled with anticipation.
As for Archie and Benny, they were caught in a dilemma.
Although they were concerned about Lucian, they did not know whether Roxanne would be willing to treat him after learning he was ill.
If she were unwilling, not only would they incur their mother’s suspicion again, but they would also have to face Estella’s look of disappointment.
We really don’t want to let Essie down...
Exchanging furtive glances, the two boys silently made up their minds that they would make sure Roxanne went to treat Lucian. 
###Chapter 986
Chapter 986
Chapter 986 Let Her Be
While that was happening, Sonny had also informed Sonya that Lucian was unwell. Although she had previously gotten into an argument with Lucian, she still decided to personally check in on her son upon learning of his condition.
“Mrs. Farwell.” When Catalina saw Sonya walking through the door, she could not help thinking about how the mother-son pair had quarreled the last time. She hesitated, wondering whether to let the latter go upstairs or not.
Naturally, Sonya paid no mind to her hesitation. “Is Lucian in his room?” Catalina nodded. “He’s not feeling well and is resting. How about—
Before she could finish her sentence, Sonya interrupted impatiently, “My son has fallen ill. As his mother, of course | want to see
him.”
With that, she strode upstairs.
Not daring to stop her, Catalina could only trail behind awkwardly.
Over in the bedroom, Lucian thought it was Catalina coming to check on him again when he heard a knock on the door.
“Come in,” he responded in a low voice.
Soon, the door opened, and he heard his mother’s voice ring out. “I heard from Dr. Elswick that you're sick. How are you feeling?”
Lucian’s brows drew together sharply as he turned toward the direction of the voice. By then, Sonya had already walked over to his bed, pulled up a chair, and sat down with a frown.
“Dr. Elswick says it’s because you're overworked. He also said something is bothering you. Is it because of Roxanne? What makes her worth your worry? Back then, that woman left without a word. She was gone for six years. Did she ever consider your feelings?” Sonya said, looking utterly mystified.
Lucian could not be bothered to argue with her and merely replied, “You're overthinking. I’m a little tired. | want to take a nap.” After saying that, he ignored her and closed his eyes.
It was evident to Sonya that he was trying to avoid the topic, and anger rose within her.
“It's not that | don’t care about your health. It’s just that the cause of your illness is completely unacceptable to me!”
He opened his eyes again and glanced at her. “If you care that much about me, let me rest.”
Sonya still felt like venting, but she suppressed the urge to do so when she saw how ill he looked.
She glared at him for a few seconds, then stood up expressionlessly. “I'll get Aubree to come and look after you. You’d better not send her away.”
With that, she spun on her heel and left.
Catalina felt a sense of helplessness at the tension hanging in the air between the duo.
Nonetheless, when she saw Sonya go downstairs, she still had to hurry after her respectfully and send her off.
After watching Sonya leave, she turned around and went back upstairs.
She thought of saying that since Lucian was not feeling well and Sonya had purposely come to visit him, the pair could take the opportunity to reconcile.
However, she swallowed her unspoken words when she remembered that Sonya wanted to tear Lucian and Roxanne apart. By the time she returned to the bedroom, Lucian was already sitting up, leaning against the headboard and working. Catalina’s heart sank. “Mr. Farwell, you should rest for a while.”
He lifted his gaze and glanced at her. “That’s not necessary. I’ve already slept for a long time and have had enough sleep.” Knowing that she would not be able to change his mind, Catalina fell silent.
After a while, she thought of something and said hesitantly, “Mrs. Farwell mentioned that she’d get Ms. Pearson to come by. When she comes...”
Should | let her in or ask her to leave? Lucian knew what the woman was thinking. He frowned and was silent for several seconds. Then he answered, “Let her be.”
Clearly, my mother is annoyed by my attitude. If | don’t put up with what she wants for a bit, I'm afraid she'll go and stir up trouble for Roxanne.
After getting a clear answer, Catalina breathed a sigh of relief and left the room. 
###Chapter 987
Chapter 987
Chapter 987 Look After You
Sonya was a woman of her word. That afternoon, Aubree appeared at the Farwell residence door. Catalina gazed at Aubree on the video intercom screen. Recalling Lucian’s instructions, she let her in.
Aubree had a thermal container in her hand, and she headed for the stairs as soon as she walked in. “Ms. Pearson,” Catalina called out, wanting to tell her that Lucian was working and not to go up and disturb him.
To her surprise, Aubree acted as though she was invisible and went straight upstairs. As the older woman watched Aubree waltz off, her thoughts inadvertently turned to Roxanne.
It's just as | thought. In comparison, Ms. Jarvis is still a much nicer person. She sighed, then quickly hurried after Aubree.
Aubree walked up to the door to Lucian’s bedroom. She raised her hand to knock on the door, then entered the room without waiting for a response.
“Lucian—" She broke off abruptly when she saw him sitting on the bed and working. “Why are you up? Mrs. Farwell told me you were resting.”
Lucian was in the middle of going through his emails. When he heard what she said, he looked up impatiently and glanced at her.
“Even if | was resting, does it mean you can barge in like this?”
His retort left her speechless. After a while, she finally explained guiltily, “| was just worried about you after hearing Mrs. Farwell say that you’re feeling under the weather.”
After saying that, she composed herself and approached him with a concerned expression. Then she opened the thermal container.
“| made this broth earlier this afternoon after learning that you were ill. Hurry up and try it.”
As she spoke, she made to serve him some broth.
However, he did not even spare her a glance as he replied, “No, thanks. I’ve already had lunch.”
She paused. “It’s just a little broth. It won’t be very filling. My mother makes it for me whenever | fall sick.” A hint of displeasure flashed across his eyes as he stared at the broth she placed in front of him.
Catalina had been a few steps behind Aubree. As soon as she walked into the room and took in the scene, she cleared her throat helplessly. “Ms. Pearson, Mr. Farwell is running a fever. It’s best if he doesn’t have anything too oily.”
I'm just telling the truth. Apart from that, it’s also because | can see Mr. Farwell doesn’t want to pay her any attention. If things go on as itis, I’m afraid the atmosphere will become very strained.
Upon hearing that, Aubree froze.
Lucian gazed up at her impassively, then reached out and brushed her hands away. “I appreciate the thought, but there’s no need to do anything unnecessary.”
Aubree looked upset. “It’s my fault for not taking that into consideration. How about | help to make dinner? I’ll make you some risotto.”
“Catalina will take care of it. You don’t need to trouble yourself,” he replied flatly.
At those words, Aubree pretended to frown helplessly. “But... Mrs. Farwell asked me to come here to look after you.”
Lucian’s expression darkened when he heard her bring up his mother.
Sensing a shift in the atmosphere around him, she quickly stopped talking.
“I'm tired. I’m going to take a nap.”
Lucian set aside his phone and swept his gaze over the two ladies in the room.
“Ms. Pearson, why don’t | take you downstairs to get some rest?” Catalina hurriedly piped up. Needless to say, Aubree was unwilling to leave just like that.
However, Lucian was already lying on the bed with his back toward them, evidently having no intention of conversing with them any further.
Seeing that, Aubree had no choice but to follow Catalina out of the room. Once outside the room, Catalina stepped aside respectfully to allow Aubree to walk ahead.
As Aubree brushed past her, Catalina clearly sensed her shoot her a displeased look. 
###Chapter 988
Chapter 988
Chapter 988 Just Wait Patiently
The two ladies went downstairs, one after another. Catalina placed Aubree’s thermal container on the table. She was about to say something when she heard the latter’s cold voice ring out behind her. “Since Lucian can’t eat that, you can finish it for him.”
Catalina was momentarily stunned. Then she figured out what was going on. She’s venting her anger on me because of what | said earlier.
Realizing that, she suppressed the helplessness in her heart and answered politely, “Thank you. You're too kind, Ms. Pearson.” Aubree shot her an icy glare. The more she looked at Catalina, the more furious she was.
As soon as | received Mrs. Farwell’s call this morning, | had my housekeeper prepare the broth. | waited until the broth was done and brought it here, thinking of buttering Lucian up and getting in his good graces. However, | never expected my efforts to be ruined by this woman! And if | remember correctly, when Roxanne was still in this house, the two seemed to get along well.
At the thought of that, Aubree looked even more upset. “Do you also wish for Roxanne to come back?”
The question came out of the blue and stunned Catalina for a few seconds. Finally, she replied, “That's Mr. Farwell’s personal matter. As a subordinate, it’s not my place to comment on it.”
Aubree snorted coldly. “It's good that you know that. In the future, you’d better stay far away when I’m talking to Lucian.” Catalina gave a bitter smile as she nodded, missing the time when Roxanne had been around even more.
Since Lucian was ignoring Aubree, Catalina thought the latter would leave.
The last thing she expected was for Aubree to stay the entire afternoon.
Neither of the two women uttered a word to the other.
It was not until school was over for Estella that Catalina felt a sense of relief.
“Ms. Pearson, I’m going to pick up Ms. Estella from school. Would you—”
She was about to ask Aubree if the latter would like to join her.
However, Aubree cut her off mid-sentence and said, “You don’t have to go. Since I’m here, | should be the one to pick her up.” With that, she picked up her bag and rose to her feet.
Catalina balked at the suggestion when she thought about how deeply Estella disliked Aubree, but because of the difference in their statuses, she was not in a place to say anything.
All she could do was stand by and watch Aubree leave the house.
Upstairs, Lucian was bored from being cooped up inside his room and came out to get some air.
As soon as he got downstairs, he spotted Catalina looking anxious.
“Why are you still here? Shouldn't classes have ended for Essie by now?” he asked with a frown.
She turned to him with an embarrassed expression. “Ms. Pearson... She... | couldn’t stop her.”
His frown deepened at her reply. Nonetheless, he knew that if Aubree was the one to make the suggestion, it would be difficult for Catalina to dismiss it.
Ultimately, it was an oversight on my part.
“I'll go over myself.”
If | let Aubree pick Essie up, Essie will probably come home in tears.
Catalina could not help worrying when she heard that. “But you’re not—”
Lucian waved his hand dismissively. “It’s not that serious. I'll have the driver send me there.”
His response made her feel much more at ease, and she quickly went to get the driver.
The children were queuing up at the kindergarten entrance, waiting for their parents to pick them up.
Archie, Benny, and Estella gathered together. Estella’s face was etched with worry, and her eyes were still red-rimmed.
As the boys stood next to her, they reassured her in their piping voices, “Don’t worry, Essie. We'll soon bring Mommy over so that she can treat Mr. Farwell. Just wait patiently.” 
###Chapter 989
Chapter 989
Chapter 989 What Brings You Here
Estella nodded at Archie and Benny obediently. “Essie!” Just as the three children were chatting up a storm, someone suddenly called out to Estella from a distance.
The three children turned to look toward the direction of the voice in unison. Since Lucian was out sick, there was no way he would come pick up Estella.
By that logic, Catalina was likely the one who had come to fetch her. However, when they saw the person who was approaching, surprise tinged their expressions. One by one, they frowned.
The person who called out to Estella was Aubree. Paying no heed to Archie and Benny, Aubree strode toward Estella directly. “Essie, your father is still sick, so | came to pick you up in his stead.”
Aubree reached out, intending to take Estella’s hand.
Estella pursed her lips. A reluctant look spread across her face when she saw the woman's outstretched hand and she silently hid her hands behind her back.
Frowning slightly, Aubree admonished the little girl, “Essie.” Sensing the veiled threat in Aubree’s tone, Estella ran toward the boys and carefully hid behind them.
She would rather follow Lysa to Roxanne’s place than return with Aubree.
Estella had not forgotten the last time Aubree had sent her to school. The latter had spanked her bottom inside the car. I'm never going with that evil woman ever again! Sensing her fear, Archie and Benny stood in front of Estella protectively. “Ms. Pearson, we will see that Essie gets home in a bit.”
Aubree glanced at Archie and Benny and was suddenly reminded of Roxanne.
She maintained a smile on her face as she thought of the latter, but her eyes darkened perceptibly. “Since I’m already here, there’s no need to trouble anyone else.”
Estella tensed up behind the two boys, still refusing to come out. Pippa, who had watched the scene unfold, hurriedly came over to diffuse the situation. “Ms. Pearson, since Essie is unwilling, | will handle sending her home later.”
Aubree lifted her head and smiled at Pippa. “There’s no need. There seems to be some misunderstanding, but I’m sure Essie and | can resolve it.” She then glanced at the three children. “You two leave us. | have something to say to Essie.”
Archie and Benny looked at Estella hesitantly.
In response, Estella shook her head.
“Essie doesn’t want to talk to you,” the boys announced.
Aubree’s expression grew ugly when she heard the retort.
The little shits! | was planning to return with Estella in order to earn some brownie points from Lucian. Why is she making it so difficult?
“Your father will be worried if you return home late.” Aubree suppressed her rage. “He’s still not feeling well. Essie, be a good girl, and don’t cause trouble for your father.”
At the mention of her father, Estella hesitated for a moment before stepping out from behind the two boys.
However, when she saw Aubree’s face, she was immediately reminded of her horrible behavior.
Asurge of worry and fear enveloped Estella. Instantly, her eyes reddened, and tears began to well up.
“Be a good girl now.” Paying no heed to the little girl’s anxiety, Aubree reached out to grab her hand.
Just then, Pippa’s voice sounded from behind them.
“Mr. Farwell, what brings you here?”
Wasn't Ms. Pearson supposed to pick Essie up?
Upon hearing Pippa’s words, the children turned their attention toward Aubree and peered at her suspiciously before turning to look at Lucian, who was standing in front of them in casual clothing.
Perhaps it was because of his illness. Although his posture appeared to be laid back, his expression was anything but. 
###Chapter 990
Chapter 990
Chapter 990 Leave Essie To Me
“Lucian...” Aubree’s expression stiffened when she saw him. “Why are you here? | thought you were indisposed, so | came to fetch Essie.”
Lucian glanced at her calmly. “I don’t recall asking you to do such a thing.” The expressions of the people around them changed the moment they heard the words.
Pippa began to feel fearful. Although she knew about Aubree and Lucian’s relationship and that Aubree would not dare to do anything drastic to the little girl, Estella was not an ordinary little girl.
If Pippa were to allow Estella to be taken away unknowingly, she would likely face repercussions. Thank goodness Essie didn’t go with her...
Relief washed across Archie’s and Benny’s faces. They had thought that it was weird for Aubree to come to pick up Estella when their father knew the little girl did not like the woman.
It was the evil woman’s ploy all along! Hmph! Good thing we stopped her. “Come here, Essie.” Lucian held out a hand toward the girl.
Still shaken, Estella sniffed aggrievedly and took her father’s hand. Lucian turned to look at Archie and Benny. Before he could speak, a strong gust of wind suddenly blew.
Lucian covered his mouth, trying to stifle his cough. “I won't be waiting with you today. Will you boys be all right?” Under normal circumstances, Lucian would have waited with Archie and Benny until Lysa arrived.
However, he did not have the energy to do so today.
Archie and Benny nodded obediently. “We'll be fine!” They knew that their father was currently sick.
Pippa, who was standing nearby, hurried to reassure Lucian, “Don’t worry, Mr. Farwell. | will watch over the boys.” Lucian nodded and walked away with Estella in tow.
Since Estella knew that Lucian was feeling unwell, she went with him obediently.
Aubree, on the other hand, was filled with guilt and annoyance after Lucian’s sudden appearance.
Lucian had made her look bad in front of so many people. Despite that, she stubbornly went after them.
After Lucian helped Estella into the car, the car started. From the corner of his eye, he could see Aubree following them in her own vehicle.
Displeasure flashed across Lucian’s eyes.
“Are you okay, Daddy?” Estella stared at Lucian, concern in her red-rimmed eyes.
Lucian patted her on the head. “I’m feeling much better.” He wrinkled his brow and said apologetically, “I didn’t tell Ms. Pearson to pick you up.”
Estella grinned. “Yup, | know!”
Lucian patted the little girl’s head and did not speak for the rest of the journey.
Without waiting for Lucian to carry her, Estella scrambled out of the car the moment they arrived at the Farwell residence and grabbed his hand.
Just as they were about to enter the mansion, the sound of a car door slamming shut sounded from behind them. Puzzled, Estella turned to see Aubree getting out of her car and marching toward them.
“Daddy...” Estella instinctively shrank toward her father.
Lucian gripped her hand comfortingly. “You can just ignore her.”
Uneasy, Estella stood by his side silently.
Aubree approached them, smiling warmly as she glanced at Estella. It made the girl edge closer to her father. “Lucian, you must be exhausted. Leave Essie to me.” 
###Chapter 991
Chapter 991
Chapter 991 Severely Ill Lucian’s rejection was cold and indifferent. “Mind your own business.” After uttering that, he took Estella’s hand and went inside.
Aubree’s expression darkened as she stared after their retreating figures. However, she quickly adjusted her expression and chased after them.
Catalina had already prepared dinner, and when she saw Lucian entering with Estella, she heaved a sigh of relief. “Dinner is ready, Mr. Farwell, Ms. Estella. Come eat!”
Just as she finished speaking, she noticed Aubree coming in the doors. Catalina’s expression stiffened slightly, but she forced herself to maintain a cordial smile. Aubree ignored her and made a beeline straight for Lucian and Estella.
Lucian, too, ignored her. The only reason he did not outright drive Aubree away was that he did not want to aggravate his mother, who would, in turn, trouble Roxanne.
However, if they expected anything more from him, then they would be sorely disappointed. Meanwhile, Lysa brought Archie and Benny home.
Roxanne was already waiting for them when they arrived. As they were eating dinner, Archie and Benny exchanged glances, attempting to broach the subject of Estella.
“Mommy, how much longer will you be busy?” Roxanne paused, lifting her head to smile at the kids. “I don’t know. It will probably take a while. What's the matter?”
Benny asked in a childish voice, “Can Essie come over to play with us?”
Roxanne’s expression turned conflicted. Avoiding his eyes, she muttered, “Perhaps some other time. | can’t take care of you all at the moment.”
The two children were visibly disappointed after hearing her words. “Essie’s been feeling down because she hasn’t seen you in so long.”
Benny frowned. “Archie and | tried to cheer her up, but she refused to lighten up.” Archie added, “She was even close to tears today!” Roxanne furrowed her brows and asked worriedly, “What happened?”
Archie glanced at Benny as he replied hesitantly, “Essie told us that Mr. Farwell is sick.” Roxanne’s hand, which had been in the midst of serving more food, hung motionless in the air. Lucian is sick?
“Mr. Farwell came down with a cold and has a high fever. Essie is very worried about him, but he refuses to let her near him because he doesn’t want to infect her.”
Archie added pitifully, “Essie must be incredibly distressed. Benny and | were so worried when you got sick, Mommy.” Roxanne’s resolve began to waver after she heard the boys’ words.
| know that Archie and Benny were worried sick when | fell ill. After all, | am all they have, so they must've felt so helpless. In other words, Essie must feel the same. | wonder how sick Lucian is.
Seeing their mother’s apprehension, Archie and Benny purposely exaggerated, “He didn’t look too good when he came to pick up Essie earlier. He was coughing fitfully too.”
Benny furrowed his brows. “Mr. Farwell would usually accompany us while we waited for Ms. Lane to come, but he didn’t today. He must be feeling pretty terrible.”
Since Roxanne had not been picking them up from school for some time, she was unaware of that fact. At that, she turned to Lysa for verification.
Lysa nodded in response. “Yes. No wonder | didn’t see Mr. Farwell and Ms. Estella today.” Still, Roxanne was slightly doubtful. “He drove himself?” Archie and Benny shook their heads. “We saw Mr. Farwell and Essie get into the back seat.”
That meant the driver was the one who drove them. 
###Chapter 992
Chapter 992
Chapter 992 We Are Going Too
Acrease appeared between Roxanne’s eyebrows. Prior to this, Lucian would usually drive himself when he went to pick up Estella. Since he actually let the driver chauffer them...
At that thought, Roxanne felt as if something was not right. “Is Catalina not around? Why would he personally go pick her up if he was unwell?” Roxanne looked at Archie and Benny in confusion. Her question caused Archie and Benny to think of Aubree.
Perhaps Mommy would visit Daddy if she knew that the evil woman was loitering around him... On second thought, if Mommy went to visit, maybe that woman would even leave, and Essie won't have to fear her anymore.
With this in mind, Archie began to explain the situation. “The evil woman was going to bring Essie home, but Essie refused to go with her. Mr. Farwell arrived before things escalated.”
Archie’s tone was quite cheerful as he said, “Mr. Farwell knows that Essie doesn’t like her.” Naturally, Roxanne was aware of the “evil woman's’ identity, but she couldn’t be bothered to correct their term of address at the moment.
| can’t believe Aubree had the audacity to go to the kindergarten. This means that she must be aware of Lucian falling sick. In fact, she may have come from the Farwell residence! At that thought, Roxanne recalled the incident with the bacterial infection.
Although they did not have solid evidence, they knew that Nancy had once worked for the Pearson family’s research institute. That fact alone was enough to pin the suspicion on Aubree.
If Aubree dared to lay a hand on Estella, not once, but twice, what was stopping her from harming Lucian? A chill ran down Roxanne’s spine at the thought.
I've known Lucian for so many years, but I’ve never seen him fall sick, ever! It must not be an ordinary illness...
“Mommy, are you listening to us?” Archie and Benny anxiously inquired when they saw that Roxanne was deep in thought. Roxanne snapped back to her senses and forced a smile. “It sounds quite serious. Has he gone to the hospital for a checkup?”
“| think he was seen by the family doctor, but it wasn’t enough to reassure Essie,” Archie replied. Roxanne, too, did not feel reassured.
It would be too easy to misdiagnose the bacterial infection with a simple checkup. Archie’s and Benny’s eyes glittered when they saw how worried Roxanne looked.
Benny urged, “Mommy, why don’t you check up on Mr. Farwell? I’m sure Essie would feel better if you went over.” Archie hurried to add, “Yeah! Essie says that you’re the best doctor in the world!” In addition to her own speculation, Roxanne was convinced by the two children’s coaxing. Finally, she agreed to it.
“| will pay him a visit after dinner,” she said. Truth be told, Archie and Benny had not expected their mother to agree to it so easily. It took them several seconds to recover from their shock.
“We want to go too!” Roxanne frowned. “No, you boys should stay home. It would be bad if he passes the cold to the both of you.”
Archie and Benny insisted, “We only want to visit Essie. We promise not to go inside!”
They were worried about their father and wanted to see how he was doing too. Roxanne assumed that the kids truly wanted to play with Estella. Hence, she did not give the matter further thought.
As soon as they finished dinner, the kids urged her to depart quickly. 
###Chapter 993
Chapter 993
Chapter 993 Grim Expression
At the Farwell residence, Aubree was having dinner with Lucian and Estella. While they were eating, Aubree tried her best to engage in a conversation with the two, but she received no response.
This angered her. Indeed, Lucian did not kick her out this time. However, he was acting as though she did not exist, as he had never looked at her once.
They finally finished dinner. Aubree stood up first and turned to Catalina. She kindly said, “Catalina, let me help you clean up.” Catalina was surprised and wondered why Aubree had a sudden change in attitude.
Before she could say anything, Aubree had started cleaning the table. Since Lucian would not accept her affection, she could only swallow her pride and try to impress him by doing little things. “Daddy...”
Estella carefully tugged on her father’s sleeve. Lucian looked down at her. “I want to see the flowers.” She glanced at Aubree as she spoke.
She did not want to stay with Aubree. If Aubree were to stay at their place, then Estella would rather go out to play. Lucian knew what Estella was thinking. He gently patted her head and said, “I'll accompany you.”
Upon hearing that, Estella hurriedly shook her head. “I can go by myself. I'll just be in the garden. Daddy, you shouldn't go outside since you're sick.”
Lucian smiled and calmly replied, “It’s just a cold. | can still see the flowers with you.” After saying that, he stood up and held out a hand to Estella. Estella’s eyes lit up.
Although she said she wanted to see the flowers because she was trying to hide from Aubree, she did not expect Lucian to want to follow along.
This is my first time seeing the flowers with Daddy! A huge smile tugged at Estella’s lips as the thought crossed her mind.
On the other hand, an icy glint flashed across Aubree’s eyes as she watched the two leave. She put the plates in her hands back on the table.
“Ms. Pearson?” Catalina was confused upon seeing Aubree put the plates down.
Seconds later, she returned to her senses. This person is simply acting in front of Mr. Farwell. Whatever “help” she wants to provide is just an excuse to butter up to him. Since Mr. Farwell and Ms. Estella left, she’s too lazy to keep up her act.
When Catalina realized that, she did not say a word and continued to clean up.
Estella squatted at the stairs in the garden and looked at the flowers around her feet earnestly. “Daddy!”
She suddenly noticed something and excitedly tugged on the hem of Lucian’s pants.
Lucian could hear the excitement in Estella’s voice as his gaze followed where she was pointing.
Aring of white flowers surrounded a cluster of pale yellow flowers.
“Ms. Jarvis previously made a flower wreath for me that has the same small yellow flowers as those in it!” Estella’s tone was full of surprise.
When Lucian heard that, he raised an eyebrow, and a smile tugged at his lips.
Just then, Aubree came out of the mansion with a thick coat in her hands.
“Wear this. Otherwise, your flu will get worse tomorrow.” As she said that, she reached out to place the coat around Lucian’s shoulders.
Lucian turned around. The smile on his face remained, though his tone was cold as he said, “Thanks.” After saying that, he took the coat from her before she could touch him.
Aubree’s hands were frozen in mid-air, and her expression turned grim.
Suddenly, she noticed something and looked toward the entrance of the manor.
In the dark of the night, a familiar car was parked at the entrance, but it seemed that no one had gotten out. 
###Chapter 994
Chapter 994
Chapter 994 No One Can Steal Him From Me
Roxanne’s car came to a stop at the entrance of the Farwell residence. She shut off the engine and hesitated momentarily, wondering if she should call Lucian.
After all, she was visiting him at night. Even if it was to check on him, the visit was too sudden. As that thought crossed her mind, Roxanne reached out to grab her phone. She could see the mansion’s entrance from the corner of her eye.
It looked like two people were standing there. She stopped her actions and frowned as she stared at the entrance of the mansion. Though hidden behind the trees, she could vaguely see Lucian and Aubree standing there.
In Aubree’s hands seemed to be a coat. After some time, Lucian turned and smiled as he took the coat from her hands. From afar, the atmosphere between them looked harmonious.
Although it was hard to see clearly from this distance, Lucian’s smile was an eyesore. Lucian kept saying he’ll win me over, but he’s never smiled at me like that before...
As she also thought of what Lucian said about settling his relationship with Aubree, a piercing pain stabbed her in the heart. Is he so-call handling the relationship by flirting with her like he’s doing now?
In the end, the words Lucian used to butter me up were so that he could use me and compete with Jack in business. I’m nothing but a tool of his.
“Mommy?” Archie and Benny suddenly called out as she got lost in her thoughts. They were in a rush to get out of the car to meet Lucian, but Roxanne had kept the doors locked.
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and tried to suppress the change in her emotions as she asked, “What is it?” Benny was puzzled. “Aren’t we going to check on Mr. Farwell? Let's go down!”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne looked down, and her hand reaching for her phone returned to its position at the steering wheel. “I suddenly remembered that | still have work to finish, so there’s no time to visit him today.”
After saying that, she started the engine. Archie and Benny exchanged glances, their eyes filled with confusion. “But...”
Mommy had already promised us, so it meant that she didn’t have any more work. Why is there work that she needs to finish all of a sudden?
Archie and Benny thought of their mother’s actions and followed her gaze to look at the manor.
However, they could not see anything due to their short stature.
Roxanne had already started the car and turned, driving toward the road she had come from.
Archie and Benny wanted to say something, but they noticed that Roxanne was in a bad mood, so they stayed quiet. Meanwhile, at the Farwell residence, Aubree stared at the car slowly driving off, and a smug smile appeared on her lips. So what if Roxanne came? Lucian is mine. No one can steal him from me!
Aubree was satisfied as she watched the car drive further into the dark before her gaze switched to Lucian, and she said, “Lucian, it's getting late. The two of you should rest. | need to get going too.”
Lucian nodded, not sparing a glance toward her.
Aubree did not get angry either as she made her way toward the entrance of the manor.
Although her efforts for the day were wasted, she had to admit that Roxanne’s action just now made her feel much better. She could accept everything, including Lucian ignoring her.
| believe that after today, that b*tch will understand her place and stay away from Lucian!
At the entrance of the mansion, Lucian frowned as he watched Aubree leave.
He thought he might be seeing things as she had left in a seemingly good mood.
What did she do this time without me knowing? 
###Chapter 995
Chapter 995
Chapter 995 Full Of Worry
When they arrived back home, Archie and Benny wanted to cheer Roxanne up, but she did not give them a chance to do so as she headed straight for the study.
When they saw Roxanne’s retreating figure, they felt disappointed and worried. They kept thinking that something must have happened at Lucian’s house that they did not know about.
Roxanne closed the door to the study. She had a conflicted look as she sat at the desk. The truth was, she did not have any work. That was just an excuse she came up with at the very last minute.
She thought of how she felt when she saw Lucian and Aubree together and felt a strange feeling tug at her heart.
What's wrong with me? | knew that Lucian was using me as his tool to compete in business. His previous pursuit was all talk. But why does my heart feel heavy when | see him with another woman...
Roxanne had no idea how to face this version of herself. Suddenly, the ringing of a phone tore her away from her thoughts. She snapped back to her senses and looked down at the phone screen.
It was a call from Jack. | wonder why he’s calling me at such a late hour. “Mr. Damaris, what’s the matter?” On the other end of the call, Jack’s voice was gentle as he said, “Did | interrupt your rest?”
Roxanne bit her lip. “No. | just came home.” Upon hearing that, Jack finally felt relieved and switched the topic. “I heard from Dr. Galloway that the medicinal herbs from Herbscape Group were also burned in the fire at the research institute.”
Roxanne was taken aback. She did not expect Colby to tell Jack about it. Jack continued without waiting for her to answer, “I found another way to get more. I'll send them to you tomorrow.”
Roxanne frowned and instinctively refused, “Since they were burned at our research institute, we'll find a way to get more ourselves.”
After all, this batch of medicinal herbs was to be used for a project. Jack had found a way to get the previous batch, but they were bumed at the research institute.
Logically, they should be the ones to think of a way to get more medicinal herbs this time.
However, Jack did not mind as he said, “As long as the project can proceed successfully, it’s nothing but a batch of medicinal herbs. You don’t need to take it to heart.”
Roxanne still felt guilty. “But...” Jack had already spent so much money on Herbscape Group. It was inappropriate for Damaris Group to continue doing so.
On the other end of the call, Jack could hear the hesitance in Roxanne’s voice. He smiled and said, “Damaris Group originally led this project. You all are just researchers. Hence, it’s only right for Damaris Group to fork up the costs. If you still feel guilty about it, how about you treat me to lunch?”
Since he had spelled things out so clearly, Roxanne had no reason to refuse, be it the medicinal herbs that Damaris Group would be providing once more or Jack’s suggestion of treating him to lunch. “When are you free, Mr. Damaris?” she asked frankly.
Jack was surprised as he did not expect she would agree to it so quickly. He was silent for a few seconds before he smiled and answered, “I’m free anytime.”
Nodding, Roxanne mulled over it before she suggested, “Since you'll be sending the medicinal herbs here, how about tomorrow?”
Jack agreed without a single moment of hesitance. The two of them chatted for a while before ending the call. It was getting late, and Roxanne remembered that she had work tomorrow. She calmed herself down and left the study.
As soon as she opened the door, she saw Archie and Benny standing outside with faces full of worry. 
###Chapter 996
Chapter 996
Chapter 996 Faking His Illness
“Why aren’t you two asleep yet?” Roxanne was stunned for a moment as she stared in confusion at the two boys standing in front of her.
Archie and Benny exchanged glances and said, “We thought you seemed in a bad mood, Mommy.” Upon hearing that, the emotions Roxanne had tried to suppress were no longer under control as they rose up within her once more.
“Mommy, what happened at the entrance of Mr. Farwell’s house?” Archie stared at her seriously. His words hinted that he somehow knew what had happened.
Yet, in reality, he had not seen anything. Roxanne patted Archie’s head as though nothing had happened. “It’s nothing. | suddenly remembered that | had work that needed to be done.”
Archie and Benny were persistent. “Then how about we visit Mr. Farwell tomorrow?”
Roxanne’s expression stiffened when she heard that. The boys stared at her with wide eyes, trying to see if they could find anything by studying her expression.
It took some time before Roxanne spoke again. She forced a smile and said, “I have something important at work that needs to be settled tomorrow. Besides, Mr. Farwell only has the flu and fever. I’m sure he’d have recovered by tomorrow.”
Initially, she was worried that Aubree might have done something to Lucian. However, when she saw that scene unfold before her just now, all her worries disappeared.
Judging by how Lucian treated Aubree, Aubree must have already reached her goal and wouldn't do anything unnecessary anymore. Archie and Benny had predicted Roxanne’s refusal.
Benny was still unwilling to give up as he grabbed the hem of Roxanne’s skirt and complained, “But, Mommy, when you were sick, Mr. Farwell would always come to visit you.”
In other words, they should visit Lucian, even if it meant using the excuse of returning the favor.
It would have been fine if Archie and Benny did not bring up that matter. Once they brought it up, Roxanne felt a stabbing pain in her heart.
Every time she was sick, Lucian would always be by her side.
Roxanne could not help but feel touched by his gesture.
However, now that she thought about it, those were nothing but a part of his strategy to get in her good books.
Archie and Benny noticed their mother’s mood turn sour and did not dare to say anything more.
Roxanne did not have the energy to explain further to them, either. “It’s getting late. The two of you should go to sleep. If you’re worried about Mr. Farwell, | think you'll be able to see him when you go to school tomorrow.”
With that, she walked past Archie and Benny.
The siblings lowered their heads in disappointment but did not stop her from leaving.
“Archie, should we not have pressured Mommy to visit Daddy?” Benny asked guiltily as he looked at Archie after Roxanne left.
Archie also regretted what they had done. “We already went to Daddy’s place. Let’s come up with an idea to make Mommy feel better.”
Benny frowned. “But Mommy seems to be angrier than before. Could it be that Daddy is faking his illness?” Maybe Daddy isn’t truly sick and is just trying to trick us. Mommy found out about it, which is why she’s so angry. However...
Archie shook his head. “Daddy is really sick. Essie wouldn't lie to us.”
As for what had happened, the two of them were not sure.
Archie and Benny could not come up with an answer no matter how much they thought about it, so they had no choice but to return to their room.
At the same time, Roxanne was lying on the bed, trying to fall asleep. However, her mind was filled with memories of her and Lucian. 
###Chapter 997
Chapter 997
Chapter 997 Win Her Over
After staying up the entire night, Roxanne got up super early the next morning. She wanted to leave as soon as possible for the research institute because Jack was scheduled to deliver the medicinal herbs on time.
Hence, she did not want to keep him waiting. With that thought in mind, Roxanne tried to stay awake. Upon getting dressed, she went downstairs, only to be greeted by two concerned children at the dining table.
Roxanne sat down next to Archie and Benny. Then, she gave them both a peck on the cheek like she always did. When she lifted her head, she noticed faint dark circles under the kids’ eyes.
She frowned immediately and asked, “You two didn’t have a good night's sleep?” The boys shook their heads, feeling guilty. Benny answered in a piping voice, “I had a nightmare and caused Archie to sleep poorly.”
Though feeling groggy, Roxanne could tell that it was just an excuse. She snapped her brows together and said, “You can come over and look for me the next time you have a bad dream.”
The little boy nodded obediently in response.
Thereafter, Roxanne said nothing as she started eating her breakfast.
She wanted to finish it as fast as she could in order to leave for the research institute.
Just as she finished eating, the doorbell unexpectedly rang.
She froze for a second before standing up to get the door.
When she found out who it was, a deep frown instantly marred her countenance. “Mr. Damaris, why are you here?”
He should be preparing the medicinal herbs at Damaris Group right now.
Jack flashed a smile. “I hope | didn’t disturb your morning.”
Confused, Roxanne shook her head.
Jack explained, “Well, it’s still early, so I’m here to pick you up while my assistant looks after the preparation of the herbs.”
He scanned behind her and added, “Also, | wanted to swing by to see Archie and Benny. You mentioned they were unwell some time back, and | felt really bad for not visiting them for the longest time.”
The boys seemed to have heard him. Within seconds, they dashed out from the dining area.
“Mommy, are Mr. Farwell and Essie here?” They sounded extremely excited.
Roxanne darted a glance at the man standing before her, then at the kids. For a moment, she did not know how to respond. She recalled the children disliking Jack.
As the kids thought Lucian and Estella were here, they were all beaming happily, but the smiles on their faces froze when they saw who was at the door. They failed to hide their disappointment.
“Hi, how have you been? It’s been ages.” Jack ignored the utter disappointment on the boys’ faces.
Snapping back to their senses, Archie and Benny greeted him courteously, “Hi, Mr. Damaris.”
Benny could not help but ask, “Are you here to drive Mommy to work?”
As far as he could remember, each time Jack appeared, Roxanne would follow him to work.
Jack nodded noncommittally. “You are such a clever boy, Benny! Yes, I’m afraid your mommy has to go soon.” Just then, Roxanne was ready to leave.
Since the children had guessed it right, she caressed their heads and said gently, “I’m going to work. Ms. Lane will take you both to school in a bit.”
Subsequently, she gave Jack a nod to indicate that she was ready to go. However, the boys were very reluctant about it.
Mommy and Daddy haven't patched things up yet, and Mr. Damaris is now in the picture. Will he win Mommy over? What if Mommy doesn’t want Daddy anymore?
The thought of it made Archie and Benny stare at Roxanne with recrimination.
Roxanne was rendered speechless.
As Jack entered the car, she bent down and gave the boys a solemn promise.
“This is nothing but work. Rest assured that I'll seek your agreement first should | have any plans to find you a daddy.”
At that, the boys had no choice but to let her go. 
###Chapter 998
Chapter 998
Chapter 998 Do Not Pressure Yourself
After receiving her blessings from her children, Roxanne headed toward the garage. Although Jack came all the way to pick her up, she had no intention of being his passenger.
More importantly, she did not want to upset her sons or create any misunderstanding. Jack watched her drive the car out from the garage without saying a word. Smiling, he ignited the engine and led the way.
With that, the two of them set off to the research institute one after another. By the time they arrived, the staff from Damaris Group were offloading the medicinal herbs at the main entrance. Colby was there to welcome them.
When the latter saw the two come in separate cars, his expression darkened. “Thanks for your hard work, Dr. Galloway,” uttered Jack.
He was the first one to get out of his car before striding toward the entrance. Colby recomposed himself and asked nonchalantly, “Mr. Damaris, Dr. Jarvis, you guys...?”
Roxanne’s house was in the opposite direction than heading to the research institute from the Damaris residence. Seeing them both arrive from the same direction made Colby suspect that Jack had gone to visit Roxanne in the morning again.
If that’s really the case, they are getting a tad bit too close. “Oh, | detoured to Ms. Jarvis’ residence. Initially, | intended to drive her here, but...”
Jack arched his brow and dropped the topic. Yet, Colby was able to figure out that Roxanne had declined the former’s good intentions.
When he came to that realization, Colby felt much better. Roxanne quickly got out of her car and jogged toward the entrance of the institute. “Sorry, I’m late.” She flashed a smile at Colby, looking apologetic.
The latter was not too fazed by the matter. “There’s nothing much to do besides supervising the delivery of the medicinal herbs. Moreover, these are from the Damaris Group. | can definitely handle this alone.”
As he spoke, he took a casual glance at Jack, who responded with a gentlemanly nod. The delivery was almost completed by the time Roxanne got there. It did not take long for the truckload of medicinal herbs to be transferred to the storage area.
Learning from her past experience, Roxanne improved the remaining storage rooms at the research institute by adding fireproof materials to them.
Even so, she could not stop worrying about it. She had to check it personally to be assured that everything was in order.
“| bet the Damaris family has spent a fortune on these medicinal herbs,” Colby commented inadvertently.
Hearing so, Roxanne instinctively gazed at Jack.
When the latter brought it up during conversation the night before, she was sure the Damaris family would pay a lucrative amount for the herbs. However, she did not know how much exactly.
Now that Colby mentioned it, she felt a strong urge to find out more. Jack laughed it off. “It’s just a favor. Money is secondary. Please receive it gladly with open arms.”
Frowning, Roxanne replied in a serious tone, “I'll make full use of these medicinal herbs, and | won't let the Damaris family pay for nothing.”
For a big and prominent family like the Damarises, relationships and ties were far more important than money. Therefore, Roxanne knew she had to utilize the herbs to their maximum value.
Jack nodded satisfactorily as he patted her shoulder in hopes of comforting her. “Don’t pressure yourself too much.” Roxanne remained solemn and said nothing.
Exasperated, he went on, “Didn't you say that you wanted to treat me to a meal as a token of appreciation?” 
###Chapter 999
Chapter 999
Chapter 999 The Mastermind
There was a slight change of expression on Colby’s face when he heard that. Instantly, his eyes were fixated on Roxanne. She wants to treat Jack to a meal? Since when? How come | know nothing about it? Did they contact each other privately?
Intrigued, he blurted, “Really? When was that?” Roxanne replied, “I made that suggestion when Mr. Damaris and | were talking about the medicinal herbs last night.”
Turning to Jack, she added, “Mr. Damaris has helped our institute fix a huge mess. This meal is nothing significant compared to the favor received.”
In other words, she made it clear that the meal was not meant to pay Jack back for his generosity. Jack did not seem bothered by her words.
He glanced at Colby and teased Roxanne, “How then does Ms. Jarvis plan to return me the favor?” Jack’s gaze, coupled with his question, made Colby’s heart sink.
He quickly turned to Roxanne, impatiently waiting for her response. Putting on a serious expression, she stated, “I'll definitely make your sacrifice worthwhile.”
Jack raised an eyebrow and gestured for her to continue. “I'll use them to achieve our desired research outcome,” Roxanne promised.
Upon hearing that, Colby heaved a silent sigh of relief. Jack smiled placidly. “I believe in you, Ms. Jarvis.” Subsequently, the trio checked the herbs sent. When it was nearly noon, Roxanne suggested going for lunch, to which Jack agreed happily.
“Do join us, Dr. Galloway.” She turned to Colby. Taken aback, the latter subconsciously looked at Jack, who gave an indifferent response.
“Let's go together. You’ve worked hard throughout this project, Dr. Galloway.”
With that, Colby nodded. They did not go far but simply settled in a nearby restaurant. After taking their seats, the gentlemen let Roxanne do the honors.
She did not reject the idea and placed orders for all of them before handing the menu back to the server.
“By the way, how’s the fire investigation coming along?” Jack brought up the matter like a bolt from the blue.
No one noticed Colby’s body stiffen briefly as soon as Jack popped the question.
Furrowing her brows, Roxanne said, “We only know that an internal staff was bribed to do that, but nobody knows who’s the mastermind.”
At that thought, a headache started assailing her.
Colby slowly recovered his senses and took a sidelong glance at Jack. He relaxed further upon realizing that the latter was not focusing on him.
This is supposed to be a lunch between Jack and Roxanne, but he let me tag along and even bring up the matter in my presence in a seemingly casual manner.
At first, Colby suspected Jack had discovered the truth. But after those words, it seemed his concerns were unwarranted. Jack was just genuinely concerned about the case.
At that thought, Colby chimed in, “I’ve checked all the staff at the research institute, and | can guarantee this won’t happen twice. Therefore, you don’t have to worry about the medicinal herbs.”
Jack quirked his lips and nodded. “I hope so. Anyhow, it’s best we catch the culprit as soon as possible.”
Roxanne nodded in agreement. 
###Chapter 1000
Chapter 1000
Chapter 1000 Saved By The Bell
After that, a long pause ensued. When the dishes were served, they started eating. As Colby observed the two sitting next to him, a strange light glinted in his eyes.
“| was thinking we might need Mr. Damaris’ help in catching the one who orchestrated the fire.” His sudden remark caught everyone by surprise. Jack stopped eating and inquired with an arched brow, “What do you mean?”
Colby explained, “The staff who was bribed encountered some family issues. Though the matter was only made known within the research institute, the culprit was able to find that out and take advantage of his weakness. It goes unsaid that the person has investigated the background of everyone at the research institute.”
His tone of voice grew to become more serious. “He must have done his homework before selecting that particular employee.” This was the first time Roxanne had heard of this speculation, and it caused her heart to skip a beat.
The fire happened one day after the medicinal herbs were delivered to the storage. If the person has carried out a thorough investigation on all the staff, then... How powerful is he to identify Jason within such a short period?
Roxanne fell into a slight daze when she recalled her earlier suspicions. Amused, Jack asked further, “So, Dr. Galloway, what are you saying?”
“The mastermind is no ordinary person to achieve all these. | doubt we could locate him with the mere resources available at the research institute. Hence, we most likely need some help from you, Mr. Damaris.” Colby’s tone was resolute.
At that, Jack stared at him meaningfully. Just when Colby thought his trick was working, Jack posed an unexpected question. “Is there a possibility that the fire was started by someone who works in the research institute? That’s why it was done so effectively?”
Colby’s expression stiffened imperceptibly at that. Judging from his words... Does he really not know the truth? “That’s impossible,” said Roxanne.
The gaze she shot Jack was one of utmost confidence. “No one at the institute would commit such a crime to harm others without benefiting oneself unless one was desperate.”
Jack then looked away from Colby. “I was just taking a wild guess, Ms. Jarvis. Forget what | said since you’re very sure about that. I'll help to investigate further.”
Roxanne grinned. “Thank you, Mr. Damaris.” Jack bobbed his head in response. Those short minutes of conversation had Colby breaking out in a cold sweat, thinking that he might have been exposed.
Fortunately, he was saved by the bell. Had it not been for Roxanne, he would have shot himself in the foot.
As he recalled Jack’s words, Colby was overwhelmed by conflicting emotions.
Could it be that Jack has noticed something? Was he trying to test me? He forced himself to stay calm and await the next chapter to unfold.
However, Jack never mentioned the fire anymore, whereas the troubled Roxanne did not initiate any conversation for the rest of lunch.
In the end, the trio left the restaurant harboring different thoughts.
Roxanne assumed Jack would take his leave after eating. On the contrary, he stayed back at the research institute till evening. Throughout the afternoon, they engaged in discussions about the usage of the medicinal herbs.
Thankfully, they arrived at a satisfactory answer before knocking off work.
The three of them left the research institute at the same time.
Upon bidding goodbye to the two men, Roxanne made her way to her vehicle.
As she tried to start the car, she realized the engine would not turn on. 
###Chapter 1001
Chapter 1001
Chapter 1001 See Him As A Friend
“What's wrong?” Jack and Colby were both gentlemen. They wanted to wait for Roxanne to leave before leaving. However, Roxanne’s car was still parked at the same spot even after they had waited for some time. Thus, they went up to check on her.
Roxanne felt a little helpless. “The car’s broken.” Maybe some parts weren't fully repaired from the accident last time. Hearing that, Jack and Colby exchanged glances, and Jack offered, “Let me help you to check.”
With that, he got into the vehicle to check on it. He had always been interested in cars, so he thought something like that was happening because Roxanne did not understand them enough.
Just as he was about to get to work, he heard Roxanne say, “This car was knocked by another car some time ago. Maybe the mechanics missed a few parts. I'll get it repaired another day.”
At that, Jack stopped whatever he was about to do. Since she already knows what the problem is, then it’s definitely not a man- made problem. “Then... Let me send you home,” Jack offered.
However, Roxanne hesitated for a moment. “Oh, there’s no need to bother, Mr. Damaris. My house is in the opposite direction of yours.”
Raising his brow, Jack glanced at Colby, who was standing outside the car. “Or do you prefer to have Dr. Galloway send you home?”
Roxanne instinctively glanced in the same direction. When Colby noticed their gazes were fixed on him, he could not help but frown in confusion.
Roxanne hurriedly retracted her gaze and explained, “I don’t mean that—”
Before she could even finish, Jack flashed a half-smile and interrupted, “Don’t worry. That’s not what | meant, either. I’m just doing my duties as a business partner.”
Since he had spelled things out so clearly, Roxanne could not refuse the offer.
“In that case, I'll have to trouble you, then.”
Jack shrugged indifferently. “It's my pleasure.”
With that, the two got out of the car.
Colby was even more confused when he saw Roxanne getting out of the car as well. “What’s wrong with it?” Jack explained before Roxanne could even answer, “There's a slight malfunction, so I'll be sending Ms. Jarvis home.” “But isn’t your house and Dr. Jarvis’ in different directions?” Colby furrowed his brows, eyeing Roxanne curiously. Judging by her character, she wouldn’t want to trouble Jack.
Jack hurriedly answered, “I have some matters to deal with in that area.”
At the same time, Roxanne merely nodded as a tacit confirmation.
Seeing that, Colby had no choice but to give in and say, “Be careful.”
The other two nodded. With that, they passed by Colby and got into Jack's car.
While Colby watched the car fade into the distance, his expression slowly turned glum. | remember they were both looking at me just now. If | guessed it correctly, Roxanne must’ve chosen Jack earlier. Following that line of thought, Colby felt his blood boil.
Him again! Roxanne will never notice me as long as there are others around. To her, I'll always be a business partner. Why is it that she can see Jack as a friend? She has known me longer than him.
The only plausible reason Colby could think of was the difference in his and Jack's status. Silently, he swore to himself that he would one day rise to a level that Roxanne could not reach. Alas, Roxanne was clueless about Colby’s thoughts as she sat in Jack’s car, feeling a little uneasy.
She originally wanted to take the backseat, but she figured it would be impolite. Therefore, she decided to take the front passenger seat.
Though the car had been driving on the road for some time, Jack seemed to have no intentions of talking, which made her feel slightly awkward. 
###Chapter 1002
Chapter 1002
Chapter 1002 A Gaze Full With Respect
After what seemed forever, Jack's voice finally rang out. “Why didn’t you choose to go with Dr. Galloway?” Truth was, he was taken aback by Roxanne’s reaction earlier.
Hearing that, Roxanne hesitated for a moment before answering calmly, “Dr. Galloway and | interact a lot at work, so I’m trying to avoid any private interaction with him to ensure our collaboration isn’t affected.”
Jack still did not understand her intentions. “Are you saying we’re not working together enough?”
Roxanne was caught off guard by his question. Several seconds later, she finally explained, “It’s different. Our collaboration with Damaris Group is only temporary. Besides, we never interacted much during work.”
Strictly speaking, Roxanne and Jack met only when there were business-related matters. In that project, Damaris Group was more like an investor than a business partner.
After listening to her, Jack nodded, finally what he meant to Roxanne. Once again, silence filled the entire car. Several moments later, Jack seemed to remember something, and he suddenly glanced at her.
Sensing his gaze, Roxanne turned to give him a bemused look. “By the way, my family is organizing a medical consultation in two days. Would you be interested to join us?”
A medical consultation...
Roxanne immediately recalled the children she saw at the orphanage. If she could help the children, she would naturally be more than happy to join.
However, she was a little hesitant the moment she remembered there was a project she still had to deal with. At the same time, she felt a sense of guilt creep into her heart for feeling hesitant.
As if reading her mind, Jack added, “The target groups of this medical consultation are those from orphanages and nursing homes. We'll be sending the medical staff to them. And after your amazing performance last time, Grandpa has told me to share some of the Damaris family’s medical knowledge with you.”
With that, he shot her a meaningful look, saying, “I believe this was your original purpose for joining the medical consultation, right?”
In terms of traditional medicine, no one was more knowledgeable than the Damaris family. Jack’s words was right on point.
Now that her thoughts were shifted in his favor, she met his gaze and admitted, “You're right, so please let me know the time and location once it’s decided.”
Jack knew she would never reject the invitation.
Hence, he merely nodded with a smile when he heard that.
As for the remainder of the journey, the two spent the time discussing the medical consultation. Jack casually pointed out Roxanne’s weaknesses and gave her some advice.
At the same time, Roxanne listened to every word intently.
Her eyes were sparkling and filled with respect even when the car had come to a stop.
Before that, she had always thought they were each more proficient in certain medical knowledge and that they were on the same level.
It was not until that day that she realized the heir of the Damaris family was more incredible than her. This man has mastered all of the Damaris family’s medical knowledge. “We're here,” Jack reminded amusedly when he saw her in a daze.
Only then did Roxanne snap back to her senses. She flashed him a grateful smile and said, “Thank you for your guidance, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack returned the smile. “I’m just speaking based on the Damaris family’s medical knowledge. Your mentor is Professor Lambert. Naturally, you’ve taken different paths from our family. We're the same in terms of medical attainments. It’s just that my family’s medical knowledge can make up for your shortcomings.”
Looking as serious as ever, Roxanne said, “Still, | have to thank you.” 
###Chapter 1003
Chapter 1003
Chapter 1003 Mention Daddy More Often
Jack accepted her words of gratitude. With that, Roxanne bid him goodbye and prepared to step out of the car. To her surprise, she bumped into Lysa and the boys as soon as she opened the car door.
“Mommy!” Archie and Benny had just returned from their kindergarten, so they were excited to see Roxanne. In the meantime, they also noticed Roxanne did not drive home with her car.
If | remember it correctly, this is the one Mr. Damaris drove this morning.
Just as the boys were guessing who the owner of the car was, Jack’s head popped out from behind Roxanne, and he smiled at them. “Did you two just come home from your kindergarten?”
The children nodded slowly, feeling a little upset. Mommy said they were only going to work, but why is she home so late? And why is Mr. Damaris sending her home?
No matter how hard they looked, there seemed to be some intimacy between the adults. Immediately, the imaginary alarm in the children’s minds went off.
No way. We must help Daddy look after Mommy before they make up with each other.
Meanwhile, Roxanne knew what was on their minds the moment she saw their expressions. She could not help but feel exasperated.
Regardless, she turned around and said, “I'll take them home first. Please let me know when you've reached home, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack gave a brief answer and drove off.
Once the car was out of sight, Roxanne spun around to explain, “My car wasn’t repaired completely, so | couldn’t start it. That’s why Mr. Damaris sent me home today.”
She was sure the kids’ imaginations would be running wild if she did not clear things up right there and then. Obviously unsatisfied with her explanation, the kids asked, “Were you two working together the entire day?” Roxanne nodded. “Mr. Galloway was there, too.”
Of course, the kids knew who Colby was. They felt that he was also one of Lucian’s love rivals, too.
Hearing that, the boys grew more worried.
Roxanne felt a wave of exasperation wash over her when she took in the boys’ expressions.
She believed she had clarified things enough, including her relationship with Jack.
Yet, the children looked more suspicious than before.
“We saw Mr. Farwell today!” Benny suddenly changed the topic.
Roxanne’s expression stiffened when she heard Lucian’s name.
Instantly, she recalled what Colby said at lunch and the scene where Lucian and Aubree stood side by side last night. Sadly, the boys were unaware of what was going through her mind. All they wanted was to remind her of Lucian.
Just then, Benny cast her a piteous look. “Mr. Farwell doesn’t seem to have recovered yet. Mommy, why don’t you go over and help him? Essie is very worried!”
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and forced a smile at them. “I’m very busy.”
However, the boys did not intend to give up.
Before they could even utter a word, Roxanne said, “Besides, Mr. Farwell is just having common flu. It'll take him a week to recover. Tell Essie to not worry too much, okay?”
With that, she patted their heads and went upstairs. She really did not want to listen to her children talking about Lucian when she was already having a lot on her mind. As Archie and Benny watched Roxanne head up the stairs, they exchanged glances, not understanding what had just happened.
They only wanted to make Lucian’s presence known. Yet, they got the feeling that their mother’s reaction was completely different from what they had expected.
“Archie, did | say something wrong again?” Benny sounded slightly defeated. Patting his brother on the shoulder, Archie comforted, “No. We just have to mention Daddy to Mommy often.”
Only then did Benny feel more at ease. 
###Chapter 1004
Chapter 1004
Chapter 1004 No Wonder Children Love You
That night, Roxanne received a text from Jack before she went to bed. It contained the details to the medical consultation. It was in two days, and the location was an orphanage in the city.
After making a mental note of the information, Roxanne typed a simple answer and went to bed early. However, her mind was so occupied with Colby’s words that she could not fall asleep.
It was only after an indeterminate time that she finally drifted off to sleep. In the next two days, the boys kept trying to get Roxanne’s attention. To be more specific, they were doing it on Lucian’s behalf.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was clueless as to why Archie and Benny were so persistent in mentioning Lucian to her, nor did she know how to deal with them.
After pondering about it for some time, she decided to pour all her attention into preparing the medical consultation. When the boys saw she was at work, they finally gave up. Two days later, Jack’s car appeared in front of Roxanne’s house early in the morning.
Roxanne was about to step out of the house to get a cab when she saw his car at the entrance. A look of surprise flashed past her eyes.
“| figured your car wouldn’t be ready so soon, so | decided to swing by to pick you up.” Jack flashed her a smile. Hearing that, Roxanne had no choice but to suppress the peculiar feelings she felt and got into the car.
She had many things with her.
After what happened last time, she learned her lesson and prepared many gifts for the orphans.
Jack was stunned by the bags she had with her.
“You're really thoughtful. No wonder the children at the previous orphanage loved you,” he remarked.
Agentle expression crept upon Roxanne’s face. “Maybe it’s because I’ve interacted with many children in my life.”
That was why she could not bear to see the children at orphanages suffer.
She hoped she could help bring changes to their lives to the best of her ability.
Instead of assessing her, Jack only said, “I’m sure the children will be very grateful to you this time as well.”
Roxanne pursed her lips to form a smile.
With that, they were on their way.
In the meantime, Archie and Benny only poked their heads out of the door to watch their mother leave with Jack.
Although Roxanne had informed them that she was going to treat some children, they could not help but feel a sense of danger. Their parents had not talked to each other for the past two days.
Jack, on the other hand, had come looking for Roxanne quite often.
The boys could not stop worrying even though Roxanne had already sworn that she and Jack were just colleagues.
Still, there was nothing they could do if Roxanne wanted to avoid Lucian.
As they exchanged glances with each other, a crestfallen look fell upon their faces.
The orphanage was an hour away from Roxanne’s house. By the time they arrived, the Damaris family had already set up the interior for diagnosis and treatments.
Unlike the last time when Roxanne had to line up to enter, Roxanne and Jack were immediately ushered into the director’s office as soon as they got out of the car.
“Mr. Damaris. Dr. Jarvis,” greeted the director eagerly.
Roxanne was a little surprised that the doctor knew her, but when she glanced at Jack, she immediately came to her senses. He must've talked to the director before.
After politely exchanging some words with the director, they immediately got to work.
The flow of events was quite similar to the previous one. Once Roxanne and Jack entered the tents, the children began lining up and entering one by one.
However, Jack and Roxanne were the only ones in the tent this time. Perhaps it was because Jack was going to pass on some of the Damaris family’s medical knowledge to Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1005
Chapter 1005
Chapter 1005 Switch To This Acupuncture Point
At first, Roxanne thought the two of them would not be able to cope with all the work. Somehow, the children were very cooperative. Hence, she could not tell if it was because of the gifts she had prepared.
Both Roxanne and Jack treated the patients in an orderly fashion. Perhaps it was because the orphanage was in a city and had better facilities compared to the previous one.
Apart from some congenital disabilities, the children were mostly fine. As the number of children still waiting in line gradually reduced, Roxanne, too, gradually felt more relaxed.
When the last child in line entered the tent, Roxanne took out a stuffed bunny and gave it to him. Surprised, the boy looked up and thanked her politely, “Thank you, Ms. Jarvis!” He then carefully took the stuffed bunny from her.
Roxanne could not help but pat him on the head, beaming. Suddenly, she noticed he looked extremely pale, and the sight of that made her heart sink. She immediately asked him in concern, “Do you normally have any discomfort?”
Hearing that, the boy frowned and mulled briefly before answering with hesitance, “My heart feels uncomfortable sometimes.” His words brought a frown to Roxanne’s face, and she pressed on, “Can you tell me in detail?”
Again, the boy pondered for some time. “Sometimes, it beats really fast, but it goes back to normal after a while.” This is a typical symptom of arrhythmia.
Roxanne shot Jack a look before instructing the boy, “Dear, could you lie on this bed? I’d like to examine you a little.”
Carrying the stuffed bunny, the little boy climbed onto the bed obediently. Then, Roxanne began taking his pulse. Meanwhile, Jack activated the machine beside them.
Not long after, their suspicion was confirmed. The boy was suffering from a severe case of arrhythmia. However, he was very lucky that nothing major happened to him.
Thankfully, they had discovered his illness.
Before Jack could say anything, Roxanne had already brought out her acupuncture tools while comforting the boy, “This might hurt a little. Please bear with it, okay?”
Although the boy did not know what she was going to do, the sight of the long needle frightened him a little.
Nonetheless, the stuffed bunny in his arms gave him a strange sense of courage, and he nodded in response.
Following that, Roxanne patted his head and began inserting the needles.
Acupuncture could help reduce the symptoms of arrhythmia which was something she knew long ago.
Just when she was about to insert the last needle, Jack’s voice rang out behind her.
“This point might be better.”
Roxanne halted in her movements, and she cast a confused glance at the acupuncture point Jack was pointing at.
He smiled. “The Damaris family has done some research on this before. The acupuncture points you've chosen are the most
common points used to treat arrhythmia. But based on our research, the treatment’s effects will be better if the last acupuncture point was switched to this.”
Surprise flashed past Roxanne’s eyes.
After all, the acupuncture points Jack was referring to was rarely used in acupuncture treatments. She could not guarantee what kind of effect it would bring if she actually inserted the needle there.
Maybe things are as Jack said. It might actually improve the boy’s condition. Then again, his condition might also worsen. At the same time, the boy watched them earnestly, though he did not understand their conversation.
However, he trusted them with all their heart and did not question them.
After thinking about it carefully, Roxanne looked up at Jack, whose gaze was brimming with confidence.
Finally, Roxanne decided to follow Jack’s suggestion and insert the last needle into the other point. 
###Chapter 1006
Chapter 1006
Chapter 1006 Expecting Someone Else
After some time, Roxanne asked concernedly, “Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?” The boy shook his head. He felt nothing apart from the moments the needles were inserted.
Only then did Roxanne feel relieved. She waited for a little while longer before retrieving all the needles when the time was up. Seeing that, the boy sat up on the bed and asked naively, “Ms. Jarvis, am | healed?”
Asharp pang hit Roxanne’s heart. “No. We'll need to continue observing you in the future. Remember to pay more attention to your health and don’t take part in vigorous exercises, okay?”
The boy nodded. Then, Roxanne prescribed him some traditional medicine, to which Jack gave many suggestions. After a thorough contemplation, she still accepted his suggestions and made changes to the prescription.
When that was completed, the boy took the paper and went looking for the staff responsible for packing the medicines. Sadness was written all over Roxanne’s face as she watched him leave.
Perhaps it was because the medical consultation had gone extremely well and the boy's illness was not too severe. Still, Roxanne could not help but feel bad for him.
If he were an ordinary child, his parents would do everything in their power to care for him if they found out about his condition. But this child is an orphan... If not for this medical consultation, he would've...
Just as she was about to be overwhelmed by sorrow, Jack’s voice sounded from behind her.
“Don't worry. The follow-up treatment from my family’s medical consultation is free. We'll continue to observe his condition until he has recovered.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne turned around and shot him a grateful look. “I’d like to thank your family on behalf of the kid.”
Jack let out a hearty laugh. After calming himself down, he raised his brow at the remaining gifts she placed by the wall. “What are you going to do with these?”
Following his line of sight, Roxanne grabbed the bags and informed, “Please wait for me. I'll distribute these to the other children.”
Hence, Jack nodded and waited patiently.
Immediately, Roxanne stepped out of the tent, and the children’s cheers immediately sounded on the outside.
Jack chuckled, for he had expected how much the children would like her.
“Mr. Damaris, this is the log for today’s medical consultation. Please have a look.” An employee handed Jack a folder.
Hence, Jack nodded and accepted the folder. He had just flipped open the first page when the sound of a phone ringing filled the tent.
Glancing in the direction of the sound, he spotted Roxanne’s phone flashing on the table. Earlier during the medical consultation, they had placed their phones there for convenience. However, Roxanne forgot to take it with her when she left.
Flashing the employee a smile, Jack walked to the table and looked at the phone.
The name on the caller ID was none other than Lucian.
Jack raised his brow and turned his head to glance at the tent’s entrance.
The children’s cheers never stopped, and Roxanne’s laughter could be heard in between. Clearly, Roxanne was having a great time with the kids and would not be back so soon. At that realization, Jack retracted his gaze and picked up the phone.
Lucian did not speak right away, so Jack purposely kept quiet, too.
It was not after some time that Lucian’s deep voice rang out. “What are you doing?”
As if having just returned to his senses, Jack responded in an exaggerated tone, “Mr. Farwell? Geez, | was expecting someone else. Why didn’t you say anything? What is it, anyway? Do you need something from Ms. Jarvis?”
Right as he finished his words, a dead silence took over the conversation. Though Jack said nothing else, the look on his face could easily make others misunderstand. For a moment, only the sound of their breaths could be heard through the phone.
It was as if they were at a standstill—neither of them spoke or hung up. 
###Chapter 1007
Chapter 1007
Chapter 1007 Slightly Uneasy
“Where’s Roxanne?” Lucian’s voice finally rang out again after some time. Only then did Jack let out a chuckle. He kept quiet for a moment and finally uttered, “Ms. Jarvis is busy. | can help you convey your message to her instead.”
Agrim look instantly spread across Lucian’s face. Roxanne’s with Jack again, huh? And she even let him take care of such a private device?
When he thought of the purpose of his call, the atmosphere around him grew terrifyingly tense. Cayden, who was standing opposite Lucian, felt his heart sink when he saw the scowl that spread over the latter’s face.
Cr*p. Who on earth answered the phone? Who can make Mr. Farwell so furious? “That won't be necessary,” Lucian snapped coldly. “Since she’s busy, then I'll call her later to talk to her myself.”
Meanwhile, Jack arched a brow. “I’m afraid you might've misunderstood something, Mr. Farwell. I’m just working with Ms. Jarvis out here. If you don’t believe me, | can get her to answer the call now.”
While saying that, he instructed someone beside him, “Get Dr. Jarvis—”
Before he could finish, Lucian interrupted in a threatening tone, “Of course, | believe you're working closely with Roxanne. However, | hope you should at least have some self-awareness. Stay away from her unless it’s related to work. | don’t mind personally teaching you a lesson when it is necessary.”
With that, he hung up without waiting for a response from Jack, who eyed the darkened phone screen in amusement.
| was just playing a little trick on him. Who would’ve known Mr. Farwell would actually lose his cool and threaten me? Looks like Roxanne and Mr. Farwell are much closer than | thought. Or maybe he’s thinking the same about me and Roxanne.
With that thought in mind, Jack cast a meaningful glance outside the tent where Roxanne’s voice came from. | wonder what Lucian means to her.
Just then, the employee asked tactfully, “Mr. Damaris, should | still get Dr. Jarvis to come in?”
Her voice immediately brought him back to reality. Returning Roxanne’s phone to where it was, he shook his head and said, “No. It's all right.”
After all, he only said that to put on an act. Hearing that, the employee gave a brief response and returned to her seat. At the same time, Roxanne had finally freed herself from the children and entered the tent with all smiles.
“Someone called you just now, and | answered it for you,” Jack stated truthfully when he saw her coming in. Roxanne immediately froze in her tracks. “Who was it?”
Feigning confusion, Jack explained, “It was Mr. Farwell, but he refused to tell me what the matter was.” Lucian?
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat. Why is he still calling me? Isn’t he already dating Aubree? Has he finally come to his senses and wants to apologize to me?
All those speculations made her feel uneasy. In the past, Lucian had always been displeased with her interaction with Jack. Now that Jack had answered the phone on her behalf, she could not imagine what Lucian would feel.
Realizing what she was thinking, Roxanne clenched her fist to snap herself out of it. No. He'll be fine. Lucian was just using me. I'm sure he was just faking his displeasure in the past.
With that, she put her thoughts away and gave Jack a firm nod. “Okay. I'll take care of it.” 
###Chapter 1008
Chapter 1008
Chapter 1008 Roxanne Never Came To See Him
Jack had been staring at her ever since she returned. Naturally, he did not miss the look of anxiousness on her face earlier. “I believe it was rather rude of me to answer the call for you. | hope you don’t mind.”
Hearing that, Roxanne grinned as if everything was fine. “It’s okay.” Still, Jack probed, “I wonder why he called you. | tried asking him, but he refused to tell me.”
In response, Roxanne shook her head. “I don’t know either.” Intrigued, Jack raised his brow. Though Roxanne thought she had done a good job at concealing her emotions, he still saw through her.
After all, the change in her expression was too obvious from the moment she stepped into the tent. Indeed, the phone call stirred up some emotions in her heart.
Looks like Lucian has a special spot in her heart. This is interesting. Meanwhile, in the CEO’s office of Farwell Group, Cayden peered at Lucian fearfully.
Lucian had been looking unhappy ever since he hung up. To be more specific, he had been like that ever since Jack spoke. In fact, even the temperature around him lowered.
Judging from his experience in dealing with Lucian, Cayden knew he should keep his mouth shut to avoid triggering the former’s fury.
However, that was clearly impossible. Cayden uttered carefully, “Mr. Farwell, how should we deal with the medicinal herbs.?”
Lucian had been sick for the past few days. During that period, he had instructed Cayden to order a batch of medicinal herbs from Herbscape Group’s branch.
At first, Cayden did not know what Lucian wanted to do with them. It was not until Cayden witnessed Lucian making a call that he understood the situation.
The first thing Mr. Farwell did the moment he recovered was to help Ms. Jarvis solve her problem. At that realization, Cayden could not help but feel touched on Roxanne’s behalf.
Alas, it was the wrong person who answered the call, and Lucian’s kind intention was not made aware of. Cayden could not help but pity Lucian.
He originally thought Lucian would give up on the idea of giving Roxanne the medicinal herbs out of anger. To his surprise, Lucian fell silent for a moment before saying, “Send them over.”
Lucian’s words which were laced with anger stunned Cayden.
Did | hear him right? Isn’t he mad? Still, he wants to send the medicinal herbs to Ms. Jarvis?
Cayden hesitated, not sure if he should carry out Lucian’s orders.
When Lucian spotted Cayden still in his office, he uttered coldly, “What are you waiting for?”
Hearing that, Cayden straightened his back and responded, “I'll work on it now!”
With that, he spun around and exited the office.
In the meantime, Lucian glanced at his darkened phone screen as his gaze darkened too.
Lately, Estella always returned home with an expectant look. Sometimes, she would even stay up late, claiming that Roxanne would visit and treat Lucian.
Of course, Lucian knew Estella had already reported his condition to Archie and Benny.
He surmised the boys would have already relayed the information to Roxanne and told her to see him. The fact that Estella was so expectant made it hard for Lucian to not feel the same.
Never did he expect Roxanne to not give him a single call when he had been ill for almost a week.
If he had not taken the initiative to call her that day, he would never know she was with Jack.
Ahint of mockery flashed past his eyes when he thought of that.
To Roxanne, her job is always the most important thing. Or is it because she’s working with Jack this time? 
###Chapter 1009
Chapter 1009
Chapter 1009 Who Else Can It Be
Meanwhile, Cayden took some men with him and brought the herbs to Roxanne’s research institute. Around the same time, Jack sent Roxanne back in his car.
The three of them came face to face the moment they got out of their respective cars. Cayden was stunned to see Roxanne and Jack coming out of the same car.
Jack was the first to break the silence. “We have just finished our medical consultations. Ms. Jarvis’ car broke down, so | sent her back.” To Cayden, his explanation was meant to hide the truth.
He then turned to look at Roxanne. “Mr. Lawson, what are you doing here?” Roxanne felt a little guilty when she met Cayden’s gaze, but she managed to calm herself down.
Cayden glanced at the man standing next to her and replied loudly, “Mr. Farwell has asked me to deliver these medicinal herbs to you. Now that you are back, please do an inventory check.”
With that, he turned around and signaled to his staff. Very soon, the staff unloaded all the boxes of herbs. Lucian asks him to send these medicinal herbs?
Roxanne was puzzled. She knew she had never mentioned such a request to Lucian. Is Lucian trying to make it up to me by sending these medicinal herbs?
Roxanne could not help but find it ironic. Jack, on the other hand, raised his brows in surprise when he saw the medicinal herbs. Inadvertently, he said, “I suppose this is why Mr. Farwell called you earlier on.”
Only then did Roxanne return to her senses and nod hesitantly. She could not think of other reasons as well. It was annoying for Cayden to see Roxanne standing next to Jack. He felt it was unfair to Lucian.
“Ms. Jarvis, everything is here. Please inspect them. If you need more, do let me know,” Cayden added. Roxanne was not sure if she should accept Lucian’s gift.
“Mr. Farwell found out that your research institute has caught on fire. These herbs are difficult to acquire, and he asked me to transfer some from abroad two days ago. They would have arrived earlier if it wasn’t because of the transportation.”
Cayden was trying to make Lucian’s presence known.
Apeculiar feeling arose with Roxanne.
So, these are the herbs.
Shortly after the research institute caught fire, Lucian asked her if she needed any help.
However, Colby claimed he would find a solution back then. That was why Roxanne turned Lucian down. In the end, Lucian still ended up procuring those herbs for her.
In that instant, Roxanne could not think straight.
Before that, it had always been her suspicion that Lucian was the mastermind of that fire.
But, if it was really him, why does he bother to do this?
Then again, if it isn’t him, who can it be...
“Well, | didn’t expect to receive Mr. Farwell’s support.”
Jack’s voice rang out.
Roxanne composed herself, but she did not know how to respond to Jack’s comment.
Instead, Cayden remarked, “Mr. Farwell’s support is only meant for Ms. Jarvis. Mr. Damaris, | hope you don’t get the wrong idea.”
Afraid that he might have offended Jack, Cayden added nonchalantly, “After all, Mr. Farwell and Ms. Jarvis are well acquainted.”
When Jack heard that, he looked at Roxanne with raised eyebrows. “Are Ms. Jarvis and Mr. Farwell related in any other ways? Is there something | should know?”
Roxanne was taken aback by his questions, and she tensed up ever so slightly. “We do know one another. Our children are classmates.”
Roxanne had no wish to reminiscence her relationship with Lucian. 
###Chapter 1010
Chapter 1010
Chapter 1010 That Is All
However, Roxanne had no idea that Jack had found out about her past. That was why Jack raised his brows and looked at Cayden when he heard her denial.
Once again, Cayden felt unjust on Lucian’s behalf. Despite Lucian being ill, he still insisted on helping Roxanne. Cayden could not understand why she was so ungrateful.
Furthermore, she seemed so secretive about her relationship with Lucian. It was as though Lucian was an embarrassment! In spite of his thoughts, there was no way Cayden could express them outright in front of Jack.
“These medicinal herbs are difficult to find. Mr. Farwell has transferred nearly all of the remaining medicinal herbs from Herbscape Group.”
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat, but she forced herself to calm down quickly. “Please convey my thanks to Mr. Farwell. However
As far as Roxanne was concerned, Lucian did that in order to compensate for making use of her in the past. Therefore, she had no intention to accept his gift.
Moreover, Jack had already provided them with sufficient medicinal herbs. Before she could finish her sentence, Jack cut in. “Since this is a nice gesture from Mr. Farwell, | reckon you should kindly accept it, Ms. Jarvis.”
With a serious look on his face, Jack looked at Roxanne before he continued, “Our research is going to be more complicated in the future. There’s no harm in having more medicinal herbs.”
Anyway, they're free. Why not?
Roxanne hesitated again. Cayden could not stand it any longer. Even though Lucian was ill, he still thought of her and tried to assist her. At the end of the day, she was actually planning not to accept his gift.
Just as Cayden was about to open his mouth, Roxanne finally nodded. “Please thank Mr. Farwell for his kindness.” Roxanne then nodded at Cayden with gratitude.
For some strange reason, Cayden felt a twinge in his heart. Does Ms. Jarvis accept these medicinal herbs because she wants them?
Or is she doing it because of what Jack tells her? Cayden could hardly breathe when he saw that another man had to convince Roxanne to accept Lucian’s kind gift.
As for Roxanne, she did not spare the matter any further thought. Instead, she went forward to check the herbs before getting her staff to carry them in.
“If there’s nothing else, | will make a move first. Grandpa is still waiting for my report on the medical consultation.”
Once Jack was done helping her with the inventory-taking, he took his leave.
Roxanne watched as his car left.
Suddenly, Cayden’s voice rang in her ears. “Ms. Jarvis.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne turned around in confusion.
Cayden chose his words carefully even though he was feeling anxious. “If you don’t mind me asking, Mr. Damaris and you...” He did not need to finish the rest of his sentence. Roxanne knew what he wanted to ask.
“We are just friends working together. Please don’t get the wrong idea.”
Naturally, Cayden did not quite believe her. Outwardly, he let out a sigh of relief and began to say nice things about Lucian.
“To be honest, Mr. Farwell gave the instruction to have these medicinal herbs transferred while he was still ill. The moment he feels better today, he told me to deliver these herbs over to you.”
Although Roxanne’s heart was racing, she nodded in acknowledgment. “Please thank Mr. Farwell for me.” Cayden was dumbstruck.
That's it?
Lucian regards her with utmost importance. In the end, is this all he gets? Just a word of thanks?
It was as if Roxanne knew what was on his mind, so she added, “The research institute owes Mr. Farwell a favor. Please let us know when he needs our help. We will try our best.”
Even though it was a promise, she only said she would try her best.
Cayden’s heart sank, and he felt sorry for Lucian. 
###Chapter 1011
Chapter 1011
Chapter 1011 Not Like That
Meanwhile, Jack was just about to step into the Damaris residence when he bumped into his parents. “Dad, Mom, what are you doing here?”
Ever since he had proven his capabilities in taking over the family business, both Titus and Priscilla started to travel to other places to do their medical consultations.
For some unknown reason, they came home without informing him. Priscilla frowned and shot a reproachful look at her son before asking, “I heard that you are involved with Lucian’s ex-wife?”
His parents must have seen the overwhelming discussions on the Internet which took place a while ago. As a result, they did an investigation on Roxanne and found out that she had two children.
What was more surprising to them was the fact that Roxanne was Lucian’s ex-wife! The thought of her son socializing with a divorcee with children irked Priscilla.
Jack looked at his mother in puzzlement. “How did you find out?” Since Jack did not deny it, then it must be true. Priscilla was displeased. “The online comments went wild a while ago. All of our relatives are asking us about it!”
Jack became even more confused after hearing that. “They know that Roxanne is Lucian’s—”
Before he could finish his sentence, his mother cut him off. “We did our own investigation! Do you want others to know that you are seeing a divorcee!”
Priscilla found it difficult to suppress her anger when she saw her son’s reaction. “I’m the one who brought you up, and | have never interfered in your private life. You can date any woman you want to.”
She stared furiously at Jack before continuing, “But, why can’t you find someone else? Must you date a divorcee with two children? On top of that, her ex-husband is that guy from the Farwell family! You’ll be made a laughingstock once people find out about this!”
After listening to his mother’s lecture, Jack showed no remorse. Instead, a grin appeared on his face. His unrepentant response annoyed Priscilla even more, and she glared at Titus Damaris.
Sensing his wife's stare, Titus felt helpless. However, under the pressure of his wife, he had no choice but to say something, “Your mom is right. There are so many women out there. Why must you find someone who is in the same social circle as us?”
Both the Farwell family and the Damaris family were prominent families in Horington.
How are we going to socialize with them if our son really ends up with Lucian’s ex-wife?
Titus thought he was stern enough in his reprimand. Unfortunately, he fell short of his wife's expectations. He turned around to find that the grin on Jack’s face was even more apparent than before.
Titus frowned. “Why are you smiling? This is a serious matter!”
It was only then Jack walked up to his parents and sat down on a single-seater couch.
It was obvious that he had something to say.
Priscilla exchanged glances with Titus before the two of them turned their attention to their son.
Jack then started to explain slowly, “You've got the wrong idea.”
When his parents heard that, they looked perplexed.
The comments on the Internet are going crazy. How can we be mistaken? Have those netizens gotten it wrong too? “So, are those photos fake?” Priscilla could not help but question him.
Jack shook his head before replying, “Of course not. But, it isn’t what they think.”
Titus and Priscilla still eyed their son with suspicion.
They had watched Jack grow up.
In all those years, they had never once seen their son behaving so intimately with a woman. 
###Chapter 1012
Chapter 1012
Chapter 1012 What Exactly Are You Planning
Ata single glance, Jack saw right through his parents. Exasperation inexorably swamped him. “Since you've investigated Ms. Jarvis, I’m sure you already know that she’s an exceedingly outstanding doctor.”
With regard to that statement, Titus and Priscilla had no rebuttal. During the investigation, they had already learned that Roxanne studied under Harvey and was even his top student.
That alone was sufficient for them to acknowledge her medical attainments. However, that didn’t mean they could accept the fact that she was a divorcee with kids.
Jack could tell that his parents were still influenced by public opinion, so he had no choice but to continue explaining things to them helplessly.
“| reckon you're both aware of the project the Damaris family established recently.” In response, Titus and Priscilla nodded noncommittally.
Despite being away from the Damaris residence most of the time, they still kept themselves informed about the Damaris family's activities.
At that, Jack nodded in satisfaction. “Since you know of this project, you must know that Ms. Jarvis is also one of the members involved.”
Everything was fine before he mentioned that, but the instant he did so, Priscilla’s face darkened once more. “I heard she also obtained the opportunity by...”
By selling her body.
Before she could vocalize the rest of that comment, Jack interrupted testily, “That's just a baseless rumor. Hadn't Jessica apologized?”
When Priscilla heard that, her expression turned even grimmer.
Jessica had been her ideal candidate for a daughter-in-law throughout the years, but she had never imagined that the woman would do such a thing.
In consideration that it was her misjudgment, she didn’t say anything further.
Subsequently, Jack continued, “Although I’m taking the lead in this project, Grandpa was the one who chose the collaboration partners. He selected Ms. Jarvis because she showed outstanding performance in the medical consultation. He even personally discussed the collaboration with her.”
Surprise flashed across Titus and Priscilla’s eyes when they learned that she passed Hector’s selection. In other words, he’s also aware of Jack’s interaction with her? If so, why didn’t he put a stop to it? When Jack saw that his parents were still misconstruing things, a headache assailed him.
His parents had been immersed in improving their medical skills all these years. Consequently, they were seemingly dense when it came to other matters.
More accurately speaking, they couldn't be bothered to give much thought to anything else. That also made it extraordinarily taxing for him to clarify things to them. “While the Damaris family is a century-old prestigious family in the medical field, its strength is still lacking when it comes to
certain aspects even now. As the heir of the Damaris family, dating is definitely not my priority at present, so you can both rest easy,” Jack assured patiently.
Speaking of the current situation of the Damaris family, Titus and Priscilla were finally willing to put their thinking caps on.
Judging from his usual temperament, he indeed couldn’t have possibly been so hasty to date that woman. But... if it’s not love, why must he maintain such close ties with her? Larry is also a good choice for a collaboration partner!
Priscilla had always been a straightforward person, so she demanded right then and there, “In that case, what exactly are you planning?”
A meaningful smile bloomed on Jack’s face. “You'll naturally know when the time comes.” That reply of his had both Titus and Priscilla bewildered. Alas, Jack didn’t give them any opportunity to ask about it further.
“All right, I’m going upstairs to report the results of today’s medical consultation to Grandpa. Go and rest since you've both just come back.”
After saying that, he got up from the couch. Before going upstairs, he didn’t forget to urge, “Don’t listen to all those gossips out there regarding the matter between me and Ms. Jarvis.”
There was nothing Titus and Priscilla could do about it, so they had no choice but to nod in acquiescence. 
###Chapter 1013
Chapter 1013
Chapter 1013 What Had Happened Between Them
Meanwhile, at the research institute, Cayden rambled incessantly about Lucian’s merits while helping to transport the medicinal herbs. Regretfully, Roxanne remained unmoved.
At the end of his rope, Cayden took his leave after transporting the medicinal herbs and left. On his way back to Farwell Group, resentment brewed within him.
Even when he went into the CEO’s office to report back to Lucian, his face was as black as thunder. “What's with this expression of yours?”
Glimpsing his assistant’s expression, Lucian frowned, thinking that Roxanne turned down his help. Only then did Cayden snap back to his senses. He chuckled guiltily. “Nothing.”
Seeing that he didn’t want to speak of it, Lucian didn’t press him for an answer, merely inquiring, “Have you sent the medicinal herbs over?”
Cayden suppressed the grievance within him and replied succinctly, “Yes. Ms. Jarvis received it personally.” He initially thought that his employer would have questions since he mentioned Roxanne.
Unexpectedly, Lucian acted as though he didn’t hear it, nodding expressionlessly. “Got it. You’re dismissed.” That’s all?
Cayden was stunned for a long while, finding it incredulous. When Lucian remained silent, he sheepishly spun on his heel to leave. While he walked out of the office, he wavered about telling the man about Roxanne and Jack riding in the same car.
But upon imagining Lucian’s expression after learning about it, he couldn’t help shuddering. Hence, he silently nixed that idea. Even when it was time to get off work in the evening, Lucian never mentioned Roxanne anymore.
It was as though that batch of medicinal herbs was meant to signify an end to their relationship.
Sitting in the adjacent assistant’s office, Cayden watched as Lucian walked out of his office with a face devoid of expression and took the elevator directly when it was time to get off work. A mixture of emotions roiled within him.
Is Mr. Farwell... really giving up on Ms. Jarvis?
Needless to say, Lucian knew nothing about Cayden’s thoughts.
Nonetheless, his feelings somewhat aligned with the latter’s conjectures.
Ever since he fell ill until that present day, Roxanne’s reaction had disappointed him beyond words.
He felt that he had already sacrificed enough and lowered himself sufficiently to make up for his mistakes six years ago. Yet, she remained unmoved.
Therefore, he felt that he needed to stop for a while and carefully assess what was lacking between them.
He mulled it over throughout the drive. Soon, his car slowly came to a stop at the gates of the kindergarten.
Archie, Benny, and Estella hadn’t been let out of school yet.
For once, he waited for them at the gates.
Sometime later, the children walked out in a line under Pippa’s lead.
They seemingly caught sight of his tall figure at once. “Daddy.” It was the first time Estella saw her father that early, so she should be thrilled. However, she appeared listless.
It's been a long time since I’ve seen Ms. Jarvis. | heard from Archie and Benny that they've also tried persuading her, but she refuses to meet me. | wonder what had happened between Daddy and her now.
Little did she know that the subsequent events would be even worse than she had imagined.
When the children had walked over to him, Lucian held his hand out to Estella. “Let’s go home.”
Hearing that, Estella snapped her eyes up and gaped at her father in surprise.
“But Ms. Lane isn’t here yet.”
In the past, they had always waited with Archie and Benny. Only when the boys had left would Estella do the same. At the side, Archie and Benny were also perplexed, not quite understanding Lucian’s meaning.
Previously, Daddy left with Essie right away because he was sick. But now, he has obviously recovered! 
###Chapter 1014
Chapter 1014
Chapter 1014 Because Of This Evil Woman
Lucian cast a look at Archie and Benny indifferently. A strange feeling inexplicably welled up within Archie and Benny when they met his gaze. The look in Daddy’s eyes when he regards us seems to have changed.
In fact, they felt that the man seemingly didn’t want to look at them for long, his gaze only staying on them for a brief moment before leaving in the next heartbeat.
“Mr. Farwell?” Benny couldn't help venturing. Lucian merely inclined his head a fraction. “Ms. Ward will wait with you both.” Having said that, he held his hand out at Estella once more.
Estella was reluctant to leave, but she could tell that her father appeared to be angry. After a moment's hesitation, she ultimately reached out and took his hand.
Archie and Benny, on the other hand, could only quieten down and watch helplessly as Lucian left with Estella. “Is Daddy mad at Mommy, Archie?” Benny stared at his brother pitifully.
Archie remained expressionless, but disappointment glinted in his eyes. That was also the only possibility he could think of. After all, Lucian kept Roxanne company by her side every time she was sick.
But this time, he was sick, yet she didn’t even bother inquiring about his condition. Daddy must be pretty disappointed...
Meanwhile, Lucian brought Estella into the car. His gaze swept over Archie and Benny at the gates of the kindergarten. Then, he slowly started the car.
When they had driven out a distance away, Estella couldn't resist asking, “Are you mad at Ms. Jarvis, Daddy?” Lucian’s brows creased, and he didn’t answer that. He could guess what she wanted to say, but he wasn’t in the mood to listen right then.
Unaware of her father’s thoughts, Estella continued in a cute voice, “She didn’t mean to keep away instead of visiting you. It must have been because she was busy with work.”
She was sad about the fact that she hadn’t seen Roxanne in a long time, but still, she chose to comfort him. Ms. Jarvis is already avoiding us. If Daddy is mad at her on top of that, | don’t know when they'll make up. At the end of the day, she was still yearning for Roxanne to be her mother.
Lucian wasn’t at all surprise to hear that.
If it were in the past, he would’ve played along with her and consoled her.
This time, however, he merely frowned. His voice was also a touch chilly. “We'll talk about this another day.” Such an attitude made it clear that he was planning to evade the matter.
Estella’s cheeks puffed up. Despite her reluctance, she still zipped her mouth obediently. As she glowered at his back, she mused inwardly.
Daddy must be mad at Ms. Jarvis, or even livid. Hmm... what must | do to have them make up?
She was rather troubled by the situation.
Before she could figure out a solution, the car had already come to a slow stop before the Farwell residence. Lucian alighted from the car before turning back and carrying Estella out.
Just when the two of them were about to head into the mansion, the door was opened from the inside, upon which Aubree walked out.
At the sight of her, Lucian’s expression changed slightly.
Estella was likewise shocked, and her face scrunched up.
Don’t tell me, Daddy is suddenly mad at Ms. Jarvis because of this evil woman!
“Lucian, Essie, you’re back.”
As though blinded to their change in expression, Aubree went up to them with a bright smile.
Behind her followed Catalina, who wore an exasperated expression.
Aubree came to visit out of the blue that afternoon, claiming that she wanted to check on Lucian’s recovery.
It went without saying that she had no authority to kick the woman out, so she could only allow her to stay. 
###Chapter 1015
Chapter 1015
Chapter 1015 Without A Hint Of Concern
Lucian merely tilted his head at Aubree apathetically before bringing Estella into the mansion. Behind them, as Aubree eyeballed their backs, a flash of something flittered across her eyes.
From what | know, Roxanne and Lucian hadn't met ever since that night. Hah! It’s evident that the b*tch knew her place and gave up. With that being the case, I've got to seize this opportunity all the more and secure my position as the future mistress of the Farwell family!
Although Lucian remained indifferent to her as usual, she wasn’t deterred in the least. Upon seeing that they had gone into the mansion, she hurriedly followed suit. “Is something the matter?”
Lucian had already seen Estella back to her room and was descending the stairs. He pinned a detached look on the woman at the door.
Halting in her steps, Aubree answered smilingly, “Mrs. Farwell told me to come and see how you're doing.” By then, Lucian had already retracted his gaze on her. “I’ve already recovered, so tell her not to worry.”
Aubree wanted to speak further, but he had promptly dismissed her, adding, “If there’s nothing else, you may leave.” At that, Aubree abruptly froze. “But—”
How could | possibly leave when | haven't even got the time to do anything?
Lucian swept his gaze over her. “Wasn't it my mother who asked you to come and look in on me? You've seen me now, so it’s best that you go over quickly and tell her how I’m doing so that she won't worry.”
After saying that, he withdrew his gaze, unwilling to lay eyes on her any longer than necessary. His insouciance had Aubree gritting her teeth hard. Even so, | must think of a way to draw close to him!
With that in mind, she cast a glance at the stairs at the door. A second later, she retracted her gaze and flashed the man a smile. “You're right. I'll leave you to it, then. Please excuse me.”
In response, Lucian nodded noncomittally. Pursing her lips, Aubree smiled before whirling around and walking toward the door. Unexpectedly, her foot slipped just as she reached the stairs.
“Ahh!” A shriek echoed in the mansion. Startled, Catalina hastily ran out to see what had happened.
She was greeted by the sight of Aubree sitting on the ground pathetically, curled into a ball while cradling her ankle with both hands and hissing her breaths perpetually.
From the looks of it, she was in agonizing pain. “What's wrong, Ms. Pearson?”
Seeing that, Catalina swiftly rushed over to help her up. Alas, Aubree kept her head lowered with her eyes trained on her ankle. Her forehead was dotted with sweat.
Panicking slightly, Catalina jerked her head up and cried out for Lucian. “Mr. Farwell, quick, come and have a look!”
No sooner had her voice rang out than Lucian’s figure appeared at the door of the mansion. He stared down at the woman on the ground. “What happened?”
It wasn’t until Aubree heard his voice that she lifted her head with a painful expression on her face and forced a smile. “It's nothing. | just...”
While saying that, she forcibly tried to get up from the ground.
But the moment her injured leg touched the ground, a stab of excruciating pain shot through her body.
Unstable on her feet, she almost fell back onto the ground.
Catalina failed to react in time. Just when Aubree was going to take a spill, a hand materialized all of a sudden.
It was Lucian.
“Don't force yourself when you’re hurt.”
Frowning, Lucian aloofly supported her elbow with a hand and helped her regain her feet.
Despite helping her, his tone remained impassive without a hint of concern.
When she was steady on her feet, he dropped his hand and ordered Catalina, “Help Ms. Pearson in.” 
###Chapter 1016
Chapter 1016
Chapter 1016 Even A Hairline Fracture Is Worth it
“Sorry, I... was thinking about something earlier, so | accidentally missed the step,” Aubree murmured in feigned contrition after Catalina had helped her onto the couch.
Standing behind the two of them, Lucian said nothing to that. Aubree’s heart sank, and she hypocritically remarked, “I probably twisted my ankle by accident. Let me rest for a while before going over to Mrs. Farwell’s place to tell her about your condition.”
Having said that, she acted as though she was afraid that he would worry and flashed him another smile. She initially thought that her comment would garner the man’s sympathy.
At the very least, he would allow her to stay over that night. To her disappointment, Lucian merely bobbed his head blithely. Subsequently, he crouched before her.
For a moment, she was at a loss.
A heartbeat later, a sharp pain came from her ankle, upon which her expression instantly changed.
“Does it hurt?” Lucian queried in a deep voice, a hand grasping her injured ankle.
Gritting her teeth, Aubree nodded fervently.
In the next instant, Lucian dropped his hand off her. “It’s likely a fracture.”
When Aubree heard that, her eyes lit up, and she ventured, “Is it that serious? Then, can I...”
Before she could finish her utterance with her request to stay the night at the manor, Lucian cut her off.
“Have Dr. Elswick make a trip here and check her over,” Lucian instructed Catalina, shifting his gaze away from her. Humming in acknowledgment, Catalina immediately contacted the family doctor.
Aubree wanted to make another try, but Lucian’s voice sounded once more.
“If it’s severe, you might have to go to the hospital. Stay still and sit here to wait for Dr. Elswick to come and check on your injury.”
On the whole, those words could be considered an expression of concern.
However, Aubree knew all too well that he was merely fulfilling his obligations as the host. Otherwise, his tone wouldn't be so icy. If | hadn’t taken a tumble at his doorstep, he probably wouldn’t even have bothered to inquire about my condition.
At that realization, she couldn’t help recalling how the man kept Roxanne company for the entire night when the latter fell sick.
With the comparison between the two, a tidal wave of resentment surged within her. The expression on her face grew considerably grimmer.
Lucian, on the other hand, had already sat down on the couch next to her. Right then, he was checking his emails on his phone. It was abundantly clear that he planned on having the family doctor deal with her injury.
His impassioned look had the envy within Aubree blazing all the hotter. Yet, she was also aware that it wasn’t a good time for her to speak.
Almost half an hour passed before Sonny finally arrived.
“What's the matter, Catalina? Who did you say was injured on the phone just now?”
Hastening over, Catalina pointed at Aubree on the couch. “Ms. Pearson tripped and fell at the stairs. Go and check on her, quick.”
Sonny had been the family doctor of the Farwell family for many years, so he was naturally acquainted with Aubree. Hearing that she was injured, he quickly stepped forward with his medical kit to check her over.
Soon, Aubree’s painful groans filled the air.
Withdrawing his hand, Sonny concluded solemnly, “I’m afraid it’s a hairline fracture. | can’t treat this.”
At that diagnosis, a glimmer of surprise flittered across Aubree’s eyes.
Oh no, a hairline fracture... | merely wanted to put on a show to stay the night at the Farwell residence. Never had | thought that I'd sustain such a severe injury. But on second thought, I’ve already fractured my arm previously. As long as | obtain the results | want, even a fracture is worth it!
At that thought, she lifted her eyes and looked at Lucian with hope.
“It might be best that | remain immobile, considering my injury. Can | intrude on you for tonight and stay here at the manor?” 
###Chapter 1017
Chapter 1017
Chapter 1017 Petty Tricks
In the meantime, Estella was getting hungry from waiting, so she let herself out the door. As soon as she arrived downstairs, she heard Aubree express her intention to spend the night.
Alarm bells sounded in Estella’s head. She waddled over to her father’s side. Daddy and Ms. Jarvis had not reconciled, and she would be even angrier if she finds out that Ms. Pearson is going to spend the night here!
Even worse, Estella feared her father would have Aubree become her mother. The child gazed at her father with wide, unblinking eyes and conveyed her thoughts without uttering a word.
Lucian met Estella’s eyes and caressed her head comfortingly, then turned his gaze to Aubree. Aubree’s heart thumped audibly at the realization that Lucian’s answer was not what she wanted to hear.
“You should go to a hospital for that. | wouldn’t be able to explain myself to my mother if your condition worsens.” Lucian’s tone was cold.
After he spoke, the man stood up from the couch.
Estella immediately grabbed her father’s trouser leg and followed him closely behind.
Gazing after the departing father and daughter, Aubree glared maliciously at the little figure beside Lucian.
That little b*tch again!
Amoment later, Aubree redirected her gaze at Lucian. “Could you come with me to the hospital then, Lucian? I’m a little scared.”
Lucian glanced sideways at her with a jeer but upon considering it, nodded mutely.
As she had fallen in his house, it was only polite that Lucian sent her to get treatment. “Daddy!” Estella tugged on her father’s trouser leg, looking all reluctant.
Daddy accompanied Ms. Jarvis all night at the hospital when he sent her that time. I’m afraid Daddy would do the same for Ms. Jarvis.
Lucian gazed down at his daughter next to him before inclining his head at Aubree. “Wait a moment.”
Then, he took Estella up the stairs.
“Don't go to the hospital with her, Daddy!” Estella said while puffing up her cheeks as soon as they arrived upstairs. Though he knew what she was hinting at, Lucian was still amused. “Why not?”
Estella leaned closer to her father with the most forlorn look she could muster, and her tone became meeker.
“| know you're still mad at Ms. Jarvis, Daddy, but you’d promise me that you would ask for my blessing if you were to find me a mother.”
Estella sounded very hurt.
Lucian frowned in puzzlement at those words.
Initially, he assumed that the child would mention Roxanne again, but he was surprised when she gave a different reason instead.
| have to admit that her reason couldn't have come at a better time.
Lucian placed his hand firmly atop Estella’s head and caressed her soft hair. “I’m only sending Ms. Pearson to the hospital,” he said gently. “I'll be back very soon.”
Estella gazed wide-eyed at her father, still looking skeptical.
However, Lucian did not explain further.
Amoment later, the child relented. “Then you'd better hurry back, Daddy,” she chirruped. “Otherwise, I'll be scared tonight.” Lucian’s brows furrowed imperceptibly at those words.
| wonder if that woman had taught Essie how to employ such petty tricks. 
###Chapter 1018
Chapter 1018
Chapter 1018 She Will Not Mind
“Daddy!” Estella urged a moment later when she did not receive an answer from her father. Shaking himself out of his reverie, Lucian nodded resignedly at his daughter.
Only then did she let go and watch him go down the stairs. Aubree was beside herself with anxiousness as she waited downstairs and remained in doubt as she watched Lucian descend the stairs.
That little b*tch’s private word with Lucian is obviously trying to get him not to send me to the hospital. Aubree was aware that Lucian spoiled Estella and was even delaying marrying her because of the girl.
| wonder if | would have to go to the hospital alone because of her. Aubree could not quell her racing heart, even when Lucian stood firmly before her.
Lucian turned to address the family doctor. “I must trouble you with Ms. Pearson, Dr. Elswick.” Aubree’s eyes widened at those words when she realized she was correct in her hunch that he did not intend to keep her company.
“Do you hate me that much, Lucian?” Aubree hung her head with feigned injurt and summoned her tears. Lucian grimaced impatiently. “I've contacted your parents, and they will pick you up from the hospital soon. I'll Keep you company here while we wait.”
Aubree glanced up with a frown. “It’s late. | don’t want them to worry.”
Lucian had already turned and marched toward the entrance. “They should be on their way and would be even more worried if they did not see you at the hospital.”
Gritting her teeth angrily at those words, Aubree stood up with the doctor's help.
“Be careful, Ms. Pearson. Take your time,” Sonny said in concern.
Aubree did not even glance at him. Every step she took was increasingly more forceful as if trying to fracture her ankle. Sonny watched her and was rather worried, but upon realizing that she would not heed his advice, he promptly fell silent. There was another bout of rejection when it was time to enter the car.
In order to prevent any unforeseen circumstances, Sonny was to accompany Aubree to the hospital.
With respect to hierarchy, he was supposed to occupy the front passenger seat while Aubree and Lucian sat behind. Nevertheless, when he arrived at the car, Lucian was already seated in the front passenger seat.
Sonny carefully helped Aubree into the back seat before gazing at Lucian. What is this?
“Mr. Farwell, this is—”
Lucian returned his gaze through the rearview mirror. “Sit down. Ms. Pearson wouldn’t mind.”
Sonny then turned his gaze gingerly toward Aubree, who refrained from gritting her teeth in consternation to smile nonchalantly at Sonny. “Please sit. | need you to help me out.”
Sonny was flattered by those words. “That’s my job.”
At last, he climbed nimbly into the car and seated himself beside Aubree.
To avoid annoying Aubree, he surreptitiously leaned toward the door to place as much distance as possible between them. Fortunately, the journey was smooth, and the car stopped outside the entrance of the hospital soon after.
Lucian was the first one to exit the vehicle.
Sonny followed closely behind, then turned around and helped Aubree.
Gina and her husband had been waiting for a long time by then and hurriedly came to greet them when they saw Lucian. “What happened, Lucian? How did Aubree hurt herself?”
Then, she glanced around and added anxiously, “Where’s Aubree?”
As soon as she spoke, she saw her daughter appear with Sonny’s help. 
###Chapter 1019
Chapter 1019
Chapter 1019 Other Obligations
The couple scowled. Though they knew of Lucian’s intention to cancel the wedding, they did not expect him to be that harsh to their daughter.
Lucian had already explained over the phone that Aubree might have a hairline fracture, and despite knowing the severity of her condition, he did not even bother to help her.
If somebody had taken a photograph and circulated it, their engagement would have become a joke. The couple’s minds raced with the best course of action before resigning to humble themselves. “What happened, Aubree? How did you hurt yourself so badly?”
Not seeming to notice Lucian’s cold attitude, the couple directed their concerned attention to their daughter and took over Sonny's job in assisting her.
Aubree allowed her emotions to run rampant at the sight of her parents. She scowled, refusing to answer them.
Sonny stepped forward to speak out. “Ms. Pearson had fallen down the stairs, and her ankle is hurt. It’s not serious and she is going to be fine with a couple of days in a cast and rest.”
Gina turned pale at those words. “How could you say that a fracture is not serious?” Aubree gave her mother a meaningful gaze at the latter's hostile tone.
Upon realizing she had said something wrong, Gina suppressed her anger. The full extent of Aubree’s injury was ascertained after paying a visit to the orthopedic specialist and taking an X-ray. The group watched as Aubree’s foot was put in a cast.
Lucian glanced at the time and frowned. “Now that you’re here, Mr. and Mrs. Pearson, | should get going.”
At that, he inclined his head at the two elders before turning to Sonny. “You will be responsible for following up on Ms. Pearson's progress. Expedite her recovery.”
Naturally, Sonny promised without hesitation. “Lucian!” Gina called to stop him as she glanced at her daughter and then at Lucian’s departing back. Lucian’s stride faltered as he turned around. “Is there anything else?”
Gina gave a dry laugh. “Look at how badly injured Aubree is. Besides, her father and | have been busy of late and may not be able to handle her. Why don’t Aubree stay with you—”
Before she finished her sentence, Lucian interrupted, “I will send somebody to care for her if need be.” Gina gulped and turned to face her husband with a furious expression.
Samuel knew what his wife was up to and chimed in at once, “That's not what we meant. Besides, we won't feel at ease having an outsider care for her.”
Their words could not be more explicit: they hoped Aubree would be allowed to stay at the Farwell residence.
As Lucian was still courteous enough to give them due respect as elders, Samuel was reasonably confident that Lucian might agree his request.
To his surprise, Lucian rejected him casually.
“In that case, | can send her to my mother’s.”
In an instant, the Pearson family of three was dumbstruck.
However, Lucian had still shown respect to the two elders by providing a reason.
“I've been swamped of late. Besides, | need to care for Essie. | have my own obligations to attend to.”
Upon realizing that their plan had fallen apart, Gina and her husband gritted their teeth and swallowed the indignity.
Gina simpered, “There’s no need to trouble Mrs. Farwell. I'll take care of Aubree at home these coming days.”
Lucian nodded noncommittedly. He turned and left after nodding once more at the two of them. 
###Chapter 1020
Chapter 1020
Chapter 1020 Aggrievance
Lucian’s phone rang when he arrived at the hospital entrance. It was the landline from home. “When are you coming back, Daddy?”
Estella’s demure voice sounded from the other end as soon as he picked up. “I’m on the way,” Lucian replied softly. “Go to sleep first, ll be home to see you soon.”
Estella promised and hung up quickly after that. It was already late at night when Lucian arrived back at his manor. Then, he made his way to Estella’s bedroom as soon as he got home just like how he had promised her.
To his surprise, he found the child still awake. She watched him enter indignantly without saying a word. Lucian frowned. “What are you angry about this time?”
“You're back so late!” Estella complained. | would love it if Daddy spent all night with Ms. Jarvis, but he was with Ms. Pearson. | dislike her! Counting in the travel time, it would not take him more than an hour to make it back.
Lucian’s brows twitched at the child's complaint. The child had never complained when | was out all night caring for Roxanne. It was obvious that both women were given very different treatment.
“| ran into Mr. Pearson and Ms. Walker,” he explained patiently to the child while suppressing his exasperation. Estella’s cheeks remained puffed with displeasure.
Lucian knew the child would not be deterred from speaking with him about Roxanne, so he did not bother explaining further.
Estella was still considering how to talk to her father, but his reply never came.
However, she was not going to give up that easily after spending all night mulling over it.
Then, Estella steeled herself to begin, “I don’t want Ms. Pearson to be my mommy.”
Lucian agreed with an indifferent expression. “I know.”
“| want Ms. Jarvis!” she added quickly, staring at her father.
Estella’s reaction did not surprise Lucian.
His brows furrowed, and his gaze at his daughter turned grave.
“Don't be mad at Ms. Jarvis, please, Daddy?” Estella begged forlornly.
Lucian fell silent for a long time before standing up from the bed.
“Daddy!” The child reached out to grab his shirt when she thought her father was going to leave. Lucian merely stood on the spot. His gaze fell onto her little hand.
Though Estella knew her father had always accommodated her, it seemed to her that he had become really angry this time.
Aware of that thought, Estella let go of her grip with an aggrieved expression on her face.
“You promised me, Daddy.”
What's more, he was the one who suggested it. Now Daddy is going back on his word. Lucian’s gaze softened at the sight of the child being close to tears.
Several seconds later, he leaned over and caressed her head comfortingly.
Pursing her lips, Estella avoided his gesture.
Helplessness flashed across Lucian’s eyes.
“There are no guarantees when it comes to relationships. | need to think through this.” Well, just think about that woman’s attitude toward me.
Without giving the child the opportunity to speak, Lucian leaned over, tucked her in, and turned to leave. 
###Chapter 1021
Chapter 1021
Chapter 1021 Pain
That very night, Gina and her husband brought Aubree back to the Pearson residence. “You got hurt. Just stay at home for the time being,” Gina said to her daughter as she sat on the edge of the bed. There was a strange expression on her face.
Aubree glanced at Gina as fury rose in her heart. “My plan backfired, so you don’t want me to head out and get mocked by others, do you?”
All these years, her parents had been regarding her as an item. They wanted nothing more than to marry her to Lucian. Despite sharing their sentiments, Aubree was disappointed to be raised by such parents.
Besides, they didn’t offer her any help at all. Gina stiffened for a few moments before regaining her composure. “How could you say that? I’m worried about you. Look, your leg is hurt. There’s no way you can go out like this.”
Aubree gritted her teeth and balled her fists. She refused to admit defeat. Why did Lucian spend the entire night with Roxanne despite her minor cold but refuse to spend time with me when | am injured?
The more Aubree thought about it, the more furious she got. Gina was about to say something when Aubree announced angrily, “No. This has to get out!”
Gina looked at Aubree in confusion. “Why?”
Aubree had fallen down when she went to visit Lucian and had been turned away at the door. Besides, the two had been engaged for six years and had yet to set a wedding date. If the public were aware of these facts, they would likely draw their own conclusions and mock the Pearsons for trying to benefit from their association with the Farwells but failing to do so. Gina wanted to avoid this embarrassment for Aubree and the Pearson family.
Remembering the rumors circulating online, she felt a twinge in her heart. However, Aubree appeared both determined and mad. “If | don’t tell Sonya about this, she’ll never know | was hurt!”
She finally realized that Lucian would never fall in love with her. Her only hope was to gain Sonya’s sympathy and marry into the Farwell family with her blessings.
The only way to do that was to spread the news about her injury so that Sonya would know how Lucian treated her. It was only then that Gina realized what Aubree was getting at. However, she still had her doubts.
She knew they would have to come up with a new explanation before spreading the news. Even so, after word got out, there would be a risk that someone might uncover the truth. She was worried that their secret might be discovered.
“Lucian isn’t speaking with that b*tch right now. If | miss the opportunity...” Aubree’s expression turned icy. “Okay. | promise Mrs. Farwell will be informed about your injury by tomorrow morning,” Gina said. Aubree gave a Satisfied nod in response.
Gina showered her care and concern on Aubree briefly before leaving her room.
Aubree was the only one left in the room.
The moment the door closed, a deranged expression took over Aubree’s face.
Her injured ankle was in a cast, but it still caused her pain.
The pain was a reminder of how Lucian had treated her in the past few days.
She had loved him for years, yet that was what she got in the end.
She refused to accept her fate. She had wasted her youth on him and didn’t want to let it go to waste.
Even though Lucian would never love her, she still wanted to be his wife and the lady of the Farwell family. 
###Chapter 1022
Chapter 1022
Chapter 1022 Treated You Poorly
The next morning, words about Aubree’s injury became public knowledge. Sonya contacted Aubree to show her concern. “Aubree, | heard you were injured. Is that true?”
Aubree sat on the edge of her bed and stared at her wounded ankle. Her expression was cold, but she replied nicely, “I accidentally fell down, but I’m fine. You don’t have to worry about me, Mrs. Farwell.”
Sonya furrowed her brows. “How did you fall? Didn’t you visit Lucian yesterday? Does he know that you’re hurt?”
Aubree sounded conflicted as she responded, “Mrs. Farwell, you should stay out of this.” “He knows about it, doesn’t he?” Sonya immediately guessed.
Every time Lucian mentioned his relationship with Aubree, he would tell me to stay out of it. Even Aubree is saying the same thing now!
At that thought, Sonya grew breathless with anger. “Tell me how you got hurt.” A smug look flashed across Aubree’s eyes as Sonya was close to the truth.
She pretended to be hesitant for a few seconds as if struggling with what to say. “Yesterday, | fell down the stairs as | was leaving Lucian’s place and injured my ankle bone.”
Then, as if she was concerned that Sonya might hold Lucian responsible for her injury, she quickly added, “Fortunately, Lucian had Dr. Elswick treat my injury in time.”
Gina happened to enter her room at that exact moment, so Aubree quickly signaled to her. Gina got her hint and immediately chimed in, “Samuel and | freaked out when we received Lucian’s call last night.”
Sonya sensed something amiss and her frown deepened. “Lucian called you? Where is Aubree now?”
She had assumed that Lucian would let Aubree stay at the manor and look after her since she got injured at his place. After all, it was the right thing to do.
However, she started doubting herself after hearing Gina’s words.
Before Gina could respond, Aubree interjected, “Mrs. Farwell, I’m at home now. | think it would be better for me to recuperate here under my parents’ care.”
She was indicating that she chose not to recuperate at the Farwell residence.
Gina quickly threw her a look.
However, Aubree wasn’t about to change her mind. She seemed confident as she waited for Sonya’s answer.
As she anticipated, Sonya’s angry voice rang out. “You don’t have to take his side. Lucian must have treated you poorly! | can’t believe he made you leave when you were injured. Don’t worry. I'll give him a piece of my mind on your behalf!”
Gina belatedly realized that it was merely a strategic but efficient retreat on Aubree’s part.
Aubree flashed a pleased smirk and deliberately replied, “Mrs. Farwell, you’ve gotten it wrong. It was my decision to—”
“Stop trying to defend him. | know you're a good person. Don’t worry. As long as | am here, | will never let you suffer.” With that, Sonya hung up right away.
After the call ended, Aubree let out a snicker and tossed her phone aside, then turned to stare at her ankle which was in a cast. She thought it was worth getting injured because Sonya was going to defend her. Gina, who was standing at the side, relaxed immediately as their plan had succeeded.
Suddenly recalling why she had come upstairs, she said, “Aubree, Frieda is here to visit you.” 
###Chapter 1023
Chapter 1023
Chapter 1023 Why Are You Here.
Aubree gathered her thoughts and nodded. “Tell her to come upstairs.” “Okay.” Gina went downstairs to tell Frieda to head to Aubree’s room.
Frieda had learned about Aubree’s injury early this morning. She quickly made her way to the Pearson residence, as there was still something weighing on her mind.
Upon receiving Gina’s approval, she hastily ran upstairs. “Slow down. Why are you in a hurry? My injury isn’t that serious.” Aubree feigned concern, as she could hear Frieda running along the corridor outside her room.
The footsteps in the hallway suddenly came to a halt. Frieda stood outside the bedroom door. She looked down at her phone, then at the door, and hesitated for what felt like an eternity.
When Aubree came to the door hopping on one foot, she finally snapped out of her reverie. “Why are you standing outside?” Aubree sounded displeased.
Had the earlier phone call with Sonya not been successful, Aubree would not have taken the time to open the door. Frieda forced a smile, padded into the bedroom behind Aubree, and closed the door carefully.
After confirming the door was shut, Frieda hurried into the bedroom and sat down beside Aubree’s bed. Aubree arched a brow and glanced at Frieda. “So? Why are you here?” she asked as she scrolled through her phone.
Frieda parted her lips to speak but changed her mind and kept her thoughts unspoken. She hesitated for some time and eventually looked down at Aubree’s wounded ankle. “Aubree, is your injury serious?”
Atrace of impatience appeared in Aubree’s eyes but quickly faded away. She replied, “Getting injured doesn’t matter as long as | get what | want.”
Frieda naturally knew there was a reason behind her injury. However, she did not expect to hear Aubree say those words.
Recalling how Aubree had injured her arm the last time, Frieda couldn’t help but sigh inwardly. Aubree is going all out just to get Lucian’s attention, huh?
With that thought in mind, she blurted out, “Aubree, you're so harsh on yourself.”
Aubree’s expression turned dark, for she thought Frieda was mocking her. “You don’t understand. You have to take risks if you want to reap the rewards.”
Her sacrifice would be worth it as long as she achieved her goal. Frieda belatedly realized she had said the wrong thing. “That’s not what | meant. I’m just worried about you.”
Aubree put on a friendly smile despite feeling irritated inside. “We're good friends, so | understand what you're saying. What I mean to say is that in order to achieve success, sacrifices must be made.”
Frieda recalled what she had seen yesterday and bobbed her head in agreement.
Aubree gave a Satisfied nod, as Frieda was no longer gazing at her wound.
Frieda stayed in her seat next to the bed but didn’t say a word for a long time.
Something seemed to be weighing on her mind.
Noticing that, Aubree frowned in confusion. “Why? Is there something else that brings you here?”
That snapped Frieda out of her daze. She quickly glanced at her phone that she had put aside.
Seeing that, Aubree, too, glanced in the direction of the phone.
Awhile later, Frieda started hesitantly, “I received something yesterday and was instructed to give it to you.”
Inexplicably, Aubree’s heart sank when she heard that. 
###Chapter 1024
Chapter 1024
Chapter 1024 Do Not Turn Against Me
“What is it?” Aubree asked with a scowl. Frieda retrieved her phone and showed her a few photos. There was a tent in the first photo. Not far away from the tent was a white skirt.
Nothing else was shown, but Aubree’s face was already grim. | know the tent. It was the one Roxanne and the little b*stards set up that day. The white skirt is most probably the one | wore that day.
The photo didn’t show anything else, so the person who took the photo was obviously targeting her. In the following photo, Aubree could be seen wearing that white skirt. She was holding a white medicine bottle with an unknown substance inside.
The photos showed what Aubree had done that day. Finally, the series of photos ended when Aubree finished positioning the bacterium and made her exit.
Aubree’s face was as dark as thunder by the time she scrolled to the last picture. “Where did you get these?” she demanded. Frieda quickly explained, “I don’t know. Someone sent them to me yesterday with a text.”
She hurriedly scrolled to the text to show it to Aubree. The text read: | know you’re good friends with Aubree Pearson. Show these photos to Ms. Pearson and tell her I'll delete these photos if she pays me ten million. Otherwise, Mr. Farwell will receive them soon!
For the past few days, Cory dared not contact Aubree, as Lucian’s men had been keeping an eye on him. However, he refused to give up on the chance to get some money.
After racking his brains, Cory decided to find an opportunity to send a text to Frieda, who was good friends with Aubree. That was the only way to make sure Aubree would see the evidence instead of Lucian. “Aubree, you should know who sent the text, right?” Frieda asked carefully.
Aubree gritted her teeth. Cory Zaythrone! I’ve put in a lot of hard work to hire the most renowned private investigator out there, only to find out he’s exploiting his clients through extortion. | should have been more vigilant and not let my guard down.
Seeing that she was heaving with rage, Frieda guessed that she knew the person who sent the text. “Have you upset someone who then followed you? If not, how did they manage to take these pictures?” Aubree suppressed her anger and replied icily, “This is the private investigator | sent to follow Roxanne!” Frieda has seen these photos, so we’re now in the same boat. | don’t mind telling her my plan.
Frieda stiffened but quickly realized that Aubree had fallen for someone else’s trap.
| can’t believe someone managed to trap her. But... “What was the stuff you put into the cup?” Frieda asked curiously. Aubree proceeded to explain her plan.
She concluded, “I taught the little b*stards a lesson before that, but they didn’t learn from their mistake. So | decided to let them suffer once again.”
She taught them a lesson before that? Something occurred to her. “The bacterium you asked me for back then—”
Before she could complete her sentence, Aubree interjected, “You guessed it right! We are both in this together, so don’t you dare turn against me!” 
###Chapter 1025
Chapter 1025
Chapter 1025 | Will Reward You
Frieda froze when she heard that. Although she hated Roxanne and her kids, she never intended to hurt Estella. After all, doing so would mean making an enemy of Lucian, and nobody in Horington would dare to get on his bad side.
However, Aubree had gotten her involved in her evil deeds without her knowledge. “What’s the matter? Are you scared?” Aubree asked while looking at her coldly. Frieda came back to her senses.
Aubree is right. Regardless of how | feel about the situation, | am indeed in the same boat as her now. Since there’s no running away for me anymore, my best bet is to help Aubree become Lucian’s wife! Once she rises to power, we'll be able to cover our tracks!
With that in mind, Frieda flashed Aubree a nonchalant smile and replied, “Since when have | ever been scared? Those little b*tches had it coming! They only have their insolence to blame!”
Aubree simply stared at Frieda in silence. The tension was so high that it took Frieda every ounce of willpower she had just to maintain her smile.
After what seemed like forever, Aubree nodded and said, “That’s more like it.” Frieda then mentioned the text message from Cory. “What should we do about the ten million? Do we really give it to him?”
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen Aubree’s expression gradually grew cold as she gave it some thought.
While waiting for her response, Frieda continued, “He had the audacity to threaten you, so we can’t just let this slide. I’m surprised he dared demand ten million from us!”
“What do you plan on doing about it?” Aubree asked with a chuckle. “We mustn’t pay him the money. Doing so might just provide him with more dirt on us!” Frieda replied.
Aubree’s face clouded over. What Frieda said is indeed possible. Cory has set me up once, so he might try to do it again. However, | can’t afford to take that risk...
“We'll pay him the money,” Aubree muttered through clenched teeth. Frieda went wide-eyed with shock. “Aubree!”
“If we don’t, these pictures will reach Lucian tomorrow,” Aubree said with a gloomy look in her eyes. Frieda shuddered when she realized what could happen. “All right, then. But what if he betrays us?”
Private investigators only work for the money, so they are very easily swayed.
Aubree’s expression was icy-cold as she replied, “After we pay him the money, we'll have someone track him down and destroy the evidence!”
As Frieda didn’t have a better idea, she could only follow Aubree’s instructions and do as she was told. “Understood. I'll have someone take care of it right away!”
Although Aubree found it disgusting, she pretended to be touched and held Frieda’s hand.
Confused, Frieda froze and stared at her in silence.
With Frieda’s hand in her own, Aubree put on the most sincere expression possible as she said, “Don’t worry, Frieda. Once | marry into the Farwell family, I'll be sure to reward you for helping me all this while!”
Frieda’s panic and fear seemed to have disappeared after she heard that. She flashed Aubree a confident smile and said, “You're doing all of this for Lucian’s sake, so I’m sure he'll come to like you in the end!”
Those words hurt Aubree’s heart like salt on a wound. Despite feeling incredibly disgusted and annoyed, Aubree simply let out a wry chuckle. “Let’s hope so.”
The two of them then chatted for a little while longer. In order to prevent Cory from betraying them out of desperation, Frieda quickly left to carry out Aubree’s instructions. 
###Chapter 1026
Chapter 1026
Chapter 1026 What She Feels About You
Meanwhile, in the CEO's office of Farwell Group, Jonathan was sitting in front of Lucian with a teasing smile on his face. “I hear a portion of medicinal herbs from Herbscape Group’s overseas branch has been shipped back to Horington.”
Lucian simply nodded without saying anything in response. “Back then, | suggested you lend a helping hand, but you refused to do so. Now, look what has happened!” Jonathan continued with a chuckle.
| thought he was actually going to ignore Roxanne completely, but he ended up intervening anyway! “Well? How did Dr. Jarvis respond to you lending her a hand?” Jonathan asked.
The look on Lucian’s face turned gloomy the moment he heard that. When Jonathan didn’t get a response from Lucian, he slowly came to realize that he had said something he shouldn't have.
From his expression, it’s obvious that their relationship has yet to improve. In fact, it might even have gotten worse. This doesn’t make any sense, though...
Noticing the confused frown on Jonathan’s face, Lucian said, “It’s been a week since we've contacted each other.” Jonathan got even more confused. “What? Why is that? What happened?”
After taking a moment to eye Lucian from head to toe, Jonathan figured he either got mad at Roxanne or had done something to anger her again.
After all, it was Lucian who wanted to win her heart over. One glance at Jonathan was all Lucian needed to figure out what he was thinking. Seeing as his line of thought was similar to Estella’s, Lucian could only let out a helpless sigh. “I don’t know the reason either.”
He then paused to take a deep breath before continuing, “I thought | had done plenty for her, but she started avoiding me again after my mother brought Essie home. She knew | was sick last week, but she didn’t even bother to ask me how | was doing.”
That puzzled Jonathan even further.
Right as he thought things couldn't get any worse, Lucian added, “I did exactly what you told me to. | sent them the medicinal herbs that they needed, but she didn’t even contact me after that.”
“She didn’t even call to say thanks?” Jonathan asked in shock.
Lucian’s lips curled into a wry smile.
Not only did Roxanne not thank him for his help, but she also had someone else answer his calls for her.
“This doesn’t make sense... You've done so much for Dr. Jarvis. She should at least feel touched or something...” Jonathan mumbled to himself.
How could Dr. Jarvis not feel anything at all? “What else can | do?” Lucian asked coldly. Jonathan felt anxious and guilty when he heard Lucian’s tone of voice.
Lucian has been consulting me for advice on courting Roxanne all this while, so I’m partially responsible for his failure. Dr. Jarvis is the most suitable woman for him, so | can’t let her leave him like this! Even so, judging by what Lucian said earlier, it would seem that she no longer has feelings for him. Otherwise, she would've at least called to check on Lucian when he fell sick.
Jonathan looked up at Lucian and asked cautiously, “Lucian, what do you think Ms. Jarvis feels about you all this while?” 
###Chapter 1027
Chapter 1027
Chapter 1027 She Has Given Up On You
The look on Lucian’s face grew solemn the moment he heard that. How does Roxanne feel about me? I’ve never thought about that before...
According to her, she has always treated me like a complete stranger. However, | can tell from her attitude toward me that she sees me as more than a stranger. Could it be that she has started to develop feelings for me after my attempts at wooing her?
Lucian let out a wry chuckle at the irony of that thought. | had assumed Roxanne would feel touched by my efforts, but her response suggested otherwise. In fact, she has been acting as though my actions are causing her a lot of trouble. She probably wished | would just leave her alone, huh?
Jonathan's heart sank as well when he saw Lucian’s expression grow increasingly cold. After a few minutes of awkward silence, he said, “It’s possible that Dr. Jarvis has completely given up on you.”
Even after racking his brain, Jonathan could not see any issues with his methods. He figured the problem must've been with Roxanne’s feelings instead. Jonathan could clearly feel the tension rising in the office, but he decided to continue with his analysis anyway.
“If | were to put myself in her shoes, | wouldn't be able to forgive you for what happened six years ago either. Dr. Jarvis had been living overseas for the past six years, so why did she return all of a sudden? | believe it's because she has let go of what happened in the past.”
Now that Jonathan has mentioned it, Roxanne did claim that we're just strangers when she first returned to the country...
As though Lucian’s icy-cold aura had affected the air around him, Jonathan felt a shiver down his spine when he was done explaining his thoughts.
He quickly corrected himself by saying, “T-This isn’t necessarily a bad thing, though! If Dr. Jarvis has completely given up on you, then the process to win her back will be a lot simpler!”
It wasn’t until Jonathan met Lucian’s icy-cold gaze that he realized he had said something he shouldn't have again.
What am | saying? There’s no way it’s going to be simpler! Given Lucian’s situation, it’s obvious that the difficulty level is through the roof! Honestly, if | weren't part of the reason he ended up like this, | probably would’ve taken off long ago! Whatever, I’ve given him far too much advice to back out now. | can’t just sit idly by and watch Lucian fail like this!
Jonathan cleared his throat and said, “It’s also possible that my suggestions weren’t good enough.”
Lucian simply arched an eyebrow at him in response.
Feeling relieved that he was finally making positive progress, Jonathan continued, “Every woman behaves differently. What other women like may not necessarily appeal to Dr. Jarvis. The most important thing right now is to focus on what she likes.”
Lucian remained silent and motioned for him to keep going.
“In order to win Dr. Jarvis over, we'll need to do more research and find out what she truly wants,” Jonathan went on.
Lucian let out a sarcastic snicker, and Jonathan went silent immediately after that.
“Forget it,” Lucian said emotionlessly.
I've spent way too much time and effort on Roxanne. | thought I was doing a great job by supporting her interest in medicine. | even helped secure her partnership with Damaris Group and delivered the medicinal herbs that the research institute needed. | did so much for her, yet she didn’t even bother to say thanks. All things considered, Jonathan is likely right about her giving up on me completely. 
###Chapter 1028
Chapter 1028
Chapter 1028 Adding Fuel To The Fire
Jonathan had wanted to try persuading him further, but Lucian cut him off, “I have a meeting to attend. We'll talk about this some other time.” Jonathan had no choice but to get up and leave the office.
After stepping out of Farwell Group, Jonathan thought about the advice he had given Lucian earlier and regretted every single word he said.
If | had known things were that bad between them, | would’ve changed the way | worded my sentences! Now, look what I’ve done! Not only did Roxanne show no interest in Lucian whatsoever, but he has also given up on winning her over! Honestly, | feel really bad for Essie.
She really likes Roxanne and wants her to become her mother someday. The best part about this is the fact that Roxanne is her biological mother. However, she’s in for a huge disappointment, as Lucian has already given up on winning her over. There’s only so much a child like Essie can handle...
Of course, Lucian had thought about the exact same thing. He showed up outside the kindergarten later that afternoon. Pippa quickly brought Estella to the front gate after receiving his call. “Mr. Farwell, why—”
She was going to ask Lucian why he wanted to bring Estella home all of a sudden but held her tongue when she saw his gloomy expression.
“| mean, I’ve already approved Essie’s leave...”
Lucian nodded and motioned for Estella to come with him.
Estella was somewhat reluctant to leave. “Do we have to go home right now, Daddy? Could | at least wait till school is over?” She wanted to at least say goodbye to Archie and Benny before going home.
Lucian nodded expressionlessly. “Come here.”
Estella had no choice but to do as told and stepped out of the school. “Ms. Ward, could you please tell Archie and Benny that I’m going home now?”
“Okay!” Pippa replied with a smile. The look in Lucian’s eyes grew cold when he saw how close Estella was to Archie and Benny.
After walking hand in hand with Lucian for a bit, Estella glanced at him in confusion and asked, “Why are we going home so suddenly, Daddy? Did something happen?”
Lucian paused in his tracks and met her eyes. “I’m planning on transferring you to another kindergarten.”
Estella froze in shock.
What? I’m transferring to another kindergarten? Does that mean | won't get to play with Archie and Benny anymore?
“No! | don’t want to transfer to another kindergarten!” Estella protested.
She didn’t even want to go to kindergarten at first, but having Archie and Benny around made it a fun place for her.
She would rather quit than transfer to another one.
“Then you can attend kindergarten at home instead. I'll hire the best teachers for you,” Lucian replied and began leading her toward the head of kindergarten’s office.
“No! | don’t want to!” Estella grabbed the hem of Lucian’s shirt and refused to transfer no matter what.
If | transfer to another kindergarten, | won't be able to see Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny again!
“Why do | have to transfer to another kindergarten, Daddy? You're the one who fought with Ms. Jarvis, not me! | don’t even see Ms. Jarvis at school!” she sobbed, adding fuel to the fire.
Lucian’s face darkened. “I'm not transferring to another kindergarten!” Estella repeated with tears in her eyes. Eventually, Lucian gave in and gave her a reassuring pat on the head.
“We'll talk about this at home,” he said as he carried Estella into his car. 
###Chapter 1029
Chapter 1029
Chapter 1029 Transfer Essie To Another Kindergarten
Estella kept crying throughout the entire drive back to the Farwell residence. “I don’t want to transfer to another kindergarten, Daddy...” she choked out while tugging at the hem of Lucian’s shirt.
Catalina was shocked when she saw them coming in. “What happened, Mr. Farwell?” Lucian simply maintained his icy-cold expression and said nothing.
Hoping that Catalina would help her out, Estella turned toward her and said, “I don’t want to transfer to another kindergarten, Ms. Catalina...”
Transfer to another kindergarten? Catalina was confused.
If | recall correctly, the kindergarten that Ms. Estella attends is invested by the Farwell family. Why would she need a transfer? Besides, given Ms. Estella’s condition, a transfer isn’t exactly suitable for her!
Feeling worried about Estella, Catalina glanced at Lucian cautiously and asked, “What happened, Mr. Farwell? Why are you transferring Ms. Estella to another kindergarten all of a sudden? It wasn’t easy for her to get used to the environment at the kindergarten, so a sudden transfer might not be a good idea...”
Lucian frowned as he glanced at Estella, who was still crying uncontrollably in his arms. Her eyes and nose were red, and tears continued to flow down her cheeks.
Lucian was starting to feel sorry for Estella when he saw how sad she was, but he quickly recalled how dependent she was on Roxanne.
If Roxanne has truly given up on me, then she will never become Estella’s mother. Instead of having Estella wait in anticipation and get disappointed, I’d rather have her cut ties with Roxanne sooner!
Having decided, Lucian made up an excuse and said, “Farwell Group has recently invested in a much better kindergarten. The students are all from prestigious families in Horington, so it would do Essie good to make friends with them.”
Catalina frowned slightly, but she didn’t say anything further. Estella broke down crying again. “No! | don’t want to meet them! | just want to play with Archie and Benny!” “Then you'll have to attend kindergarten at home,” Lucian said, then handed her to Catalina. “Bring her upstairs.”
Feeling sorry for Estella, Catalina said, “Ms. Estella doesn’t seem to like it very much, Mr. Farwell. Maybe you should reconsider this arrangement.”
Lucian remained unmoved. Realizing that he was adamant about his decision, Catalina had no choice but to carry Estella to the bedroom upstairs. Estella’s cries grew softer as she knew she would not get her way with Lucian.
Catalina’s heart ached when she heard Estella sobbing.
Ms. Estella will always go quiet whenever her autism gets triggered. Even her cries become silent... Lucian felt his temples aching as he watched Catalina bring Estella upstairs.
Essie’s condition has yet to stabilize, and Roxanne and her kids have a huge influence on her. | can already predict how Essie will respond if | forcefully cut them out of her life, but | have no choice in this matter. | have to do this!
Lucian slumped against the couch and called up the head of the kindergarten.
The latter freaked out when he heard Lucian’s decision. “What? You want to transfer Essie to another school? Is there something we're not doing right, Mr. Farwell? If yes, please let me know! | promise I'll fix it!”
“It's a personal reason and has nothing to do with the kindergarten. Don’t worry; Farwell Group will not withdraw its funding,” Lucian replied calmly.
Feeling relieved, the head of kindergarten then agreed to his request and took care of the transfer procedures. 
###Chapter 1030
Chapter 1030
Chapter 1030 It Pained Her
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny were standing next to Pippa at the kindergarten. “Where did Essie go, Ms. Ward?” Pippa had no idea where Estella went, but she tried to reassure the boys. “Essie took the day off. But I’m not too sure about the reason.”
“Will we be able to see her tomorrow?” Archie asked. Pippa was hesitant to answer that question at first. Seeing how anxious the two of them were, however, she flashed them a smile. “Yes, you will.”
Only then did Archie and Benny breathe sighs of relief. When classes were almost over, Pippa received a call from the head of kindergarten.
He summoned her to his office and handed her a document and a pen. “All that’s left to do is for you to sign this.” Pippa took the pen and quickly read through the document.
“Essie is transferring to another kindergarten? But why? Is there something we're not doing well enough?” she asked in confusion when she realized what it was.
“Mr. Farwell said it was a personal reason. He also said he would continue funding this kindergarten, so you don’t have to worry about a thing. Just go ahead and sign the document,” the head of kindergarten replied with a smile. For some reason, Pippa couldn’t bring herself to sign the document.
| was the one who sent Essie out the gate today. Had | known she would be transferring to another kindergarten, | would’ve at least had a word with Mr. Farwell! Essie is in no condition to transfer right now! Besides, | just promised Archie and Benny that they'd be able to see her tomorrow. If | sign this now, how will | answer the boys tomorrow?
“Well? Hurry up and sign the document. | want to keep Essie here too because it'll maximize the amount of funding we receive from Mr. Farwell. However, this is his decision, so there’s nothing much we can do about it,” said the head of kindergarten.
After taking a moment to recompose herself, Pippa signed her name on the document.
The next morning, Archie and Benny ran up to Pippa immediately after Lysa dropped them off at the gate.
“Good morning, Ms. Ward! Is Essie here?” they asked in unison.
With a conflicted look on her face, Pippa shook her head.
Thinking Estella was just running late, Archie and Benny stood next to Pippa and said, “Then we'll wait for her here!” Pippa opened her mouth, but the words were somehow stuck in her throat.
When it was time for class, Archie and Benny still saw no sign of Estella.
Realizing that it was impossible to keep it a secret anymore, Pippa said, “Stop waiting. Essie won't be coming anymore.” Archie and Benny went wide-eyed with shock. “Huh? Why?”
She was just fine yesterday! Why would she stop coming all of a sudden?
Pippa looked away to avoid their gazes as she replied helplessly, “I only found out about this after class yesterday. Essie is transferring to another kindergarten.”
Sure enough, Archie and Benny were shocked to the core.
Essie is going to transfer to another kindergarten? Why don’t we know about this? Essie would've told us!
“It was probably a last-minute decision. I’m not too sure about the exact reason behind her transfer,” Pippa said.
That was when Archie and Benny knew Estella was really getting a transfer, and they were absolutely devastated.
Pippa knew how close the three of them were, so it pained her to see them upset like this.
However, all she could do was try her best to comfort them. “You three may not be in the same kindergarten anymore, but you can still play with each other when you're at home.” 
###Chapter 1031
Chapter 1031
Chapter 1031 So Mature For Their Age
While Pippa knew nothing about the affairs between their families, Archie and Benny knew exactly what happened. Daddy must've transferred Essie because he got into a fight with Mommy! He doesn’t want to let us play with Essie anymore!
Archie’s and Benny’s eyes reddened. They had always been obedient and composed in class, so this was Pippa’s first time seeing them cry. For some reason, she found herself empathizing with them.
Pippa knelt beside them and said gently, “Don’t worry. The three of you are very close, so I’m sure Essie will come to play with you two very often. Besides, I’m sure Essie wouldn’t want to see you two crying like this.”
Although Archie and Benny were still upset, they didn’t want to cause Pippa any trouble. Archie nodded obediently and held Benny’s hand as he said, “Come on, Ms. Ward. Let’s head inside!”
Pippa breathed a sigh of relief when she saw them stop crying, but she still felt bad for what they had to go through. My goodness... These two are so mature for their age!
Apart from being a lot quieter throughout the day, Archie and Benny showed no unusual behavior. It wasn’t until class was over that their eyes turned slightly red.
Pippa could see that they were still upset about Estella leaving, but she didn’t know how to comfort them. She simply held their hands in silence.
Lysa frowned in confusion when she arrived and saw their expressions. “What's the matter? Did you two get into a fight with the other kids?” Archie and Benny shook their heads. “Essie is transferring to another kindergarten, Ms. Lane.”
Lysa froze in shock when she heard that. As she looked at the kids in the kindergarten, she realized Estella was nowhere to be seen. And here | thought Mr. Farwell had brought Essie home. Who knows...
“That's all right. You can have your mommy take you to Essie’s house if you want to play with her.” Lysa sounded somewhat uncertain when she said that.
Lucian and Roxanne had practically cut off all forms of communication with each other. Lysa had no idea what happened between them, let alone if Roxanne would allow Archie and Benny to visit Estella.
Even so, she could only try her best to reassure them that everything would be all right. Archie and Benny pursed their lips and shook their heads. Mommy and Daddy are still fighting, so there’s no way they'll let us visit Essie! The boys sniffled at the thought of that and tried
their best to suppress their tears.
Unsure of what she could do to comfort them, Lysa could only let out a helpless sigh in response. Upon arriving at the mansion, Lysa brought Archie and Benny into the house as quickly as she could.
Roxanne was already waiting for them at home. The moment they came in through the door, she noticed something was off about her kids. “What's wrong?” she asked in confusion.
Archie and Benny ran toward her upon hearing her voice. Roxanne stretched her arms out to give them a big hug. “Tell me what happened.”
“Essie is transferring away, Mommy!” Benny replied. Roxanne’s expression and arms stiffened. 
###Chapter 1032
Chapter 1032
Chapter 1032 | Should Have Separated You Two
Archie and Benny told me that Essie took the day off yesterday afternoon. | assumed Lucian had something urgent to do, so | didn’t give it much thought. Who would've known Essie would be transferring away the next day...
After taking a moment to recompose herself, Roxanne asked, “Did she cry?” Estella had cried a lot when Archie and Benny had been expelled, so she assumed Archie and Benny would also feel upset about her leaving.
Benny shook his head. “We didn’t get to see Essie. It was Ms. Ward who told us about it.” They didn’t know if Estella had cried about her transfer.
It wasn’t until they heard Roxanne’s question that they realized Estella was probably just as upset as they were, if not more. Archie and Benny tugged anxiously at Roxanne’s shirt. “Let’s go visit Essie, Mommy! She must be really sad right now!”
Roxanne wanted to visit Estella too, but the mere thought of heading over to the Farwell residence reminded her of what she had seen that night.
Lucian and Aubree were chatting happily outside the mansion. That's probably why Lucian decided to get Essie transferred, huh... Aubree never liked us being close to Essie. If Lucian decides to be with her, then it’s only natural that he prioritizes her feelings. | feel really bad for Essie, though. | wonder if she has accepted Aubree...
Roxanne snapped out of her train of thought when she heard Lysa let out a helpless sigh. She glanced in Lysa’s direction in confusion, only to see her shake her head before she entered the kitchen.
Lysa had seen how Estella behaved when she was around Roxanne and the boys. She couldn't stand the fact that Estella had to leave the people she liked so much.
As Roxanne shifted her gaze back toward Archie and Benny, she saw that their eyes had gotten a lot redder. They looked as though they would burst out crying at any second.
Roxanne had rarely ever seen them cry, so she knew they must be really upset. Benny tugged hard on her shirt. “Let's go, Mommy!”
However, Roxanne brushed his hand off and said in her calmest voice possible, “Mr. Farwell must have his reasons for getting Essie transferred.” Archie and Benny weren't having any of it. “But Essie will miss us!” Roxanne let out a helpless chuckle. “That’s true, but the three of you won’t always be together. There will come a day when we
have to say goodbye to her.”
Lucian probably knew that was coming. That must be the reason he brought Essie away as soon as possible. Roxanne continued, “Even if Essie didn’t transfer to another kindergarten, | would still be bringing you two overseas with me after my work here is done.”
Archie and Benny were at a loss. What? We're still leaving the country? Didn’t Mommy give up on that plan?
As though Roxanne had read their minds, she patted them on the heads and said, “Honestly, I’m at fault too. | should've separated you two from Essie when | told her we would be leaving the country.”
Archie and Benny could not understand why they had to leave Estella. 
###Chapter 1033
Chapter 1033
Chapter 1033 Happy
“Why can’t we stay together with Essie forever?” Benny couldn’t help but ask. We don’t have to be separated if Daddy and Mommy reconcile.
When Roxanne heard Benny's straightforward question, her expression stiffened a little. “That's because...” The kids stared intently at her, waiting for her answer.
After a few moments, she braced herself and stated the reason. “That’s because Mr. Farwell will get married sooner or later. By then, Essie will also have a new family and grow attached to her mommy.”
Archie and Benny pouted after listening to that. Mommy is still unaware that we already know about our births. Why can’t Daddy’s wife be her?
Roxanne was clueless about the thoughts going through the boys’ minds as she explained, “Mr. Farwell must have his considerations for deciding to transfer Essie to another school. Perhaps he wants to provide her with a better educational environment. After all, with her family background, she should receive the best education in the first place.”
She looked away the entire time as she spoke, not daring to meet Archie’s and Benny’s gazes. Archie frowned. His voice sounded slightly hoarse as he uttered stubbornly, “If Essie is transferring to another school, we'll move to the same school as
her.
Roxanne furrowed her brows. Before she could say a thing, Archie added, “Benny can find out about Essie’s new school, and the money | earn should be sufficient to fund our education fees.”
Archie and Benny had different talents. Roxanne’s skills in their areas of expertise were very limited, so she chose not to interfere in what they did.
Benny had displayed his outstanding hacking skills in front of her on multiple occasions. Hence, she knew he was indeed capable of discovering the school Estella would be transferring to.
However, she knew nothing about how much money Archie had earned via all those years of trading stocks and managing his finances.
With Benny’s computer skills and Archie’s wealth, they didn’t need her support at all to execute their plan.
Therefore, Roxanne didn’t know what her stance was on refusing them. As a result, she was left with no alternative but to say, “What if | don’t agree?”
Asolemn expression spread across Archie’s little face. “Why do you disagree? Aren’t you worried about Essie?” Roxanne was rendered speechless. It wasn’t until after a while that she barely came up with a reason.
“Mr. Farwell made the decision regarding Essie’s school transfer. Since he didn’t tell you two about this, that means he didn’t want you to tag along. If you enroll in the same school as Essie and he relocates her again, will you two keep following her around?”
Considering that possibility, Archie and Benny lowered their heads in disappointment.
They yearned to tell Roxanne that they had already known about how they came to be.
However, Roxanne constantly avoided Lucian and even forbade them from divulging their actual age to him. The boys reckoned she was firm on not letting Lucian know about that matter.
Hence, they were afraid of scaring Roxanne away if they abruptly told her the truth.
If that happened, it would be even more difficult for them to meet with Estella again.
At that thought, Archie and Benny did not say anything else.
Assuming the boys had conceded, Roxanne patted their heads with her heart aching. “Be good. Essie will certainly be happy at her new school.”
After she said that, tears brimmed in her eyes before Archie and Benny even responded.
Judging from Essie’s personality, there’s no way she'll be happy for suddenly having to get used to a new environment. Still, this is the only way | can console Archie and Benny. 
###Chapter 1034
Chapter 1034
Chapter 1034 Quit Fighting
Naturally, Archie and Benny also knew Estella wouldn’t be thrilled to attend a new school. Nevertheless, they decided not to push that matter further when they saw Roxanne’s reddened eyes.
“We got it, Mommy.” Roxanne forced a smile at her kids. “Let’s finish our meals and get rested earlier.” The boys nodded obediently. Subsequently, the trio had their dinner absentmindedly.
They returned to their rooms after taking a few bites of their food. Roxanne lay on her bed, looking at the conch shell Estella gave her, with complicated emotions churning within her.
She had just been listening to Archie and Benny giving her an account of their fun time hanging out with Estella the day before. Unexpectedly, Lucian had transferred Estella to another school that day.
She could easily imagine how hard Estella would've cried when the latter was informed of that matter. Nonetheless, she was no longer in a position fit to comfort the little girl.
Roxanne didn’t even have the courage to ask how Estella was doing.
At the thought of Estella’s tear-stricken face, Roxanne felt heart-wrenching pain in her chest. Meanwhile, inside Archie and Benny’s bedroom, the two boys huddled together on the same bed. “Don't cry. Don't soil my bed with your snot.”
Archie regarded his little brother, who was sniffling continuously, with a tense expression.
Tears brimmed in Benny’s eyes. Under Archie’s watchful gaze, he tried his best to suppress his urge to cry. “Essie must be crying her eyes out,” Benny uttered in an undertone.
Archie knitted his brows and nodded. “That's why we must hurry up and go comfort her.”
Hearing that, Benny gradually calmed himself. “But Mommy forbids us from meeting with Essie.” “In that case, we'll go there secretly.” Archie had already come up with a plan.
Benny's eyes lit up instantaneously.
They sat up on the bed and discussed their escape plan in hushed tones.
“Mommy is busy with work these days, so she won't pay attention to us when we're at school. We'll apply for a leave of absence from Ms. Ward to meet with Essie.”
Despite his youthful voice, Archie wore a mature expression, looking like a little adult. Benny nodded firmly. Then, he seemed to have thought of something. “But what if Mommy finds out...”
Archie glanced at Benny with his brows furrowed. “Mommy won't find out. We'll put our watches at home. Mommy will then think we are home because we feel under the weather. We'll already be back home when she returns at night.”
Archie’s plan sounded flawless.
This time, Benny bobbed his head in agreement instead of asking more questions. “It'll be even better if we can run into Daddy.” Even if they managed to cheer Estella up, Archie and Benny would still be powerless to change anything if Lucian was adamant about moving her to a different school.
The best outcome would be for us to meet with Daddy and ask him not to transfer Essie to another school.
Benny pondered naively.
Naturally, Archie was well aware of the thoughts going through Benny's mind because he shared that sentiment.
“| really hope Daddy and Mommy will reconcile.”
Benny turned sorrowful again.
Archie hugged his little brother and comforted him confidently, “They will. If we encounter Daddy tomorrow, we'll convince him not to transfer Essie to a new school and to quit fighting with Mommy.”
Benny nodded vigorously. “Okay!” The two boys conversed under their breath while looking forward to meeting with Lucian the next day.
Soon, they drifted off to sleep on the same small bed. 
###Chapter 1035
Chapter 1035
Chapter 1035 Sneaking Out
Lysa went to wake Archie and Benny up the next morning. Tender feelings formed within her the moment she opened the door and saw them asleep in the same bed.
They woke up on their own before she said anything. However, their countenances were pale. “Ms. Lane, my head hurts...”
Having sobbed for some time and fallen asleep late last night, their voices were still hoarse, and their faces were a little pale. Lysa’s heart sank upon hearing that. She quickly checked their temperature, but they showed no signs of having a fever.
“Hold on. I’m going to fetch your mother.” With that, Lysa left to get Roxanne. Roxanne had been busy with research those past few days. By then, she was all prepared and ready to leave.
When she heard Lysa mention that the kids weren’t feeling well, she put her bag down and hurried to their room upstairs. “What's wrong? Ms. Lane told me you aren't feeling well.”
Benny threw himself into Roxanne’s arms. “Mommy, my head hurts.” Roxanne frowned and reached out to check on him, only to find that he showed no symptoms.
Archie yawned beside them. “Benny kept snatching my blanket, so | hadn’t slept well.” Roxanne surmised upon hearing what they said, “You might have caught a cold while snatching the blanket from each other.”
Both the boys had bitter looks on their faces. As soon as Roxanne let go of Benny, he flopped onto the bed lifelessly.
Roxanne furrowed her brows upon noticing how unwell they seemed to be. “I'll let you take a day off from school so you can get some rest at home.”
The boys nodded and agreed with that. After that, Roxanne immediately informed Pippa of the boys’ absence that day.
“| have important work to do today, so | can’t take care of you at home.Go back to your beds and get some sleep. You'll be fine after you wake up.
"It would be to their benefit that she left them alone at home, so they nodded meekly after hearing that. “Ms. Lane will take good care of us!” Archie answered in an adorable voice.
Roxanne nodded and turned to give Lysa some instructions before standing up to leave. When they figured that Roxanne would have gone some distance by then, they turned to look at Lysa.
“What is it? Are you hungry?” Lysa looked at them with concern. They shook their heads. Lysa was slightly confused as she continued guessing, “Then... Are you missing your mother? She has an important job—”
“Our heads hurt, Ms. Lane. We're also feeling tired and want to sleep,” they cut her off before she could finish her sentence. Benny held his head with a pitiful expression on his face.
Upon hearing that, Lysa stopped mid-sentence and changed the topic. “Then get some rest. I’ll get you when it’s time for lunch.” Archie added, “We might be sleeping in until the afternoon. You don’t need to wake us if we don’t get up when you knock on our door.”
Lysa mulled over what Roxanne had said to her before leaving. In the end, she nodded in acquiescence.
After Lysa left the room, Archie and Benny scrambled up from bed. They seemed to be fine enough, given how lively they were. They tip-toed out of their room and took a peek downstairs.
Lysa was busy with chores in the kitchen.
Upon seeing that, they crept down the stairs from the second floor and made their way to the foyer.
They snuck out of the building one after the other after Archie unlocked the door of the mansion discreetly.
Lysa seemed to have noticed the sounds at the door while working in the kitchen. The door was shut tight when she checked on the living room.
Assuming that she was hearing things, she reentered the kitchen. 
###Chapter 1036
Chapter 1036
Chapter 1036 Her Friends
Archie and Benny hailed a taxi as soon as they successfully snuck out of the mansion. Initially, the driver was hesitant to drive both children upon seeing them.
However, he glanced at the residential area where they came running out from and started the engine immediately after they informed him of their destination.
This will earn me a lot, given how rich their parents are! All the while, neither of the boys was aware of the driver’s thoughts as they focused on coming up with excuses for when they met their father.
After a while, the car stopped in front of the Farwell residence. The driver looked at the entrance of the house while waiting eagerly for someone to come out and pay him.
Archie took out a hundred from his small backpack and handed it over to the driver. “You can keep the change.”
The price meter indicated that the trip would cost them sixty, but the kids didn’t feel like getting their change back in their eagerness to meet up with Estella.
Meanwhile, the driver was startled by the relatively small amount he got. The children had gotten out of the taxi by the time he snapped back to his senses.
Despite Archie being the taller of the two, he could only reach the doorbell while standing on his toes given their height. Someone answered the intercom as soon as it rang.
“Who's there?” Catalina was stunned for a moment as she stared at the screen, on which nobody was visible. After a moment, she heard the childish voices of Archie and Benny. “It’s us, Ms. Catalina! We would like to visit Essie!”
Catalina felt for the children upon hearing that. Estella must've wanted to meet with them two, seeing how she spent the night before weeping.
However, Lucian had left with her early that morning. Moreover, he made a point to instruct her to deny the boys entry if they happened to drop by.
Upon recalling that, Catalina had no choice but to steel herself and inform the boys, “Ms. Estella isn’t home. You should leave.”
She averted her gaze and hung up immediately after, unable to face them. Meanwhile, the boys exchanged looks of suspicion while still standing at the entrance to the manor.
Refusing to believe Estella wasn’t home, they opted to think that Lucian had had Catalina deceive them. Upon reaching that conclusion, they gave up on entering through the front door and went around the manor instead.
The manor premises were surrounded by fences. While it might be a bit of a squeeze, the boys could make it through the gaps in the fences if they tilted their bodies sideways.
Soon enough, they secured the blindspot of the surveillance cameras and squeezed their way through the gap with all their might.
While it was easy to get onto the property, that wasn’t the case when it came to entering the mansion. Benny shrugged and keenly awaited his brother to come up with a solution.
Archie furrowed his brows as he raised his head to study where he remembered Estella’s room to be. He figured that Estella would lend a helping hand to get them upstairs if she had seen them.
However, they didn’t notice any movement from within the room even after spending some time waiting there. They didn’t see Estella, nor did they run into Lucian.
While they were feeling disappointed, a cry could be heard near them. “Where did those kids come from?”
Followed by the question, two men in black suits showed up before them.
Benny trashed about. “Release me! | came to find Essie!”
The bodyguards ignored his yells while bringing the children to the entrance, ready to report back to Lucian.
Catalina just so happened to come out at that moment.
She felt sorry for the boys when she saw what had transpired. “You don’t have to report this to Mr. Farwell. They're Ms. Estella’s friends.”
The bodyguards deferred to her but were confused nonetheless. “Catalina, they snuck in through the fences.” Catalina felt even more for Archie and Benny when she heard that.
“You don’t need to look any further. | didn’t lie to you. Mr. Farwell had left with Ms. Estella early this morning.” 
###Chapter 1037
Chapter 1037
Chapter 1037 What Do You Need
Archie frowned. “Would you happen to know where Mr. Farwell brought Essie?” Catalina hesitated for a moment before answering, “He had perhaps brought her back to the Farwell main residence.”
She recalled having seemingly heard Sonya calling Lucian over the phone. It was likely that Sonya requested that Lucian send Estella over, to which Lucian agreed.
Archie and Benny’s gazes dimmed upon hearing that. Then, Archie asked tentatively, “Can you perhaps tell us where the Farwell main residence is?”
Catalina realized they must be planning to go after Estella by going to the Farwell main residence, which was a huge distance away from where they currently were at.
While Catalina didn’t know how they managed to find their way to the manor from their dwelling, she couldn’t let them go to the Farwell main residence alone as things were. “I know the location, but | can’t tell you.”
With that, Catalina motioned for the bodyguards to unhand the boys. “You must've snuck away without Ms. Jarvis’ knowing. Go home now. Don’t make her worry.”
The boys pouted and stood there stubbornly for some time. It wasn’t until they saw that Catalina wouldn't budge that they turned to leave in defeat.
They had been looking forward to meeting Estella and Lucian ever since the night before. In the end, they only wasted their time by trying.
Benny’s eyes reddened as he moped along.
Archie pouted while walking alongside Benny with a stern expression on his face, worried about Estella’s wellbeing. They were so deeply immersed in their thoughts that neither noticed the lavish car driving in their direction not far away. “It's those boys!”
Aubree’s face fell instantly the moment she laid eyes on the boys who were strolling by the road.
Sonya requested her to retrieve some clothes for Estella from the manor.
She didn’t expect to bump into the boys that early in the morning during a workday.
Those boys are still sticking around Estella even though she’s going to transfer to a new school soon! This is revolting! If Aubree were the one driving, she would’ve turned the car around and gotten out of there.
She got increasingly riled up as she watched the boys leave her field of vision.
| ought to teach them a lesson so that they would leave Estella alone!
As Aubree thought that, she seemed to remember something. “Turn around and go back to the small plaza just now!” she ordered the driver.
The driver deferred to her, turned the car around, and went back where they came from.
Soon, the car pulled over opposite a small plaza.
Aubree glanced at the plaza from afar and smiled in satisfaction upon noting that the people she had been looking for were still there.
“Wait here while | head over there for a moment.”
With that, Aubree put on her sunglasses and face mask. Then, she took her cane with her before crossing the road fully disguised.
A few hooligans were playing cards at the small plaza across the road.
Without warning, a shadowy figure hovered above their heads, followed by a woman demanding in a cocky voice, “Do something for me.”
They stopped in their motions and stood up with livid faces upon hearing that. “Who the heck are you to order us around?”
The woman before them fished out a stack of cash as soon as they said that. “I'll offer you more after you’ve accomplished the task.”
Aubree tucked the money into the hands of the boy nearest to her. The boys’ expressions changed as soon as they saw the money. “Tell us what you need to be done.”
Aubree sneered and whispered a few words into their ears. 
###Chapter 1038
Chapter 1038
Chapter 1038 Release My Brother
The hooligans seemed surprised after hearing what she told them and glancing at the stack of cash they were offered. “Are you sure we’re going after two kids?”
Given the huge amount Aubree offered, they suspected she was messing with them and assumed she would have them fight some trained fighters.
To their surprise, Aubree frowned impatiently. “Are you taking on this task or not? Fine with me if you don’t!”
They agreed with it immediately and pointed in the direction that Aubree had indicated to them. “Over there, right? We'll head over there right now!”
With that, they sprinted in Archie and Benny’s direction. Aubree was feeling self-conceited as she watched the hooligans spring into action and imagined the trouble the two young boys would soon be in.
All the while, Archie and Benny had no idea what they would soon be facing. Benny lamented with a troubled look on his face, “Archie, does this mean we won't get to see Essie again?”
Estella was sent to the Farwell main residence, but neither of them knew where it was. Not even Benny knew what to do despite his hacking skills.
Archie furrowed his brows. “It won’t come to that. Essie is smart, so she'll also be thinking of ways to contact us!” The brothers chatted while approaching the roads.
The Farwell residence occupied a huge plot of land and was located in a remote area, so they would only arrive at the main roads with more traffic after walking some distance.
They only covered a small distance before a few tall young men showed up in front of them.
Benny was still thinking about Estella with his head hung low.
However, Archie stopped in his tracks warily and raised an arm to stop his brother from walking any further. Benny raised his head to check on what was happening with slight confusion.
“This is all the money we’ve got. | can get more at home if you need more.”
Archie was well aware that they stood no chance against the hooligans, so he took out all the cash he had in an attempt to strike a deal with them as calmly as possible.
The boys only took with them two hundred in cash for taxi fares, and they only had one hundred left after their first ride.
The hooligans took in the bill Archie held while approaching the boys and snickered upon recalling having been offered a stack of cash by Aubree.
“Kid, we don’t hold a grudge against you, but since we’ve taken the money...”
Archie backed away slowly while shielding Benny behind him and gave Benny a push when he heard that. “Run!” With that, he followed suit and fled.
It was apparent that the hooligans were up to no good, especially if they were hired by someone.
They must be after us!
“Don’t run! You won’t outrun us anyway!”
The hooligans were startled by their reaction but quickly snapped back to their senses and went after the boys. Given that they were much taller and faster than Archie and Benny, they caught the boys with ease within moments. “What do you want with us?” Archie trashed about. “I can go with you! Release my brother!”
The hooligans found his demand funny. “You’re quite protective over your brother, kid. While we find such sentiment touching, money is far more important.”
With that, they exchanged glances and dropped the boys on the ground before encircling them.
The boys collapsed on the ground after falling onto it.
Archie was distressed when he noticed the hooligans had surrounded them.
It was my idea to sneak out to find Estella, and Benny merely tagged along. | have to bring Benny back home unharmed!
The thought gave him a surge of energy. He fumbled for a few pebbles on the ground and cast them in the direction of the hooligans next to Benny. 
###Chapter 1039
Chapter 1039
Chapter 1039 They Were Paid
A furious roar rang out next to his ear the next second, “D*mn it! This runt! How dare you fight back!” The hooligan covered his eyes in pain after taking Archie’s retaliation. He was enraged.
Hearing his angry roar, the rest immediately grew wary. Despite the hooligans being wary of their little tricks, Archie and Benny still dared to resist them.
The pebbles on the floor shot at the hooligans continuously. They were afraid of being hit in their eyes too, so they instinctively dodged the rocks aimed at them.
With that, there was an opening for the brothers. Archie reacted quickly and got up, stuffing some rocks into Benny’s hand before they slipped out through the opening between the hooligans.
Behind the brothers, the hooligans snapped back to their senses before sprinting after them. Archie ran ahead while also turning back to launch the rocks at the group of hooligans to slow them down.
Archie and Benny used all their might to continue running toward the crowded place ahead of them.
They finally arrived at a crowded plaza. The hooligans dared not chase after them in public, so they could only stand some distance away and watch as Archie and Benny slipped further into the crowd.
“Archie...” Benny could not catch his breath after running for so long. “Who are those people? Why did they do that to us?”
Archie frowned at that question as he recalled what the hooligans had said earlier. They were paid, but he could not think of anyone who would have paid them.
After pondering for a moment, Archie still could not find the answer. He shook his head at Benny and said, “We should hurry up and go back now since they might be waiting to intercept us somewhere else!”
Benny recalled the terrifying scene from earlier and nodded fervently with a lingering fear inside his heart.
Just like that, Archie and Benny walked hand in hand away from the crowd and left the plaza from another exit. They halted a cab and headed back to the mansion. The sky had already turned dark when they arrived home. Archie and Benny tiptoed inside the mansion.
Lysa was preparing dinner in the kitchen, and she murmured to herself, “They’ve been sleeping for the whole day. | wonder if they’re hungry. Maybe | should make more food for them than usual.”
Hearing that, Archie and Benny giggled and quickly ran up the stairs. Before they could go take a shower, they heard someone opening the main door downstairs. Then, Roxanne’s voice was heard immediately after. She asked Lysa about the kids.
Archie and Benny exchanged a glance and quickly hid under their blankets, covering themselves tightly and only showing their heads.
They injured their arms when they fell earlier, so they could not let Roxanne see that.
As soon as they lay in their beds, they heard someone walking up the stairs.
Not long after, someone pushed open the door to their bedroom from the outside.
Roxanne learned from Lysa that her sons had been sleeping for the whole day. She did not want to wake them up, so she quietly slipped inside their room to look at them.
“Mommy...”
Archie and Benny pretended to have just awakened as they rubbed their eyes in a daze.
Roxanne smiled at them. “How are you feeling? Do your heads still ache?”
They quickly shook their heads. “Not anymore!”
Hearing that, Roxanne was relieved and said, “| heard from Ms. Lane that you had been sleeping for the whole day and didn’t eat anything. You must be hungry, right? Come on. Let’s get you both downstairs for dinner.”
She wanted to get them out of their beds as she spoke.
Archie and Benny got reminded of the scrapes on their arms, so they refused to get out of their beds in front of Roxanne. “Mommy, we will head downstairs later!”
Roxanne frowned, but she did not think much about that. She only urged them by saying, “Hurry up then.” The kids nodded obediently in response.
Roxanne did not say anything else and headed downstairs. 
###Chapter 1040
Chapter 1040
Chapter 1040 Almost Crying
Not long after, Archie and Benny slowly ambled down the stairs. They did not want Roxanne to see their injured arms, so they deliberately changed into their pajamas with long sleeves.
Roxanne was waiting for them by the dining table. As Archie and Benny walked up to her, she suddenly felt something was amiss.
She stared at Benny for a long time. Then, she frowned and asked, “Benny, what happened to your hand?” A scrape on Benny’s hand appeared rather unsightly.
Hearing his mom’s question, Benny stiffened up. He followed Roxanne’s gaze and noticed the scrape on his palm. Upon seeing that wound, Benny immediately looked at Archie for help.
Archie knitted his brows tightly. He figured Benny must have injured his palm when the older kids pushed them earlier. Still, he did not expect the scrape on Benny's palm would be so eye-catching.
Roxanne quickly sensed that her kids were hiding something from her. “Ms. Lane told me you were asleep the whole day. Did you boys sneak out?” She knew her sons better than anyone else.
Aside from sneaking out, Roxanne could not think of any other explanation that could make her sons seem like they had stayed in their room and slept for the whole day.
Lysa stared at Archie and Benny in shock. “No way. Why did | not realize that they snuck out?”
She had been busy doing chores on the first floor the whole day, so she would definitely have noticed if Archie and Benny had snuck out of the mansion.
Hearing that, Archie and Benny lowered their heads in guilt, not daring to say anything. Taking in their reactions, Roxanne knew she must have guessed it right.
“Come here.”
With her expression darkened, she reached out a hand toward Archie and Benny.
They exchanged a look but still obediently walked over to her.
Roxanne rolled up their sleeves and saw the scratches on their arms.
Those scratches were much more severe than the scrape on Benny's palm.
She couldn't believe Archie and Benny would keep quiet when they were so badly injured. Looking at their scrapes and apologetic faces, Roxanne could not stop her eyes from turning red. “What happened to you boys? Why are you so badly injured?”
As she spoke, Roxanne rolled up their pants to check if they were injured elsewhere.
Sure enough, there were scrapes on Archie and Benny’s legs too, but those wounds were much lighter than the scrapes on their arms.
Archie did not want to worry his mom, so he said, “We accidentally fell.”
Benny nodded in agreement.
Hearing that, Roxanne changed her expression a little. “Where did you fall?”
They pondered for a long moment before saying guiltily, “We... We were climbing the wall at Essie’s place, and we accidentally fell from there.”
Roxanne helped them dress their wounds. When she heard their explanation, she paused. “I’m a doctor, and | know very well how you could have gotten these injuries. You can’t get such injuries from falling from a high place.”
Archie and Benny exchanged a guilty look after Roxanne exposed their lies so quickly. Still, they dared not tell her that some older kids almost beat them up.
They knew they had angered her enough for sneaking out to find Estella. If she found out some older kids almost beat them up, she would only be more worried about them. “Do you think | will not worry about you just because you refuse to tell me the truth?” Roxanne frowned and stared at them.
She had been protecting her sons since they were younger and had never let them suffer even the smallest of injuries, let alone severe ones like these.
Yet, her kids were injured this time without her knowing. Subconsciously, Archie and Benny raised their gazes at Roxanne.
They noticed Roxanne’s eyes had turned terrifyingly red, as though she was on the verge of breaking down in tears. 
###Chapter 1041
Chapter 1041
Chapter 1041 Too Late
“Mommy...” The kids leaned on Roxanne’s knee anxiously as they said, “We’re fine, Mommy! Don’t worry about us.” Roxanne’s expression darkened as she examined the wounds on their arms.
“| know you're all missing Essie, and | don’t blame you. But take a look at your injuries! Why did you lie to me?” She could tell that the injuries weren’t the result of a simple fall. Furthermore, it was unlikely for both kids to fall at the same time.
Noticing their mother on the verge of tears, Benny glanced at Archie guiltily and muttered in a low voice, “We bumped into a few older kids along the way, and they chased after us.”
He then explained further, “Thank goodness Archie was there to defend me, and we were able to return home!”
Seeing that Benny finally told the truth, Archie decided to shoulder the blame himself. “If anyone is to blame for this, it’s me, Mommy. | was the one who wanted to bring Benny out.”
Roxanne’s gaze darkened. “Why would they chase after you? Were they trying to rob you?”
Just when Archie was about to speak, Benny blurted out, “No. Archie wanted to give them some money, but they declined. They even claimed to have already received their payment...”
Upon hearing those words, Archie quickly shot Benny a look that made the latter shut his mouth meekly. “| suppose it was just an accident.” Archie added nonchalantly, “Maybe they mistook us for someone else. We didn’t know them at all.”
Still, Roxanne had already thought of something. Forcing a smile at the boys, she said, “Okay. Come here and let me bandage your wounds. After that, I'll take you both out to dinner.”
Archie and Benny dared not to say anything further as they let Roxanne dress their wounds.
After she was done, Roxanne reminded the kids to be careful with the injuries before heading upstairs to call Lucian. Meanwhile, in the Farwell residence, Lucian felt exasperated as he watched Estella, who was having another autistic episode. In front of him, Sonya patiently held Estella in her arms as she tried to coax her to speak by offering her snacks and toys. Nonetheless, Estella didn’t even bother looking at them. She simply lowered her head and fiddled with her fingers.
“Essie, are you happy that you're attending a new school next week?” Sonya asked, grinning widely at Estella.
Estella had a reaction right after her new school was mentioned. She merely pouted in reluctance.
Lucian frowned, wanting to persuade his mother. “Since Essie isn’t willing to attend school, let’s just homeschool her instead.”
Sonya shot him a glare and said, “I have already found a good school for Essie. If she continues to behave like this, she will need to interact with people more often.”
With that, she continued playing with Estella, who was still in her embrace.
Sonya was not discouraged at all despite Estella ignoring her. She was content as long as Estella was away from Roxanne, Archie, and Benny. Lucian was about to say something further when the phone on the table suddenly rang.
After seeing the caller ID on the phone, his eyebrows furrowed. Immediately, he grabbed the phone before Sonya could notice the name.
“Let me take this call outside.” Sonya gave him a dubious look as she watched him leave the room. | wonder who’s calling him. Why is he acting so mysterious?
As he stood in the courtyard after emerging from the mansion, Lucian frowned heavily while he stared at the phone, which was still vibrating in his hand.
The only reason she’s calling at this hour is to check on Essie’s condition. At that thought, Lucian’s lips curled into a wry smile.
Isn't it a bit too late for her to be concerned about Essie now? 
###Chapter 1042
Chapter 1042
Chapter 1042 | Should Not Be Asking This
Roxanne waited for quite a long time, but no one answered the phone. After that, the call was disconnected. If it were in the past, she would never try calling back.
But this time, since it was about Archie and Benny, she had no choice but to make the call again. It took Roxanne several tries before the other end finally answered the call.
“What is it, Ms. Jarvis?” Lucian’s voice was extremely cold and hostile, a far cry from his usual tone of speech. Roxanne couldn't help but freeze for a brief moment before she remembered the purpose of her phone call.
“Mr. Farwell, why do you always involve the children in matters between us adults?” With a cold voice, she uttered, “Even though you forced Essie to transfer to another school without considering her condition, | don’t have anything to say about that since she is your daughter. But how can you be so narrow-minded that you would reject Archie and Benny’s visit?”
Lucian raised his brows when he heard Roxanne’s words.
Initially, he thought the reason she called him was to ask about Estella’s condition.
It hadn’t occurred to him that she would call to confront him.
In truth, Lucian had expected both Archie and Benny would come looking for Estella. Still, he never thought they would come so early to see her.
Realizing that, Lucian’s gaze was filled with mockery. “You've used Archie and Benny before, so there’s no guarantee you won't do it again. I’m just taking precautions, that’s all. Is there a problem with that?”
Roxanne was at a loss for words. She knew Lucian was referring to the previous incident in which Archie and Benny had gone looking for Estella without her knowledge.
Despite the fact that the incident had not been resolved, Roxanne had no intention of explaining any further.
“Even if that’s the case, it’s fine if you won't let them inside. However, you should have made sure the kids were safe and sound outside your house, Mr. Farwell.”
Upon hearing her words, Lucian’s expression darkened instantly. “What do you mean?”
Roxanne’s voice was brimming with rage. “Archie and Benny were both injured when they got back from your place. They told me they were chased by a few juveniles. Do you need me to notify the police since the area around your house is terribly unsafe?”
Roxanne could only think of one person who would pay the juveniles to hurt Archie and Benny, and that person was Aubree. As she recalled the scene she saw that night, Roxanne had already associated Lucian and Aubree together.
Since this was Aubree’s doing, Lucian may have been involved as well!
On the other hand, Lucian knew nothing about Archie and Benny going to the manor that morning, let alone know about the boys’ dreadful encounter.
Despite the fact that he had already planned to comply with Roxanne’s request and cut off contact with them, Archie and Benny had actually grown attached to him. Deep down, Lucian was also fond of them as well.
When he learned that the boys were hurt, Lucian was very much displeased. “Who did that to them?”
What kind of person would dare to harm Archie and Benny in broad daylight? And they even had the audacity to do it near my manor!
Yet, Roxanne questioned him instead, “Shouldn't | be asking you this question, Mr. Farwell?” Hearing that, Lucian suddenly realized that the true reason for Roxanne’s phone call was actually about this matter. At the end of the day, both Archie and Benny’s injuries happened near his residence.
With that thought in mind, Lucian’s tone softened gradually. “Honestly, | just found out about this. Don’t worry about it. Since this incident happened on my turf, | will seek justice on behalf of Archie and Benny. | promise | shall get to the bottom of this matter.”
Before she could regain her senses and organize her thoughts, Roxanne had already blurted out, “I hope you are a man of your word, Mr. Farwell. No matter who is the mastermind behind the attack, you should provide an explanation for the boys. After
all... 
###Chapter 1043
Chapter 1043 Safety Not Guaranteed
Lucian furrowed his brows slightly as he sensed what Roxanne would say next would be crucial. However, Roxanne fell silent for a long while. In the end, she ended the conversation abruptly. “I'll be waiting to hear from you then, Mr. Farwell.”
Roxanne's frustration lingered long after she hung up the phone. She felt a knot tightening in her chest, knowing that every interaction with Lucian seemed to be a battle. But her thoughts quickly returned to Archie and Benny. She had to ensure their safety above all else.
As she paced her living room, her mind raced with various thoughts. She considered calling the police herself but decided against it for the moment. Lucian had promised to investigate, and she wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt, even if it was just this once.
Meanwhile, Lucian sat back in his chair, his mind occupied with the latest revelation. He couldn't shake off the unsettling feeling that someone was targeting the children. Despite his strained relationship with Roxanne, he couldn't ignore the fact that Archie and Benny were innocent kids who didn't deserve to be caught in the crossfire.
The following day, Lucian began his investigation. He called his trusted security team and tasked them with looking into the incident. They were to gather any available surveillance footage from around his manor and interview witnesses who might have seen something.
Hours turned into days, and Lucian's frustration grew as leads seemed to go cold. His team reported that the area around the manor had limited surveillance, and the juveniles who had chased Archie and Benny were proving difficult to identify.
At the same time, Roxanne received a call from the school informing her that Archie and Benny were having a hard time concentrating in class. The boys were clearly shaken by the incident, and it pained Roxanne to see them so affected. She knew she had to do something to reassure them, to make them feel safe again.
In an attempt to distract them and lift their spirits, Roxanne planned a small weekend getaway. She took the boys to a nearby beach, hoping the change of scenery and fresh air would help them relax. As they built sandcastles and played in the waves, Roxanne couldn't help but worry about the looming threat and how it might disrupt their fragile peace.
Back in the city, Lucian's persistence finally paid off. His team managed to identify one of the juveniles involved. The boy, pressured by the presence of Lucian's intimidating security personnel, revealed that he and his friends had been paid to harass the kids by a woman fitting Aubree's description.
Furious, Lucian decided to confront Aubree directly. He found her at a high-end café, sipping on her usual latte. When he approached her table, his presence cast a shadow over her. She looked up, feigning surprise and innocence.
"Lucian, what a pleasant surprise! What brings you here?" she asked with a saccharine smile.
Without sitting down, Lucian cut straight to the point. "I know what you did, Aubree. I know you hired those boys to scare Archie and Benny."
Aubree's smile faltered for a moment, but she quickly regained her composure. "I don't know what you're talking about. Why would I do such a thing?"
"Don't play games with me, Aubree," Lucian's voice was ice-cold. "I've got evidence and a witness ready to testify. If you don't come clean, I'll make sure the police get involved."
Seeing that she was cornered, Aubree dropped the act. "Fine, I did it. But it was just to teach them a lesson, Lucian. They need to stay away from you and Essie."
Lucian's expression hardened. "This ends now. If you ever try to harm those boys again, I will make sure you face the consequences. And don't think for a second that this will go unnoticed."
With that, Lucian turned and left, leaving Aubree seething with rage.
Lucian immediately called Roxanne to inform her of the developments. "Roxanne, I've confronted Aubree. She admitted to everything. I've warned her to stay away from Archie and Benny."
Roxanne felt a mixture of relief and apprehension. While she was glad Lucian had taken action, she knew this might not be the end of their troubles. "Thank you, Lucian. I appreciate it."
"Don't thank me yet. I still need to ensure their safety. I'll be increasing security around your house and the school. We can't take any chances."
Roxanne nodded, even though he couldn't see her. "Agreed. Let's keep the boys safe."
As she hung up the phone, Roxanne felt a renewed sense of determination. She wouldn't let fear control their lives. With Lucian's help, she would make sure Archie and Benny could go back to being carefree children again, no matter what it took.
###Chapter 1044
Chapter 1044
Chapter 1044 In Need Of Evidence
Lucian ordered in a cold voice, “You guys have one day to find out what happened and who dared to mess around near the Farwell residence!”
After hearing that, Axel agreed without hesitation and immediately led people to patrol nearby the residence.
The few hooligans who took money from Aubree received an order from her to stay around the area for the next few days to keep an eye out for the two children.
Aubree felt they would come again since they didn’t see Estella when they came the last time. As long as they dared to come, they wouldn't be able to escape easily as they did.
The next morning, the security team of the Farwell residence surrounded the hooligans. “Please, we didn’t do anything!” The hooligans quickly squatted down while shielding their heads as they sensed the other party was not to be trifled with.
Axel looked at them coldly. “Did you people chase after two children yesterday?” They exchanged glances with each other, not daring to respond first.
These men in black attire were clearly after the people who harmed the children. The hooligans knew if they admitted they were the ones who attacked the children, they might not be able to leave safely.
“Didn’t you hear me?” Axel kicked one of them in displeasure. He didn’t use all his strength, but it was enough to intimidate them.
“Till talk!” the hooligan who got kicked immediately cried out as he shut his eyes. Then, he continued, “S-Someone paid us to do this! Otherwise, we would never have dared! Those two children looked like children from rich families. If someone hadn't paid us, we wouldn’t dare to provoke them!”
After coming clean, he inched back into the group. “Sir, I've revealed everything. Please don’t give me a hard time...” Axel frowned as he heard that and probed coldly, “Do you know the person who paid you? What does he look like?”
The hooligans shook their heads fervently and answered, “It’s a lady, but she covered herself fully. We couldn’t see her face at all.”
Looking at the tall man in black in front of them, the hooligans felt miserable.
They realized they should have noticed earlier that things wouldn’t be as simple since the woman covered herself so cautiously. The hooligans thought they got lucky and didn’t expect to get into huge trouble.
Axel looked at the hooligans with a scrutinizing gaze and saw them trembling in fear.
It was clear they wouldn’t dare to lie.
After confirming the information, Axel gave a gesture to his subordinates.
Shortly after, the hooligans got surrounded by the team and started to wail in pain.
Axel stopped the team after some time and warned coldly, “This is a lesson for you all. Stay away from this area in the future!”
The hooligans were wounded differently, and when they heard what Axel said, they nodded while covering their wounds.
After Axel watched them leave, he led the team back to the manor and reported to Lucian. Lucian had been staying at the manor for the past two days.
He was working in the study when Axel returned.
The look in Lucian’s eyes darkened when he heard Axel.
So, they were following someone else’s order. Who could it be? Who dares to do such a thing on my turf? According to the hooligans, they were hired by a woman who covered herself completely.
Aconjecture flashed across Lucian’s mind, but he forcibly suppressed it. “Carry on with the investigation,” Lucian instructed coldly.
Although he had a guess in mind, he needed concrete evidence.
Axel assented without hesitation and turned to leave.
Meanwhile, Lucian frowned as he picked up his phone.
It was natural for him to inform Roxanne since there was progress in the investigation. 
###Chapter 1045
Chapter 1045
Chapter 1045 The Answer Is Clear
Roxanne was changing Archie and Benny's dressing when her phone suddenly rang. When the boys saw the caller ID on the screen, their eyes lit up.
In contrast, Roxanne’s eyes dimmed. The only matter she had with Lucian at the moment was the matter of the boys’ injuries.
If nothing else had happened, Lucian had to be calling because he found something regarding the incident. | wonder if he has found out who the culprit is yet.
“Mommy,” Benny urged. “Mr. Farwell is calling!” Roxanne came back to her senses and smiled at the boys. “Mhm. I’m going upstairs to take the call. Be careful of your wounds, okay?”
The boys were disappointed to hear that Roxanne was not going to take the call while they were in hearing range. Nevertheless, Roxanne did not notice their looks of disappointment as she went upstairs and into the study.
“lve looked into the matter, and indeed, someone bribed them. However, | still haven’t found who that someone is,” Lucian said just as Roxanne picked up the call.
Roxanne turned grim upon hearing that. “Have you not found out who it is, or do you not want to tell me the identity of the culprit?”
She guessed that it was Aubree, and she did not believe that Lucian would not be able to find a single clue pointing toward Aubree’s involvement after such a long time of investigating.
Lucian frowned. “What do you mean, Ms. Jarvis? | told you that I'd look into this properly for Archie and Benny. If | had found out who was behind this, why would | hide the identity of the person from you?”
Roxanne sneered. “What if that person is Aubree Pearson, your fiancée? There’s nothing | can do if you want to cover up for
her. Lucian froze.
In a mocking tone, Roxanne went on, “Mr. Farwell, are you saying that you still have no leads on who drugged the kids the other time?”
At that, Lucian’s expression darkened.
Even if Roxanne did not say anything outright, he could guess that Roxanne was telling him Aubree was the one who drugged the kids.
However, his men had been keeping a close eye on Cory the entire time, and they had not seen Cory contacting Aubree. Still, Lucian did not think that Roxanne was accusing anyone; he just wanted concrete evidence for her words.
“Didn't you always want to know the result of my investigation? I'll tell you now, then. | found out that a researcher who used to work at the Pearson family’s research institute stole a batch of bacteria from another institute and is now missing,” Roxanne uttered coldly. “Is that evidence enough for me to feel suspicious about Aubree’s involvement?”
Lucian knew little about the bacteria, let alone the fact that Roxanne had already found many clues pointing toward Aubree’s involvement.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this?” he questioned her.
Achuckle came from Roxanne. “Is there a point for me to tell you about it? How am | going to make sure that you won't cover up for your fiancée like this time?”
Frankly, this was something she did not want to voice to him, but Aubree had been hurting her children again and again. Therefore, Roxanne no longer cared about trying to keep things civil between them.
After a period of silence, Lucian slowly said in an indifferent tone, “We need solid evidence to prove that Aubree’s behind this. Your words aren’t enough.”
Right as those words left his mouth, a dead silence took over the conversation. For a long while, Roxanne did not reply to him.
In the end, she laughed, but it was a sound tinged with resignation. “In that case, then | really do not have any solid proof. There isn't anything | can do if you think that I’m just slandering her, Mr. Farwell.”
With that, she barked out another self-deprecating chuckle before ending the call. She thought that the answer would be clear to Lucian after telling him about the clue she found. Who would have known that Lucian would be that defensive of Aubree?
How was she ever going to find concrete evidence with the power she had? 
###Chapter 1046
Chapter 1046
Chapter 1046 Know Your Limits
Frieda soon conveyed Aubree’s message to Cory. Initially, Aubree thought that the deal could be done via the internet. After all, Lucian’s men were still monitoring Cory.
However, when the day of the transaction came, Aubree found herself ill at ease. If she did not watch him with her own two eyes, how was she going to make sure that Cory really deleted the photos?
With that thought in mind, Aubree paused in her motions and uttered to Frieda, “Tell Cory that I’m going to watch him delete those photos myself.” Frieda stiffened. “But we might get exposed for this...”
Tamping down the feelings of displeasure in her heart, Aubree said with as much patience as she could summon, “If | don’t do this, who knows if Cory’s going to lie to us?”
Frieda did not agree with Aubree, but she still told Cory about Aubree’s intention. Naturally, Cory was not interested in meeting Aubree in person.
Nevertheless, ten million was too great of a temptation for him to resist. After a moment of contemplation, Cory sent an address to Frieda. That was where they were going to meet.
Frieda agreed to it. The next morning, Frieda drove Aubree to the location. The place was at an unfinished building, which was also the place Cory had prepared for himself to go into hiding.
He never thought he would end up using it for this. When the two women arrived, Cory was already waiting in the unfinished building.
“Hand me the money, and I’ll delete the photos,” Cory said as he lazily waved the camera at them when he saw the two women. That must be the camera he used to take pictures of me!
Aubree gritted her teeth and hissed, “I'll transfer half first. Once you delete the photos, I'll transfer the other half.” Cory readily agreed to it before gesturing for her to transfer the first half.
As a private investigator, Cory was a well-prepared man. He had even prepared an account for Aubree to transfer the money to. In no time, Aubree transferred five million to him. Then, Cory deleted the photos while she watched him.
After that, he showed her the camera to let her make sure that no photos were left.
It was only then Aubree transferred the other five million to him resentfully.
“| never thought you’d be someone like this!”
Cory raised a brow at that. “Of course, people like us who are in illegal dealings have to keep an ace up our sleeves. What are we going to do if our client runs off without paying?”
Aubree growled out, “You'd better have deleted everything, or else I’m never going to let you off the hook!”
“Don't worry. I’m a man of my word as long as you pay up.” Cory curled his lips. “Also, thanks to you, we’re now in the same boat. I’m not that stupid to pull a dumb move like that.”
He was speaking the truth.
If not for Aubree’s cruelty in laying a finger on the three children while spying on Roxanne, Lucian would not have tracked Cory down.
They were now in the same hot water.
If Lucian found any concrete proof against one of them, the other would not be able to escape unscathed. The realization of that only irked Aubree even more.
After all, why would she want to work with someone who might stab her in the back at any time?
Still, she had to cooperate with Cory.
As Cory walked past them to leave, he reminded Aubree, “As long as you know your limits and do not enrage Mr. Farwell again, you might be able to keep what happened a secret. But if you...”
###Chapter 1047
Chapter 1047
Chapter 1047 Was She Good
On Monday, Sonya sent Estella to the new kindergarten herself. The new kindergarten was not far more luxurious than the old one. The only difference between them was the different teachers and classmates.
In spite of that, Sonya was delighted with her arrangement. My granddaughter is finally away from Roxanne’s kids! She'll still be able to make new friends here, anyway.
Sonya was so preoccupied with thinking about Estella’s future that she completely neglected Estella’s feelings. After handing the girl off to the teacher, Sonya turned and left.
The teacher drew her brows together as she looked at the tear-stricken face of Estella. The children who were admitted into the kindergarten were either from rich families or powerful families, so they had to be carefully handled.
Their parents were even more troublesome to deal with than them. If those parents were to find out that their children had cried at kindergarten, she might be fired from her job the next day.
With that thought in mind, the teacher quickly crouched down to console the girl. “Be good, Essie. The kids are waiting for you in the classroom. You're such a pretty girl; I’m sure everyone will like you!”
It was only when the teacher was talking to Estella did she realize the girl had delicate features and was a silent crier. Hence, her crying did not frustrate anyone—it only made others feel bad for her.
The teacher’s words did not reach Estella at all. Estella just kept crying with her head hung low.
The teacher was stumped. The only thing she could do was lead the girl into the classroom and introduce her to the other children.
As Estella looked sweet and cute, some of the other children soon gathered around her to console her. Yet, Estella ignored them all, wringing her hands as she continued to sob.
Anxious, one of the children hurriedly grabbed her hand, hoping for Estella to stop ignoring them. However, the touch startled Estella. As she moved away from the child, she screamed.
“What's the matter?” the teacher cried out, swiftly approaching the crowd to find out what happened.
Even the children were stunned by Estella’s response. Once they came back to their senses, they began treating her ina completely different manner.
“She's so strange!”
The children started thinking of Estella as a weirdo. Not only was Estella ignoring them, but she was even screaming non-stop. At that, the teacher frowned as certain thoughts made themselves known in her mind.
This girl... doesn’t seem normal.
A headache formed in the teacher’s head when she realized that. In the end, she asked the other children to return to their seats as she tried to console Estella herself.
Unfortunately, Estella was unresponsive to anything she said.
Luckily, Estella had stopped screaming; she was now only ignoring everyone.
The teacher gave up, thinking, This is fine as long as she doesn’t disrupt the other kids.
Estella barely participated in any group activities that day.
Even during break times, she continued to sit on her chair in silence.
The teacher started to panic but did not know what to do.
When classes were over, Sonya came to pick Estella up. At the same time, she asked the teacher, “How was Essie? Was she a good kid today?”
The teacher pursed her lips.
She figured that Estella had some kind of psychiatric disorder, but she did not dare to say it to Sonya, a woman from a rich and powerful family.
Hence, she said in as much of an indirect manner as she could, “I... don’t think Essie can adapt to the new environment. She’s quite rejecting of the kids.”
Sonya patted Estella’s head, unfazed. “Didn’t | tell you that you should make more friends? Why are you ignoring them?” 
###Chapter 1048
Chapter 1048
Chapter 1048 | Will Hit You
The teacher glanced at Estella before turning to Sonya. She then rephrased her sentence. “It’s not that Essie is ignoring the other kids; it’s that she screams when they come close to her.”
Then, as if life was trying to prove the teacher’s words, Sonya noticed a few children who were getting picked up by their parents whispering as they looked in Estella’s direction. Along with the teacher’s words, Sonya could guess what those children were whispering about.
“Our Essie takes a while to warm up to strangers. It’s her first day here, after all. | hope the teachers will be more patient with her,” Sonya said, maintaining her polite demeanor. “Essie will be a good kid once she’s used to them.”
Then, Sonya lowered her head to look at Estella and asked, “Right, Essie?” Estella pressed her lips tightly together as she continued to hang her head. It was as if she did not hear Sonya.
Sonya furrowed her brows and crouched down patiently. “I’m talking to you, Essie.” The girl blinked before looking away from Sonya.
“| think it’s best for Essie to return to her previous school. The girl will feel safer with people she knows around her,” the teacher suggested.
The mention of Estella’s original school reminded Sonya of Roxanne and her two boys.
Estella was her granddaughter. Yet, the girl seemed close to Roxanne and her boys while being exceptionally distant from her, her own grandmother. In what way am | not treating her well?
With those thoughts in her mind, Sonya turned furious. She had to get Estella to say something to her. “Do you want to go back to your old school?” Sonya questioned with an icy look on her face.
Estella pursed her lips. Right as she was about to nod her head, Sonya continued speaking.
“| put a lot of effort into finding a new kindergarten for you. Can you bear to let me down? The kids here like you too. As long as you can accept them, you'll surely be good friends with them,” Sonya said, completely ignoring the fact that she had given Estella hope before cruelly crushing it.
Tears soon sprang into Estella’s eyes. Sonya froze. In the next second, Estella’s tears fell uncontrollably, and she began bawling in front of the kindergarten.
“Ah...” Out of habit, the teacher stepped forward, about to comfort the girl. However, Sonya pulled Estella over to herself and uttered, “Stop crying!”
Estella bawled even louder. She had been living with Lucian all this while. Although Sonya knew about her condition, she had never seen Estella in a meltdown. Her temples throbbed even harder at the sight of the girl’s crying, and she became extremely frustrated. “Stop crying!” she yelled
by the girl’s ear. Startled, Estella paused for a few seconds.
She resumed crying a moment later. The teacher panicked, but she did not dare to take a step closer to the girl and her grandmother.
When Sonya realized that threatening Estella worked, she lifted her hand as if she was going to hit her in the next instant. “If you keep crying, I'll beat you!”
Frightened out of her wits, Estella hiccupped and started crying in silence instead.
Sonya had no idea that the girl was frightened. Instead, she thought that her method worked, and she stood back up in satisfaction.
The teacher's heart ached after she saw how Sonya treated her. “I'll talk to her when we get home. I’m sure she'll be more cooperative tomorrow.”
With that, Sonya lifted Estella into her arms and turned to leave. 
###Chapter 1049
Chapter 1049
Chapter 1049 Lesser Interactions
Estella silently sobbed the entire ride back to the Farwell main residence. Meanwhile, Sonya managed to calm herself down. Her heart ached when she saw Estella crying her eyes out.
“| wasn’t really angry with you. | was just scaring you. Don’t cry.” Naturally, Estella was unconvinced. She pursed her lips as fat tears continued to roll down her cheeks.
Sonya had no choice but to try and coax her. However, not only did it not help, Estella’s eyes were now swollen from how much she had cried.
As Lucian was worried about Estella, he came over to check on her after finishing work for the day. “Why is she crying so much?” He frowned when he saw how swollen Estella’s eyes were.
Sonya couldn't help but feel guilty. “It's because she’s not used to the new environment yet. After all, it’s only been a day. She'll be fine after a while.” Hearing that, Lucian glanced at Estella suspiciously.
| was the one who sent Essie to kindergarten back then. Because of her autism, she does not know what the outside world is like. Even if she finds herself in an unfamiliar environment, she will hide away in a corner to avoid any interaction. When did she ever cry this hard?
However, as Estella refused to speak, there was no way for Lucian to discover the truth. “Since she isn’t used to it, she doesn’t have to go anymore. I'll take her home and find a tutor to homeschool her.”
With that, he held out a hand to Estella. Although Estella was still angry with him, her dislike for Sonya was currently even stronger. She immediately hugged her daddy’s arm, tears streaming down her face.
When Lucian saw her reaction, he knew that his conjecture was right. My mother must have made her cry somehow.
Regardless, Sonya stubbornly refused to admit it. “Essie had been recovering well before, but Roxanne had to ruin it! If it weren’t for her, Essie’s condition wouldn't keep relapsing.”
She only knew Estella was now able to speak and was unaware that it was all thanks to Roxanne, Archie, and Benny. Meanwhile, Lucian was fully aware of it. If it were not for her, Estella would probably still refuse to speak.
When he heard Sonya’s words, he frowned deeply and retorted, “You said yourself that it was because of a change in environment. It has been a long time since Essie has had any contact with them, so what does this have to do with them?”
Sonya instantly got upset. “Are you taking her side?” Lucian had already recomposed himself and looked at her with a casual expression. “I was just telling the truth.”
Then, he directed his attention to Estella, who was lying in his arms. After getting away from Sonya, Estella slowly stopped sobbing and relaxed leisurely against her father’s shoulder.
“| gave it some thought and concluded that it won’t be beneficial for Essie to stay at the Farwell main residence in her current condition. You and Dad don’t have any experience in taking care of her. I’d be a lot more at ease if | did it myself,” Lucian said in a low voice.
When Sonya heard that, her expression twisted, and she looked at him suspiciously. “What are you planning? Are you going to let Essie meet Roxanne again?”
“No,” Lucian replied as a frown formed on his face.
Since Roxanne had already given up, her interactions with Estella would become lesser.
He couldn't allow Estella to continue relying on her.
Nonetheless, Sonya didn’t really believe him and still insisted on making Estella stay. “Yes, we don’t have experience, but we can hire a psychologist to look after her.”
“James is the only psychologist Essie has been seeing and trusts. He also has his own responsibilities to deal with,” Lucian retorted right away.
In other words, he was turning down Sonya’s suggestions yet again. Sonya still wanted to try and convince him, but Lucian had already turned away and left with Estella.
“It's getting late, so you should get some rest. It’s time for Estella to go to sleep too.” 
###Chapter 1050
Chapter 1050 Just A Look
With that, Lucian strode out of the Farwell main residence with Estella in his arms. Sonya was fuming as she watched her son take Estella away just like that, but there was nothing she could do about it.
As Lucian drove home, he glanced at the rearview mirror, where Estella sat quietly in her car seat. Her eyes were still red and swollen from crying, and she clung tightly to her stuffed animal. Lucian's heart ached seeing her like this, and he resolved to make things right.
When they arrived home, Lucian carried Estella inside and gently set her down on the couch. He crouched down to her eye level, his expression softening. "Essie, I want you to know that you're safe here. You don't have to go back to Grandma's if you don't want to."
Estella nodded slowly, her small hands gripping the stuffed animal even tighter. "I don't want to go back, Daddy," she whispered.
Lucian's heart broke a little more at her words. He pulled her into a gentle hug. "You won't have to, sweetheart. I'll make sure of it."
Over the next few days, Lucian arranged for a tutor to come and teach Estella at home. He also made sure that James, the trusted psychologist, was available for regular sessions. Gradually, Estella began to settle into her new routine, though she still had moments where she would retreat into herself.
One evening, as Lucian was working late in his study, he heard a soft knock on the door. "Come in," he called out, looking up from his papers.
The door opened slowly, and Estella peeked her head in. "Daddy, can I stay with you for a while?"
Lucian smiled warmly and gestured for her to come in. "Of course, Essie. Come here."
She walked over to him, clutching her stuffed animal, and climbed onto his lap. Lucian wrapped his arms around her, feeling the weight of her small body against his. They sat like that for a while, neither of them speaking, just taking comfort in each other's presence.
"Daddy, do you think Mommy will ever come back?" Estella's voice was barely above a whisper, and Lucian could hear the hope and fear intertwined in her question.
He sighed, knowing that he couldn't give her the answer she wanted. "I don't know, Essie. But no matter what happens, I'll always be here for you. I promise."
Estella nodded, seeming to accept his answer for now. She nestled deeper into his arms, and Lucian felt a sense of peace wash over him. He knew that the road ahead wouldn't be easy, but as long as he had Estella by his side, he was ready to face whatever challenges came their way.
As days turned into weeks, Estella's condition slowly improved. She started to open up more during her sessions with James, and her tutor reported that she was making good progress with her studies. Lucian made sure to spend as much time as possible with her, doing everything he could to make her feel loved and secure.
One afternoon, as they were playing in the garden, Estella looked up at him with a shy smile. "Daddy, thank you for taking care of me."
Lucian felt a lump form in his throat, and he pulled her into a tight hug. "You're my little girl, Essie. I'll always take care of you."
In that moment, Lucian realized just how much his daughter had come to mean to him. She was his world, and he would do anything to protect her and make her happy. As he held her close, he made a silent vow to never let anything or anyone come between them again.
###Chapter 1051
Chapter 1051
Chapter 1051 Be Good
“Archie! Benny!” Estella finally broke into a smile. Archie and Benny were also excited to be reunited with Estella. The children sat together and observed each other as though it was their first meeting.
Awhile later, Archie frowned and asked, “Didn’t Mr. Farwell take good care of you? You seemed to have lost some weight.” Estella’s cheeks were obviously not as chubby as before.
Upon hearing that, Estella gave her own cheeks a pinch and smiled adorably. She tilted her head in contemplation before responding with a slight whisper, “I guess it’s because | was in low spirits.”
The boys stared at her anxiously. “Did Mr. Farwell bully you?” Estella’s mood had improved considerably when the boys appeared, and she found herself unable to contain her joyful grin.
She stuck her tongue out mischievously. “It’s because | didn’t get to see Ms. Jarvis and you both.” Daddy made me angry, so he dared not upset me further!
Archie and Benny relaxed at her answer. Benny couldn’t resist asking in concern, “Ms. Ward told us Mr. Farwell wants to transfer you to another school. Is that true?”
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Estella gave a slight nod, followed by a shake of her head. “Yes, I’ve been transferred to a new school, but | only stayed there for one day.”
The boys were confused.
Estella puffed her cheeks and added, “I don’t like that school. | want to be with you both.”
Archie and Benny couldn't bear to see her disappointment, so they quickly comforted her, “We want to be with you, too!” Benny raised his arm in a rush to console her, only for his sleeves to roll down and expose the wound on his arm.
Estella immediately spotted the scar. She frowned in concern and demanded, “What is this? What happened?”
Benny flashed a guilty smile. “I fell down accidentally. Mommy has already tended to it.”
He slowly rolled down his sleeve and put his hand back down.
Estella pouted unhappily when she heard him mention Roxanne.
It has been a long time since | last saw Ms. Jarvis.
Benny belatedly realized he had said the wrong thing and cast a look in Archie's direction, silently asking him for help. Archie had no idea how to salvage the situation.
Roxanne didn’t want to see Estella, and no amount of persuasion would make her change her mind.
When the boys were racking their brains to figure out a way to change the topic, Estella suddenly perked up. “Why don’t you take me with you?” she suggested.
Before Archie and Benny realized what she meant, she inched nearer to them and tugged at their sleeves, pleading, “Could | please come with you to your house so | can meet Ms. Jarvis?”
The boys couldn't bring themselves to say no as she was staring at them imploringly.
They agreed readily. “Sure. However, you must be obedient!”
Estella bobbed her head obediently.
After the three kids played in the room for some time, Estella glanced at the clock and urged, “Let's go. Daddy is going to come back anytime soon!”
Hearing that, Archie and Benny got to their feet hastily.
It would be hard for them to bring Estella with them once Lucian came home. The kids sneaked out of Estella’s room quietly.
Benny was the first to head downstairs to divert Catalina’s attention.
“Ms. Catalina, I'd like some water.” He gazed at Catalina and blinked innocently.
Catalina felt her heart melt, and she quickly turned around to pour him a cup of water without hesitation. 
###Chapter 1052
Chapter 1052
Chapter 1052 Below Minimum Temperature
Archie took the chance to sprint out of the mansion with Estella in tow. They then hid in a corner and waited for Benny to leave. Inside the mansion, Catalina had just poured a cup of water for Benny and assumed he was about to go upstairs.
To her surprise, Benny gave her a polite bow. “Thank you, Ms. Catalina. | shall take my leave now.” Catalina frowned in puzzlement. “What about Archie?” They both came together, so she couldn’t understand why they would leave separately.
Benny pursed his lips guiltily. “Archie left a while ago. He and | snuck in here without telling Mommy, and we were busted. She’s probably giving him an earful right now.”
Catalina nodded understandingly. She found their antics amusing. | can’t believe they came this far just to visit a friend. Ms. Jarvis must be beside herself with worry.
She suddenly recalled what happened previously and offered, “I'll ask someone to give you a ride home.” Benny waved his hands anxiously. “N-No need for that. My mommy is waiting for me outside,” he stammered out a lie.
Catalina didn’t ponder over his words and nodded. “Be careful.” Benny bobbed his head obediently and trotted out of the mansion. Once he was outside, he quickly ran toward Archie and Estella.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen Archie waved at them. “Let’s go!” The other two agreed and trailed dutifully behind him.
After they exited the manor, Archie and Benny were especially vigilant. They had Estella with them, so it would be bad for them to encounter the older children they previously met.
Fortunately, they didn’t come across those kids throughout their journey and successfully arrived at the junction.
After finishing her tasks, Catalina belatedly remembered that she had forgotten to invite the boys to stay for lunch. She assumed they had arrived home by now.
Without thinking much, she went upstairs to get Estella. However, there was no response even after she knocked on the door for some time.
“Ms. Estella? Can | come in now?” Catalina asked worriedly. She carefully pushed the door open to realize that the room was empty. There was no one in sight.
Catalina’s heart sank to the bottom of her stomach. “Ms. Estella?” she raised her voice.
She searched the room frantically but to no avail. Just as she was about to call the bodyguards to search the surroundings downstairs, an idea dawned on her.
Benny’s actions seemed weird. Did Ms. Estella leave with them both? The thought of that possibility startled Catalina.
| let Mr. Farwell down by failing to look after Ms. Estella when he entrusted her to me this morning before leaving for work. She managed to slip away while | was on duty.
Feeling both guilty and remorseful, Catalina instantly contacted Lucian. Meanwhile, Lucian was listening to Cayden reporting the work progress in his office.
When he received Catalina’s call, he assumed Estella was throwing a tantrum again.
“Mr. Farwell, Ms. Estella left with Archie and Benny,” Catalina told him apologetically. Ascowl appeared on Lucian’s face when he learned about that.
Cayden became aware that the temperature in the office had dropped below the minimum. He regarded his employer’s expression warily. | wonder what happened to Ms. Estella. Awhile later, he sensed the temperature rising back to normal.
Lucian said, “Got it. I'll pick her up there later.” His voice was deep as usual.
With that, he ended the call.
Cayden was confused as he had no idea what just happened.
Why did Mr. Farwell’s mood fluctuate? 
###Chapter 1053
Chapter 1053
Chapter 1053 Heart Softened
Mere moments after Catalina hung up, Sonya arrived at the Farwell residence. “Mrs. Farwell.” Both Lucian and Estella weren’t around, so she didn’t know how to deal with Sonya.
Sonya gave a curt nod and glanced around the living room. “Where is Essie?” Catalina was at a loss for words. She could tell Lucian that the boys had taken Estella away, but she was too afraid to tell Sonya the truth.
After all, she knew that Sonya disliked Roxanne. “Uh, Ms. Estella...” Catalina hesitated. Sonya grew impatient. “Where is she? Is she upstairs? I'll go take a look myself.”
With that, she strode upstairs. Catalina dared not stay anything and could only watch as Sonya headed upstairs to Estella’s room. A while later, Sonya stormed downstairs wearing an unhappy scowl.
“| thought Essie is supposed to be homeschooled. Why isn’t she around on a weekend?” she demanded. Giving Catalina a dubious look, she asked, “Did Lucian take her out?”
She pulled out her phone to call Lucian. Knowing it was impossible to hide the truth, Catalina revealed honestly, “Archie and Benny came earlier. | think... Ms. Estella left with them.”
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
Sonya’s expression turned as dark as thunder. “Who told you to let them in?”
| didn’t tell Lucian to bring Essie back so she could meet the boys! It’s pretty obvious where they would take her. Sonya’s voice was shrill and demanding.
When Catalina heard Sonya’s question, she was filled with guilt since she had let the boys in secretly. She hung her head in shame silently.
Sonya glared at her. “I can’t believe you failed to take care of her!”
With that, she stormed out of the manor.
| brought her back the first time, so | can do it again!
After witnessing Sonya’s departure from the manor, Catalina hesitated briefly before dialing Lucian’s number once again.
Back in Farwell Group's CEO's office, Cayden was still reporting the work progress to Lucian. It was his first time seeing Lucian answering so many calls at work.
“Mrs. Farwell came earlier. She learned that Ms. Estella was taken away and might be...” Catalina trailed off helplessly. Lucian’s brows furrowed. “Got it.”
He ended the call and told Cayden, “Send the rest to my email.”
Before Cayden could react, he noticed Lucian rising to his feet and hurrying toward the elevator.
Lucian’s expression was grim as he exited the elevator and got into his car. He then proceeded to drive to Roxanne’s house.
Previously, Estella couldn't stop wailing when his mother forcibly dragged her out of Roxanne’s house.
He was worried that if Estella experienced another traumatic event, she would regress back to her old self.
She might even completely isolate herself from the outside world.
Lucian’s expression darkened when the thought of that possibility crossed his mind. He stepped on the gas pedal. At the same time, the kids’ car rolled to a stop outside the mansion.
It had been a while since Estella had seen Roxanne, so the little girl was a bit anxious. She trailed behind the boys, wondering if Roxanne would still like her.
The boys had no idea what was on her mind and dragged her into the mansion. Roxanne had just arrived home after working overtime.
She was about to head upstairs to see Archie and Benny. Right then, the mansion’s door creaked open, and in walked the three kids, holding hands.
Roxanne thought she was hallucinating when she saw Estella at her house. “Ms. Jarvis...” Estella greeted softly. Nevertheless, the little girl was too afraid to approach her.
Roxanne snapped out of her reverie. The sight of Estella’s shy demeanor made her heart soften. 
###Chapter 1054
Chapter 1054
Chapter 1054 Mindful of Your Words
Upon realizing Roxanne didn’t feel any animosity towards her, Estella leaped into her arms happily. Smiling, Roxanne wrapped her arms around Estella and asked gently, “Why are you with Archie and Benny?”
Hearing her question, Archie and Benny exchanged a sheepish glance before directing their gaze toward Estella.
Should we let Essie tell Mommy we sneaked her out, or should we tell her ourselves? It has been a while since Mommy and Essie last met. She won't get mad at Essie!
Estella didn’t disappoint them, for she quickly revealed, “Archie and Benny came to visit me. | wanted to visit you, so | asked them to bring me here!” Her voice sounded smug.
Luckily, | followed them back. Otherwise, there is no telling when I'll get to meet Ms. Jarvis! Roxanne stiffened when she heard Estella’s answer.
Essie ran away from home with Archie and Benny. If Lucian finds out about it, how should | explain it to him? He’ll most probably assume the boys persuaded Essie to follow them back to my house.
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen
With that thought in mind, she released her hold on Estella slowly. Panic flashed across Estella’s face. “Ms. Jarvis, don’t get mad!” Roxanne patted her head comfortingly and explained, “I have to inform your dad that you’re here. Otherwise, he’ll be concerned.”
Estella muttered reluctantly, “I don’t want Daddy...”
Daddy was the one who refused to let me see Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny! Upon seeing Estella’s reaction at the mention of her dad, Roxanne felt troubled.
She could finally understand Sonya and Aubree’s feelings. Estella had a much stronger attachment to her than she did to Lucian. Therefore, it was understandable that they did not want the little girl to continue getting in touch with Roxanne.
Roxanne even came to the conclusion that they were correct, as Estella would soon be someone else’s daughter. As a mother herself, she wouldn't want her child to have a close relationship with another woman.
However, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to ignore Estella, especially when the latter was pouting pitifully. “Be good. I'll talk to your daddy nicely,” she said and forced out a smile.
Roxanne stood up to make a call to Lucian. She had just scrolled through her contacts and found Lucian’s number when the doorbell rang.
Hearing that, Roxanne paused in her tracks.
Estella clung to Roxanne’s leg like a frightened little animal and hid behind her. She thought Lucian was here to bring her back home.
Roxanne gave her head a reassuring pat and went to answer the door.
The sight of the newcomer caused them to blanch in shock.
Estella was so flustered that she grasped the edge of Roxanne’s clothes tightly, desperately wanting to conceal herself completely behind Roxanne.
Archie and Benny pursed their lips and went to join Roxanne at the door.
Sonya’s lips twisted mockingly as she observed their actions. She then directed her gaze toward Roxanne. “Catalina informed me that your boys had sneaked Essie out of the house, so | came here to verify if it was true. Turns out Essie is indeed at your house.”
Roxanne furrowed her brows and refuted, “Archie and Benny simply brought Essie back here so that they could play together. They are just children, so please be mindful of your words.”
Claiming that the kids “sneaked” Estella out of her house was too serious an accusation.
Sonya pinned her with a withering stare. “Why? Did | say anything wrong?” 
###Chapter 1055
Chapter 1055
Chapter 1055 Rude
Sonya turned her attention to Estella, who was hiding behind Roxanne. “Essie, come on. I'll bring you home.” Estella had a firm grip on the edge of Roxanne's clothing
When she heard Sonya’s words, she recoiled in fear.
I've just met Ms. Jarvis, so | don’t want to go home yet. Besides, Grandma looks really scary. | just didn’t want to attend the new kindergarten, that's all, but she wants to
discipline me like the cruel Ms. Pearson! Estella was overwhelmed by fear as she remembered Sonya's expression from that day.
Sonya realized that Estella was frightened of her, so she apologized softly, “I'm here to apologize, Essie. | must have scared you that day, haven't |? | promise it won't
happen again. You're my precious princess, Essie She reached out and tried to pry away Estella's hand that was gripping Roxanne’s clothes. It was frustrating to see her granddaughter preferring another woman over her.
At once, Archie and Benny dashed forward to stand in front of Roxanne and protect Estella. This time, they wouldn't let Sonya bring Estella away no matter what.
“Won't you control your kids?” Sonya shot an irritated glare at Roxanne. “They first sneaked Essie out of the Farwell residence, and now they are trying to prevent me from bringing her back. Why? Do they consider Essie to be their real sister?”
Conflicting emotions welled up in the boys’ hearts when they heard that. We don’t know who Essie’s mommy is, but we are indeed her half-siblings.
With that thought in mind, they grew increasingly determined to protect her.
Roxanne was also reminded of the kids’ relationship, but she didn’t know how to reply to Sonya.
As Roxanne remained silent, Sonya took a step forward and attempted to push the boys out of her way. Instinctively, Roxanne reached out to protect her children by gripping Sonya’s wrist.
Both women were at a standstill for a moment before Sonya withdrew her hand with a scowl. She stated coldly, “Like mother, like son. It’s no wonder they are so mischievous, given that you are their mother.”
Roxanne believed that she had raised both boys well, so she felt a stab of anger upon hearing Sonya’s criticism.
“Mrs. Farwell, you can criticize me all you like, but isn’t it rude of you to vent your anger on the kids?”
Sonya valued her pride the most, and Roxanne’s words had hit her sore spot. “What did you just say?” she shrieked.
Unfazed, Roxanne said, “You claim to feel sorry for Essie, but have you ever considered why Essie is afraid of you if you truly love her? It's because your supposed love is just fulfiling your own ego!"
Sonya was practically quivering in rage. She looked at her granddaughter, wanting to refute Roxanne's statement with facts
However, Estella merely cowered behind Roxanne silently. Her behavior seemed to verify Roxanne's statement instead of supporting Sonya
| already told you last time that Essie can't handle stress, but you kept forcing her to act against her wishes. | doubt that you love her,” Roxanne stated firmly.
She piled on the pressure, not giving Sonya any room to maneuver.
Sonya flew into a fit of anger. “You know nothing! Who are you to question me? Essie is a Farwell, so it's up to us to decide how we want to raise her. That has nothing to
do with you!”
###Chapter 1056
Chapter 1056
Chapter 1056 It Is Clear
Roxanne felt that this was unjust for Estella. “Just because Essie is a Farwell, does that mean she should be treated this way and not be allowed to befriend people she likes?”
Sonya sneered, “If you’re talking about your sons, then she isn’t allowed to befriend them.” A flash of disappointment crossed Archie and Benny's faces when they heard that.
Does Grandma hate us that much? She won’t even allow us to be friends with Essie. Roxanne was upset, too. “Mrs. Farwell, the children have nothing to do with our grudge.”
Roxanne knew that the elderly lady’s hatred for Archie and Benny must have stemmed from her, for they rarely interacted with Sonya.
With that thought in mind, she cast the boys an apologetic look. Though the boys had no idea about their own background, their biological grandmother ended up despising them because of her.
For one split second, Roxanne had the urge to reveal Archie and Benny’s identities to Sonya so she would stop insulting her boys.
Sonya was not interested in arguing with Roxanne. Her attention was focused on Estella as she coaxed, “Come on, Essie. Let’s go home.”
Frightened by their argument, Estella shook her head vigorously in response to Sonya’s words, her eyes reddened in fear. No! | don’t want to leave. | want to stay and play with Archie and Benny!
A fresh swell of rage rose within Sonya when she realized Estella wasn’t going to listen to her. Initially, she wanted to apologize to Estella for yelling at her previously.
Alas, she never imagined that Estella would choose Roxanne over her! Blind with rage, Sonya stepped forward with an ugly scowl, intending to push Roxanne away.
Roxanne held the kids’ hands and retreated warily. Sonya was about to make a move when a car honked outside the mansion. Roxanne instinctively glanced toward the source of the noise and saw Lucian alighting from his car. He strode over to them. From afar, he was giving off an intimidating air.
Roxanne’s heart sank at the sight. If Lucian insists on taking Essie with him, | can’t stop him.
Feeling helpless, she abandoned her defensive attitude and allowed herself to relax.
Sensing the change in Roxanne’s attitude, Sonya stopped warily and turned over her shoulder.
The sight of her son gave her confidence. “Lucian, I’m glad you’re here. You must be here to pick Essie up, right?”
Roxanne cast her gaze downward, unsure of how to face him.
Lucian frowned slightly and said nothing.
Sonya shook her head in disbelief and added, “I can’t believe those boys. They must have said something to Essie to make her follow them willingly. I’m not happy about this at all. | think it would be best if Essie stayed with me.”
Estella’s eyes widened in shock when she heard that. She promptly burst into tears. Instantly, all eyes were upon her.
“No!” Estella wailed so hard that she couldn't even open her eyes wide. “I want Ms. Jarvis...” She wanted Roxanne, so it was obvious what she didn’t want.
Despite being humiliated, Sonya had to make an effort to restrain her anger in her son’s presence. To try and comfort Estella, she coaxed, “Come on, stop crying. I'll buy you a present if you follow me home. Anything you want, | promise.”
Estella wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s leg tightly and said nothing. She merely shook her head vigorously while bawling. 
###Chapter 1057
Chapter 1057
Chapter 1057 Could She Stay a While Longer
There were several instances where Roxanne wanted to speak, but she decided to keep silent after remembering what Sonya said. The fact that Lucian was at the scene as well did not help.
On the other hand, Archie and Benny were incredibly anxious. “Stop it, Mrs. Farwell! Essie is crying her eyes out!” exclaimed Benny, who was on the brink of bursting into tears himself.
Pursing his lips, Archie quietly walked to the middle of Benny and Estella to hold their hands. Lucian stood opposite the four with a deadpan expression, only half a step behind Sonya.
Seeing how protective the two boys were of Estella and how Roxanne remained silent, Lucian frowned once again. “Even if you don’t want me, you should have no problem going with your father, right?” Sonya thought she was being quite reasonable, but as soon as she finished her sentence, she heard her son’s indifferent voice.
“Stay out of this. I'll take Essie back,” uttered Lucian. When Roxanne heard that, she reluctantly shut her mouth. Then, she glanced coldly at Roxanne and Lucian before turning around to walk away.
She had something to say but would rather not do it in front of Roxanne, lest she got humiliated right before the younger woman. Well aware of what was on his mother’s mind, Lucian quickly followed her.
“Were you aware that the two little ones went to the manor?” questioned Sonya as she looked suspiciously at her son.
To that, Lucian answered straightforwardly, “I was working overtime at the office, so | had no idea.”
“Then why are you here?” Sonya did not believe her son, but then she suddenly thought of something.
“Did Catalina tell you that | came over?” questioned Sonya displeasedly.
Lucian did not answer the question directly, however. “Not only does Essie have a sensitive personality, but she also hasn’t been doing well recently. It won’t take much to trigger a relapse.”
“Do you think that was what | was trying to do?” After listening to Lucian, Sonya got upset. “I’m Essie’s grandmother. Why wouldn't | want the best for her?” Roxanne was the one who heartlessly abandoned Essie, so what right does she have now to take the girl under her wing? Besides, Essie will be Aubree’s daughter sooner or later. There’s no point in letting the girl get close to an outsider.
At that point, Lucian felt as if he was about to have a headache. “If you really want the best for her, just go back now.”
Sonya did not expect that instead of siding with her, her son would try to drive her away. “Did you forget how Roxanne treated Essie? The girl may not have any idea, but are you just as oblivious?”
Knitting his eyebrows, Lucian chose to keep silent.
Sonya would rather not waste more time arguing with her son, so she stated, “I'll go back now, but if | don’t see Essie when | return to the manor tomorrow, there’s nothing you can say to stop me from taking her back to the Farwell main residence.” With that, Sonya shot another cold glance at Roxanne before turning around to leave.
Lucian then took a few seconds to recollect himself before heading for the mansion door.
“Mr. Farwell,” greeted Roxanne distantly, for she had no idea why Lucian came over.
At first, she thought he wanted to help Sonya take Estella away, but after witnessing how he convinced Sonya to leave, she was utterly baffled.
In response to Roxanne’s greeting, Lucian simply glanced indifferently at her before shifting his attention to Estella, who had reduced her bawling to sniveling after Sonya left.
“Sorry, Mr. Farwell,” voiced Archie suddenly. When Lucian heard that, he looked at Archie with a raised eyebrow since he knew what the boy was apologizing for.
What Archie said next was also well within his expectation. “We know we shouldn't have taken Essie away secretly, but we missed her a lot. Do you think you could let her stay a while longer?” 
###Chapter 1058
Chapter 1058
Chapter 1058 Who Are You
Even though Roxanne and Lucian knew what Archie would say, they were still moved when they heard the boy actually put his thoughts into words.
After looking down at Archie, Roxanne silently shifted her gaze to Lucian. If possible, |, too, wish Essie could stay a moment longer, at least until she calms down.
Unfortunately, she knew she had no right to make such a request. Only after keeping quiet for a few seconds did Lucian turn to meet Roxanne’s gaze.
Clenching her fists, Roxanne then looked away and pretended to be calm. “What do you think, Ms. Jarvis?” inquired Lucian in his deep voice.
Roxanne reluctantly replied, “I have no say in the matter since Essie is your child, Mr. Farwell. However, | do hope that you'll respect her wishes.”
Since Roxanne did not intend to request him to let Estella stay, Lucian nodded understandingly in response and turned to Estella. “Then you should come home with me.”
Estella had just stopped crying, but after hearing her father’s words, her face began to scrunch up again.
Seeing how the girl was about to burst into tears once again, Benny and Archie got upset at Lucian. Daddy knew Essie isn’t in a good mood, but he’s still forcing her.
“Essie doesn’t want to go back,” protested Benny, confronting his father with determination. Lucian was somewhat surprised by the boy’s sudden statement.
Then, Archie also stepped forward to shield Estella with his body.
Even though he did not utter a word, his intention was crystal clear.
Instead of saying anything in response, Lucian simply looked silently at Roxanne, who was frowning slightly as soon as she noticed his gaze. The woman also wanted to say something for Estella’s sake, but in the face of Lucian’s attitude, she couldn’t bring herself to say anything. Also, she was well aware she didn’t have a say in the matter.
He probably would've listened to me back when he was still pursuing me, but now that he’s already with Aubree... With that thought in mind, Roxanne was quickly filled with nothing but frustration.
“Archie, Benny, you guys go upstairs first and let Mr. Farwell talk to Essie,” Roxanne persuaded the boys, who never expected her to say that.
Estella, on the other hand, thought that Roxanne did not want her around anymore, so she began bawling again while grabbing the woman’s sleeve tightly, refusing to let go.
When the scene descended into chaos once again, Roxanne furrowed her eyebrows helplessly. Lucian, however, remained standing with a deadpan expression at the door, staring at Estella and waiting for her to come to him.
It took quite a while before Roxanne finally found her voice. “Mr. Farwell...”
Even though Roxanne didn’t have the right to say anything, she could no longer remain silent when Estella was bawling. As Roxanne spoke, she reciprocated Estella’s grip on her hand and found out that the little girl’s palm was already sweating.
Heartbroken, Roxanne stated, “I know what you guys are thinking, but some things require time, especially considering Essie’s condition.”
Then, Lucian spoke straightforwardly, his words striking the sore spot in Roxanne’s heart. “And who are you to concern yourself with Essie like that?”
The desire in Roxanne to speak up immediately dissipated when she heard Lucian. Her lips parted, but no words came out of her mouth; all she could do was tighten her grip on Estella’s hand to comfort the girl.
Then, Lucian shifted his attention to Estella. “Come home with me. Mr. Lann will be coming over in the evening.” Since Estella had been so emotionally unstable recently, Lucian decided to summon James for professional help.
However, Estella shook her head vigorously in response and cried so hard that she could barely breathe properly. 
###Chapter 1059
Chapter 1059
Chapter 1059 Please Let Estella Stay “Ms. Jarvis has a lot on her hands, so don’t cause her any more trouble.” Lucian bent down to grab Estella’s unoccupied hand.
Estella’s strength was drained after bawling for a long time, so she let go of Roxanne’s hand the moment Lucian took her in his arms.
The woman instinctively tightened her grip but eventually let the girl go when she remembered the man’s harsh words. With Estella in his arms, Lucian patted her comfortingly on the back before turning around to leave.
“Daddy!” Suddenly, a childish voice cried out from behind and caused Lucian to stop dead in his tracks. Roxanne’s expression changed as she regarded her son.
Benny's voice was loud when he called Lucian that, and his face had turned bright red, probably due to anxiety. The moment the word left his mouth, Benny regretted his action.
He knew he shouldn't have done that, but he had no idea how else to stop Lucian from leaving. At that moment, Benny did not have to lift his head to look at his mother because he could already sense her shocked gaze. Panicking, the boy then turned to his brother for help.
Archie, knitting his eyebrows, pretended to be calm even though he was flustered as well. “Mr. Farwell, you’re Essie’s father, yet you don’t know what she needs? If a psychologist can actually help her, then why was she mute before she met us?”
Benny quickly chimed in, “If we had a daddy, we wouldn’t like it if he forced us to do things we don’t want to do!”
The boys’ words were enough to make the two adults waver once again, and Lucian began pondering. Benny’s not wrong. If a psychologist were the solution, Essie wouldn’t have refused to talk. However, how can | allow Essie to continue relying on Roxanne since she wanted nothing more than to cut ties with me?
Roxanne, on the other hand, was still feeling apprehensive after Benny called Lucian “Daddy.” For a moment, she even thought the boy had found out about his true identity already.
The next second, she was filled with intense guilt when she heard what Benny had to say. Lucian is the boys’ father, and he’s standing right in front of them. | just didn’t tell them because | was selfish.
Guilt-ridden, the woman glanced at Lucian because she was worried he would sense something.
However, as soon as she lifted her head, she unexpectedly met Lucian’s stern gaze.
Roxanne wondered if her eyes were playing tricks on her when she noticed resentment in the man’s eyes.
“Even if you need me to...” At that point, Roxanne could not help but speak up again. However, she glanced concernedly at
Estella mid-sentence and decided to skip the rest. “We need to be patient with Essie’s condition. If necessary, I'll cooperate with you, Mr. Farwell.”
Roxanne knew the Farwell family wanted to distance Estella from her, so in order to make the process easier for Estella, she was willing to cooperate with the family to gradually cut down on the time she spent with the girl.
Even though Archie and Benny had no idea what the adults were talking about, they had an uneasy feeling. Meanwhile, Estella was still crying since she was unsure what would happen to her.
“If possible, let Essie stay for today,” Roxanne lowered her eyes and pleaded without much expectation. The second Archie and Benny heard that, their eyes lit up.
The boys then stared expectantly at Lucian, whose face remained expressionless.
Only after a while did the man finally speak. “I'll leave her in your care then. Feel free to call me anytime should you have trouble handling her, and I'll come over to pick her up.” 
###Chapter 1060
Chapter 1060
Chapter 1060 Refusing to Transfer Schools
Roxanne was dumbfounded since she did not expect Lucian to agree to their request so easily. She finally regained her senses when Estella came running toward her, sobbing after her father set her down on the floor.
“Ms. Jarvis...” The girl quickly wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s thigh. After caressing Estella’s head, Roxanne looked up at Lucian, who then nodded indifferently at her and glanced at the three children before heading to his car.
Only after watching Lucian drive away did Roxanne take the children into the living room. “You two look after Essie. | need to make a phone call,” instructed Roxanne.
Archie and Benny immediately nodded in response and did their best to comfort Estella while Roxanne hurried into a corner to call Jack, who did not take long to answer.
“What's up, Ms. Jarvis?” inquired Jack. “Sorry, but I’m afraid I'll have to take another rain check,” replied Roxanne apologetically.
According to their schedule, the two were supposed to provide medical consultation at a nursing home that afternoon, but because of how upset Estella was, Roxanne could not leave.
In response, Jack chuckled unconcernedly. “It’s okay; we can handle things there without you. What I’m more worried about is you. Are you sick?”
As soon as Jack finished his sentence, he could vaguely hear crying from the other end of the line. Are the boys the ones who are sick? Jack furrowed his eyebrows confusedly. “I'm fine. | just... suddenly have a private matter to tend to,” answered Roxanne after glancing at the bawling Estella.
Jack did not overthink the situation and simply assumed that he guessed correctly. “I'll let you get back to your private matter then.”
After Roxanne thanked Jack gratefully, the two ended the phone call without saying anything else. Then, Roxanne hurried back to the children. “Mommy, we couldn't get Essie to stop crying.” Benny had disappointment written all over his face.
After patting the boy’s head, Roxanne lowered herself to pick up Estella. “It’s okay now, Essie. You have Archie, Benny, and me here.”
As if she felt a sense of security in Roxanne’s arms, Estella finally opened her tear-filled eyes to look at the woman.
Roxanne quickly patted Estella on the back when she sensed a change in the girl’s emotion, trying to calm her down so she wouldn't cry too hard.
“| d-don’t want to transfer schools!” uttered Estella, choking on her tears.
Roxanne was relieved to hear Estella speak but quickly became distressed because of what the girl said.
Even though Roxanne knew what Estella wanted, there was nothing she could do about it. “Ms. Jarvis... | want you, Ms. Jarvis...” voiced Estella as she continued to sob. Immediately, Roxanne responded, “I’m here. I’m here with you.”
The two boys then climbed up the couch and carefully tugged Estella’s sleeve. “We're here too, so you don’t have to cry anymore.”
“|...” Roxanne could not bear to see Estella cry again, so she decided to tell a white lie to appease the girl. “I'll speak to your father about it.”
“| want you to be my Mommy,” added the teary-eyed Estella. Gulping, Roxanne dared not promise Estella that. However, her heart could not help but break a little every time she heard the girl sob.
Only after a while did Roxanne respond, “I'll always like you no matter what our relationship is. Would you dislike me if | couldn’t be your mother, Essie?” 
###Chapter 1061
Chapter 1061
Chapter 1061 Something Is Off
Estella was clearly alarmed by what Roxanne said. She couldn’t stop crying and shaking her head. Roxanne wiped the girl's tears away and uttered softly, “In that case, don’t cry anymore.” Archie and Benny helped do the same.
After Roxanne said she liked Estella, the two of them repeated their mother’s sentiment. “It doesn’t matter what our relationship is. We'll still like you, Essie!”
While that stopped Estella from sobbing further, she still felt quite upset. “But... if | change school, | won't be able to see you two anymore.”
Benny promised, “Even if you do, we'll still visit you to play with you! If Mr. Farwell and the others forbid us from doing so, we'll just sneak our way in!”
Having listened to the conversation among the children, Roxanne thought, | don’t think I'll let them meet each other again after this.
However, Estella seemed to be moved. Roxanne didn’t want to burst their bubbles, so she agreed with her silence. The three of them talked with Estella for a long while, and only then was her mood finally lifted again.
Benny recounted everything interesting that had happened in the kindergarten over the past two days.
When Roxanne finally saw Estella smiling from listening to Benny’s story, she breathed a sigh of relief.
“You should keep her company for a while, Archie. | have something | need Benny's help with.” She was still wondering why Benny had called Lucian Daddy and wanted to ask him about it.
The kids were in a happy mood at that moment, so none of them gave her statement much thought.
Benny merely thought his mother needed his aid to decoding something again, so he followed her upstairs enthusiastically. It wasn’t until he noticed that his mother was heading toward their bedroom instead of the study that he started to feel guilty. After he entered the room, she closed the door.
“Mommy...” Benny lowered his head guiltily.
Seeing that, Roxanne felt something was amiss.
She knew the children too well. She could tell from a glance what he was feeling.
Suddenly, she panicked a little.
However, lest she misunderstood the boy, she asked, “Earlier, why did you suddenly call Mr. Farwell Daddy?”
Benny lowered his head and was at a loss for words.
He was great at computers, but not confrontations like those.
In the past, his brother would always help him navigate through situations like those, but at that moment, he was alone. He knew his mother was smart. If he answered her question too slowly, she would get suspicious.
At that thought, he could only steel himself and utter, “I didn’t call Mr. Farwell Daddy. | just wanted to say that he’s Essie’s Daddy and that he can’t make her cry.” He raised his head to look at Roxanne’s countenance. “But | got a little too anxious and only remembered to say the words ‘Daddy.”
Roxanne knitted her eyebrows slightly, unsure of what to believe. The children were shocked by what happened earlier, and Benny’s answer does make sense. However, | can’t help but feel that something's off.
“Also...” Seeing that his mother was still skeptical of the matter, Benny had a brilliant idea and started acting pitifully. “When | saw Mr. Farwell hugging Essie, | thought Archie and | would be hugged the same way if our daddy was still alive!”
That hit a soft spot in Roxanne’s heart. She put away her suspicions and stared at her boy apologetically. 
###Chapter 1062
Chapter 1062
Chapter 1062 Spill the Beans
“I'm sorry.” Roxanne lowered her head. Upon hearing that, Benny knew Roxanne had bought his lie and let out a sigh of relief in secret. He lowered his guard even further when he heard his mother apologizing to him.
He tugged her sleeve obediently. “I don’t blame you, Mommy!” Roxanne forced a smile, but she still felt remorseful. Benny tilted his head and blurted out his thoughts, “If you really feel sorry, make Mr. Farwell our daddy! Archie and | like him a lot!”
Roxanne’s heart clenched when she heard that. It was the first time she had heard the boy express his opinion about Lucian to her. Is it because they're related by blood that they love him so much?
Roxanne felt the urge to tell Benny about his background, but then she thought about her relationship with Lucian. If Lucian learns that the boys are his children, he won't let them stay by my side.
At that thought, she pinched her palm silently and swallowed the words on the tip of her tongue.
“Mr. Farwell is going to marry someone else in the future, and there’s nothing | can do about it.” She patted his head comfortingly. “However, | can promise you that your future daddy will be someone you and your brother will like!”
Naturally, Benny was disappointed when his proposal was rejected by his mother. However, he found himself understanding his mother’s decision when he recalled her precarious relationship with his father.
He was determined to help his parents reconcile with each other. Unwilling to face Benny’s disappointed countenance, Roxanne stood up and grabbed his tiny hand. “Come on. Let’s head back to Essie.”
The boy bobbed his head and followed her downstairs. Archie and Estella were planning how to encourage their parents to make peace with each other.
When they heard footsteps, they swiftly separated from one another like frightened little animals and sat on the couch, acting as though nothing had happened.
Roxanne stared at them with amusement. “What secrets were you two talking about?” Calmly, Archie replied, “I was just telling Essie that Benny is very good with computers.”
Estella nodded in cooperation. “Mm-hmm! I’m great at it, too!”
Roxanne turned to the girl, surprised. No one would've expected someone as adorable and innocent-looking as her to be skilled at computers. | certainly didn’t. Then again, she is Lucian’s child. In that context, it’s not shocking to learn she has a very high IQ.
“What did you need Benny’s help with, Ms. Jarvis? If he can’t help you, maybe | can give it a try,” Estella offered.
Roxanne glanced at Benny before grinning at the other children. “It’s nothing much. I’m not that familiar with computers, so | asked him to teach me a thing or two about a problem | was having.”
Benny nodded in agreement.
While Estella didn’t think much about her lie, Archie had a good guess why his mother had asked his brother for help. He was. slightly worried as he wondered how Benny had answered her questions.
He noticed his little brother’s expression appeared a bit odd. He didn’t spill the beans, did he? He couldn't help but panic. When Benny sat by his side, he asked in a whisper, “Did you let it slip?”
He only relaxed when his brother assured him that didn’t happen. 
###Chapter 1063
Chapter 1063
Chapter 1063 Make Them Reconcile
The brothers played with Estella until very late into the night because she would be leaving the next day. It was only when Roxanne went to the boys’ bedroom to call for Estella that she reluctantly left.
Roxanne wondered what the children talked about when she noticed how spirited Estella appeared upon returning to her bedroom. “Ms. Jarvis,” Estella called out in her piping voice abruptly while Roxanne was helping her take a bath.
Roxanne stopped what she was doing and looked at Estella in confusion. The girl stared at her with wide eyes and asked, “Can you really not be my mommy, Ms. Jarvis?”
Earlier, while she was still crying, she had already asked that question, and Roxanne had already answered no. Roxanne was surprised the girl would ask that again.
Afraid that her answer would cause Estella to cry once more, she contemplated the words she should use.
Estella, however, seemed to have known Roxanne’s answer. She lowered her eyes and said aggrievedly, “I know you don’t like Daddy because he keeps angering you, Ms. Jarvis, and I’m Daddy’s daughter. You will definitely not want to become my mommy.”
“That’s not what | meant. It’s just that... your daddy is already engaged to someone, so he has to marry that person in the future.” The girl’s eyes lit up. “This means you actually like Daddy!”
Hearing that rendered Roxanne speechless for a few moments. The children always have a false dichotomous perspective on everything. Just because | denied the claim that | disliked Lucian, she thought | actually liked him, and | couldn’t be with him solely because of Aubree. If | rebut her again, it'll be the same as admitting | dislike Lucian and, consequently, her as well.
At that moment, she had no idea how to explain the situation properly to the girl. Estella scrutinized Roxanne’s expression.
When she saw the troubled look on the woman’s face, a sly glint flashed past her eyes. She recalled the plan she had devised with the boys.
Ms. Jarvis and Daddy had a heated argument that they still haven’t gotten over. We need to come up with a plan to make them reconcile quickly! “It's Daddy’s fault for pissing you off, Ms. Jarvis. I'll teach Daddy a lesson on your behalf!”
Roxanne had no rebuttals to offer. It’s like she’s implying Lucian and | are already a thing. “Essie...” She changed the topic resignedly. “It’s getting late. Let’s hurry so you can rest early.”
Estella beamed, although it was difficult to tell if it was because she had fun talking about the matter or because Roxanne did not deny her conclusion.
In response to Roxanne’s words, the girl nodded obediently.
Roxanne was a little absent-minded as she dried Estella with a towel because her mind was still distracted by the emotions the girl had elicited in her.
“| want to listen to Sleeping Beauty, Ms. Jarvis!” Proactively, Estella crawled up to the bed and stared at the woman with anticipation, as if stars were hiding in her eyes.
Sleeping Beauty... Roxanne’s mind was thrown into further chaos as she inadvertently recalled the play from before.
However, she couldn’t bear to reject the girl’s request when she saw how excited the latter was.
As she narrated the fairy tale, the events that took place during the play repeated in her mind like a movie.
When she reached the kissing scene, she found it hard to continue the story.
Thankfully, the girl had already fallen asleep.
After releasing a sigh of relief, Roxanne lay beside Estella with a complicated feeling. 
###Chapter 1064
Chapter 1064
Chapter 1064 Dislike Them
The next morning, when Roxanne woke up early, Estella was still asleep. She left the bed gently to avoid disturbing the girl and went downstairs to prepare the children’s breakfast.
Because of the messy situation last night, she woke up a little later than usual even though she was awake before the children. She hadn’t even prepared breakfast when the doorbell rang.
Roxanne stopped what she was doing, and her heart sank. Is Lucian that eager to bring Essie back home? The doorbell rang incessantly, which roused the children from their slumber and prompted them to descend the stairs.
“Is Mr. Farwell here, Mommy?” Archie frowned at the entrance. Estella’s gleeful countenance from yesterday had been replaced with a pitiful expression as she stood behind the boys. | want to stay with Archie and Benny longer!
Seeing that the children had arrived downstairs, Roxanne had no choice but to put the things in her hands down and open the door.
“Mr. Fair—” Roxanne cut herself off when she realized the visitor wasn’t who she thought it was. “Why are you here, Mr. Damaris?”
Jack was holding a bouquet of baby’s breath with a warm smile. “l was worried when you didn’t come yesterday or explain why you couldn’t make it, so | decided to visit early in the morning. | didn’t disturb your rest, did 1?”
As he spoke, he looked inside the living room and saw three children staring at him warily.
He couldn't help but be taken aback at the sight of the kids. “They are...”
When the children snapped back to reality, they politely but distantly greeted Jack, “Hello, Mr. Damaris.” Estella was unfamiliar with Jack, but she still greeted him with the boys.
Jack nodded with a smile. “Good morning to you three.” Then he raised his eyebrow at Roxanne. “The girl is Mr. Farwell’s daughter, isn’t she?”
Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds before inclining her head. “She came here to play with Archie and Benny.”
He’s aware the three of them are in the same class, although | don’t know if he’d believe what | just said. She lowered her eyes guiltily, afraid he would notice anything unusual.
Thankfully, Jack simply nodded meaningfully and sized her up. “I thought you didn’t show up yesterday because you were sick. It seems that my concern is unfounded.”
“Sorry for worrying you, Mr. Damaris.” Roxanne gave a small smile, then looked at the flowers in his hand in puzzlement. Jack handed the flowers to her after detecting her apparent interest in them. “I thought you were feeling unwell, but | wasn’t sure what to bring when visiting you, so | brought you these flowers. | hope you don’t dislike them.”
Roxanne was slightly stunned, her heart filled with hesitation. It sounds reasonable, but accepting his flowers in front of the children is a little... I'm afraid they'll misunderstand something.
Just as she wondered what to do, Estella trotted toward her and tugged her shirt. “Ms. Jarvis.” Roxanne lowered her eyes. Estella rubbed her tummy and whined, “I’m hungry.”
Roxanne smiled apologetically at Estella before turning her attention back to Jack. “Sorry, | woke up a little late today. | haven't prepared their breakfasts. Please, come in and sit with us.”
“Sure.” 
###Chapter 1065
Chapter 1065
Chapter 1065 How Are We Born
Roxanne released a sigh of relief in her heart as she stepped into the kitchen alone. Thank goodness Essie came to my rescue. | hope Jack won't think | was being impertinent for not directly accepting his flowers.
Inside the living room, when Jack sat on the couch, he placed the flowers in his hand next to him. The children looked at him from a distance.
Upon sensing their gaze, Jack lifted his eyebrow and faced the boys. “Do you two like the presents | gifted you?” The boys exchanged a glance.
They didn’t open Jack’s gifts because they saw him as a potential love rival to Lucian. Despite their animosity toward him, they felt compelled to answer his question amiably.
Archie smiled at him. “It’s really fun. Thank you, Mr. Damaris.” Hearing that, Estella snorted imperceptibly.
While it was the first time she had met Jack, the alarm bells in her mind hadn’t stopped ringing since he first appeared. This guy is doing the same thing Daddy did when he was courting Ms. Jarvis. He visited Ms. Jarvis early in the morning because he was supposedly concerned about her health. Then, he openly gifted her flowers! He must be pursuing Ms. Jarvis!
She was enraged as she thought about how proactive Jack was and how her father was still angry at Roxanne. Archie and Benny could tell she was furious and why.
“Mr. Damaris, | once saw on the television that flowers are only given to people you like. So why did you buy Mommy flowers?” Benny started.
Jack was stunned for a moment. “Friends can give each other flowers too.”
Benny ignored his response and continued, “If you like Mommy, | suggest you give up because she already has someone in her heart!”
Surprise flashed past the man’s eyes as he stared at the boy with intrigue. “Oh?”
Benny met Jack’s eyes assertively and proclaimed, “Mommy likes Daddy!”
Roxanne’s expression changed when she stepped out of the kitchen and heard that. “What are you talking about, Benny?” The boy pouted and said seriously, “Isn’t that true? If you don’t like Daddy, then how are we born?”
While the boys did not know who their father was, Roxanne did.
Then, as she related Benny’s words to what Estella said last night, she felt a peculiar sensation swelling in her.
As she didn’t feel it was appropriate for her to refute Benny’s words, she mentioned breakfast instead. “All right, that’s enough. Essie’s hungry. Let’s eat first.”
Only then did the children cave in and line up next to the dining table, waiting to be seated.
Roxanne turned to Jack and offered politely, “Have you eaten, Mr. Damaris? Join us if you haven't.”
The moment the children heard Roxanne’s invitation, they halted their movements and looked at the man on the couch. Jack pursed his lips upon spotting the children’s look. “No, thanks. | already ate before | came.”
It was only then the children returned to whatever they were doing.
Roxanne nodded at him and enjoyed breakfast with the children.
However, because of Jack's presence, the children ate inattentively. 
###Chapter 1066
Chapter 1066
Chapter 1066 A Coworker Sending Flowers
After breakfast, Roxanne was afraid the children would say anything inappropriate, so she asked them to play outside. Jack was still waiting in the living room. She cleaned up the dining room, then sat next to him.
“The mother of Mr. Farwell’s daughter has always been mysterious.” Jack’s voice rang out abruptly. Roxanne was stunned. She did not understand why he suddenly brought that topic up.
Studying her expression, he resumed, “If not for the fact that you already have two children, | would think you’re the mother of his daughter.” “That's impossible. Don’t say nonsense like that, Mr. Damaris,” Roxanne quickly denied.
“You two resemble each other. Or maybe I’m just overthinking it. Good-looking people tend to have similar features, after all.” Jack smiled, his words seemingly ambiguous and implying something.
Furrowing her eyebrows slightly, Roxanne kept her composure and changed the topic. “How did the medical consultation go yesterday, by the way?”
Jack sensed her anxiety and gazed at her meaningfully for a few seconds, making her feel uneasy. Fortunately for her, he went along with her wishes and changed the topic.
The children were feeling a little unhappy as they gathered in front of the mansion entrance. Estella knitted her eyebrows as she stared at the boys. “Does Mr. Damaris have a good relationship with Ms. Jarvis?”
The boys exchanged a glance, uncertain of what to say. They didn’t want to tell her Jack was Lucian’s potential love rival and had a good relationship with Roxanne, as they were uncertain how that knowledge would affect her unstable mood.
“Mommy said they're colleagues. She’s been fairly busy with work lately, so they've been interacting with each other more frequently,” Archie said.
Estella pursed her lips and stared at the entrance, skeptical of Archie’s words. Why would he, a mere coworker, send Ms. Jarvis flowers? Daddy has many colleagues, yet he never gave any of them flowers! | wonder what Ms. Jarvis is talking about with Mr. Damaris inside. Also, why did she chase us out?
The more she thought about it, the more worried she was. The boys’ hearts sank when they sensed Estella’s foul mood. The three children gazed at the entrance with great bitterness and deep hatred, wishing they could run straight to Roxanne’s side and monitor her interaction with Jack.
After a while, the boys made a decision and said, “How about we go in right now?” However, when they turned around, they realized Estella was gone.
“Essie?” Archie and Benny combed the courtyard to look for her. Estella was squatting next to Jack’s car, doing something. The moment she heard their voices, she wrapped up her task, concealed her tools, and hid behind Jack’s car.
As Archie moved closer, she abruptly ran out from behind the car. “Why are you here, Essie?” Archie’s eyes lit up. Estella lowered her head guiltily and muttered, “I... | just want to play hide and seek.”
Archie took in the girl’s expression. While he found her demeanor odd, he didn’t give it too much thought. “If you want to play hide and seek, we can play with you. But you must inform us beforehand if you’re going somewhere next time.”
Estella nodded obediently. 
###Chapter 1067
Chapter 1067
Chapter 1067 Only Friends
After Archie found Estella, he summoned Benny. “Let’s head inside and listen to what Mommy is talking about with Mr. Damaris.” Upon hearing that suggestion, the other two agreed.
They opened the door carefully and saw Roxanne sitting on the single-seat couch and chatting with Jack. Both adults had a smile on their faces.
The alarm bells in the children’s minds rang loudly the instant they noticed the faint smile on Roxanne’s face. Estella acted against her usual behavior and sprinted straight to Roxanne’s side.
“Essie?” It was only then Roxanne noticed the children had returned. Jack gave Roxanne and Estella the once-over and said half-intentionally, “I can see the resemblance even clearer like this.”
That sent Roxanne into a panic. Innocently, Estella asked Roxanne, “What resemblance, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne patted her head, shot a look at Jack, and said, “It’s nothing. It’s just a random comment from Mr. Damaris.” Then she stood up and faced Jack. “Is there anything else, Mr. Damaris?”
Of course, as a veteran in the business industry, he could tell she was hinting for him to leave. He smiled at the kids and said, “It's almost noon. Even though I’ve known the boys for a long while now, | still haven’t had the chance to treat them to a meal. How about we all have lunch together today?” Then he looked at Estella meaningfully. “It just so happens that Mr. Farwell’s daughter is here, so consider this my invitation to him for a meal.”
Roxanne felt uncomfortable upon hearing that. Is he implying something? Also, his pretext for inviting the children to lunch is so strange.
At that thought, she was ready to reject the offer on the children’s behalf.
To her surprise, before she could speak, Estella’s voice rang out. “Thank you, Mr. Damaris, but | much prefer Ms. Jarvis’ cooking!”
The boys nodded in agreement. Their rejection was direct, which prompted Jack to raise his eyebrow.
Roxanne was stunned for a few seconds before she returned to her senses and smiled at Jack apologetically. “I’m sorry. Mr. Farwell will be here soon to pick up Essie, so there’s not enough time for lunch outside. Next time, perhaps?”
Jack nodded nonchalantly and rose to his feet. “Very well, then. I'll take my leave now.”
Roxanne proceeded to send him out with the children.
Once Jack’s car was far enough away, the children glanced at Roxanne before returning to the living room in unison. The sight of the flowers still lying on the couch made their faces fall.
Roxanne was confounded by their reaction until she realized they were staring at the flowers.
She could tell what the children were thinking. They want me to be with Lucian. While | don’t think of Jack the way they assume | do, | don’t have a future with Lucian. Yet, | can’t help but feel guilty when | face them.
“Ms. Jarvis...” Estella lowered her eyes with disappointment and tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s shirt.
Squatting down, Roxanne looked at her. “What’s the matter?” “Is it because you want to be with Mr. Damaris that you can’t be my mommy?” The girl sounded aggrieved. Roxanne was taken aback by that question. “Mr. Damaris and | are only friends.”
“You accepted Mr. Damaris’ flower but not Daddy's.” | still remember Ms. Jarvis almost returned the roses Daddy bought for her when we went fo a concert.
For a moment, Roxanne wasn’t sure how to answer that question.
Her conversation about work with Jack and the sudden return of the children had diverted her attention from the presence of the flowers. She had completely forgotten about it.
If the children hadn’t cared so much about it, she wouldn't have remembered it.
Roxanne’s silence prompted Estella to tilt her head thoughtfully and question, “Is it because you like baby’s breath and not roses?” 
###Chapter 1068
Chapter 1068
Chapter 1068 Overthinking
“Yes,” Roxanne blurted out. That answer brought a smile to Estella’s face again. However, she still found the sight of the flowers to be an eyesore.
The boys also detested the flower, so they put it in a corner. “This is taking up space. Let’s put it here first!” Roxanne was aware of her sons’ intentions, but she didn’t comment on it. Suddenly, the doorbell rang again.
The brothers tensed up as they subconsciously protected Estella behind them. If Mr. Damaris was the one who pressed the doorbell earlier, then this must be Mr. Farwell! We still haven’t played hide and seek with Essie yet!
Roxanne thought the same, but despite her unwillingness to let Estella leave, she still opened the door. When she saw the person at the door, she was puzzled. “Mr. Damaris? Why are you back here? Is there anything else?”
Jack smiled helplessly. “I may need to stay at your place for a while because someone punctured my tire with a nail. It went flat after | drove for a while.”
As he spoke, he glanced at the children somewhat intentionally. Without hesitation, Roxanne let him in.
Jack wondered out loud, “It’s strange. The tire was fine when | came by in the morning. | don’t know when it was punctured by a nail.”
Upon detecting his stare, the boys looked back at him confidently. Why is he looking at us? We didn’t do anything! Is he trying to sow discord between Mommy and us?
Asecond later, Jack looked away. Standing behind the boys, Estella hid her hands behind her back guiltily and played with her fingers. “What are you going to do now, Mr. Damaris? How about | send you back home?” Roxanne suggested.
“No need. I’ve already contacted the towing company. The driver will pick me up once they arrive, so I'll be staying here until then.”
“All right,” Roxanne responded, then began talking about work with him once more.
The children kept their eyes on the adults alertly from the side.
Sensing Archie's and Benny's gaze, Jack frowned as though he thought of something.
Then he pondered the matter further and realized he might've acted too antagonistically toward the two. Roxanne, perplexed by the strange changes in his expression, asked, “What's the matter?”
Jack recomposed himself and shook his head with a smile. “It’s nothing. I’m probably overthinking things.”
Despite his words, he was still visibly distracted when they resumed their conversation.
After the driver called Jack, Roxanne sent him out.
The children didn’t follow her.
Before he entered the car, Jack stopped, appearing as though he had something to say. Roxanne’s heart sank as she waited for him to speak.
“| have something I’m not sure if | should mention.” Jack sounded hesitant.
Roxanne nodded, hinting him to continue.
Jack furrowed his brows. “I want to preface that what I’m about to say doesn’t come from a place of animosity. However, for some reason, the children seem to have a very hostile attitude toward me. They’re likely the only people who had access to my car before my tire was punctured.”
Roxanne’s heart dropped violently. | do remember asking the children to play outside in the morning. They could have sabotaged his car during that period. And he’s right about the children’s antagonism toward him... 
###Chapter 1069
Chapter 1069
Chapter 1069 Mischievous
Roxanne’s thoughts were in disarray. Still, she defended the children against Jack’s accusation. “You're overthinking it, Mr. Damaris. There’s no way these young children can do something like this. Besides, you’re assuming they have the strength to pull this off, a strength that they may not possess.”
Jack smiled indifferently. “It was just a guess. Besides, as | said, I’m not harboring any animosity toward them. It'll be great if that’s not the case.” Roxanne forced a smile. After Jack left, she returned to the mansion with a complicated expression.
The children were huddled together, discussing Roxanne’s relationship with Jack and how they could force him to leave far away from her. They dispersed immediately when they saw Roxanne entering.
On her way back, she kept thinking about Jack’s words. Upon closing the door behind her, she sat next to the children. “Mommy.”
“Ms. Jarvis.” The children promptly gathered around her. Instead of responding to or looking at them, Roxanne lowered her eyes and asked, “Did you all know about Mr. Damaris’ punctured tire?”
The children nodded innocently because that was the first thing Jack had mentioned when he returned to the house. Roxanne studied the children’s expressions. “Do you know who did it, then?”
The children’s faces stiffened.
Pursing their lips, the boys answered, “We may not like Mr. Damaris, but we wouldn’t do something like that.” Suddenly, they recalled something. Their eyes glinted, and they quietly shielded Estella behind them.
However, Roxanne was only suspicious of her sons and not the girl.
“| don’t like dishonest children. I'll give you all one more chance. If you don’t tell me the truth, I'll check the surveillance footage. I'll be very upset if | discover you have been lying.”
Frowning, Archie grabbed his mother’s shirt. “We really didn’t do it, Mommy. Don’t check the surveillance footage.”
Benny chimed in, “The three of us were together. We didn’t do it!”
“I'm sorry. Please don’t be upset with me, Ms. Jarvis...” Estella piped up right then.
The girl panicked when she heard the last sentence Roxanne uttered because the only thing she was afraid of was getting resented by Roxanne.
Roxanne was stunned as she looked at Estella. The girl’s cheeks reddened as she teared up. She looked as though she would cry the next moment.
“It's all my fault. Please don’t be mad at Archie and Benny, Ms. Jarvis,” Estella sobbed. “I sneaked out and did it. They don’t know anything about it. | know what | did wrong now, so please don’t hate me, Ms. Jarvis...”
Roxanne was so astonished that she had no idea what to do. | suspected the boys to be behind this after what Jack told me. After all, they tend to be mischievous. | didn’t at all anticipate Essie to be responsible! My initial plan was to punish whoever was the culprit, but seeing how hard Essie is crying right now, | don’t think | can do it. Besides, | don’t have the right to either way. 
###Chapter 1070
Chapter 1070
Chapter 1070 Do Not Do Anything Bad
“It's our fault, Mommy. We didn’t keep a close eye on Essie.” The boys had already guessed the truth when their mother questioned them. Even though Estella had admitted to the offense, they still wanted to take the blame for her mistake. Roxanne did not know what to say as she watched the three of them protect each other.
| would’ve been contended to see them caring for each other in another situation, but they're covering for each other at the wrong time now. What do | do... Moments later, she suppressed her emotions and placed Estella on her thighs. “Tell me the truth, Essie. Did you do this by yourself or with the boys?”
As Estella had learned that Roxanne disliked dishonest children, she, of course, wasn’t going to lie. Besides, she never wanted to drag the brothers down with her either.
“I-I did it by myself...” she choked out. Roxanne nodded and wiped the girl’s tears away. “Why did you do it?” Even though the girl was crying intensely, she still answered the question, “Because | don’t like Mr. Damaris.”
It was the justification Roxanne expected but didn’t want to hear.
“When Mr. Damaris gifted you flowers, you accepted it. But when Daddy did it, you tried to return it to him. Also, you always argue with Daddy and rarely smile at him. Yet, you keep smiling at Mr. Damaris...” Estella listed everything she despised about Jack.
The more Roxanne listened to the girl, the lower her heart sank. I have no clue Essie is capable of such fierce jealousy at a young age, and it’s all because she’s very attached to me...
Estella tugged at Roxanne’s shirt pitifully and added, “I only want you to be with Daddy and become my mommy! Please don’t hate me, Ms. Jarvis!”
Feeling a little dumbstruck, Roxanne patted the girl’s head. She’s too attached to me.
“It's our fault, Mommy! If we hadn't spoken badly about Mr. Damaris, Essie wouldn’t have had a prejudice against him!” Archie and Benny pleaded on Estella’s behalf.
Roxanne sighed. “You two did do something wrong, but this has nothing to do with either of you.” The brothers knitted their eyebrows and stared at their mother. They didn’t want Estella to be punished.
Roxanne turned to look at Estella, whose face was wet with tears. “I know what you’re thinking, but this isn’t right. No matter how much you like or dislike someone, you can’t touch their stuff just because you want to. Destroying other people’s property is even worse. Do you understand?”
Estella hiccupped and nodded obediently.
Then Roxanne turned to the boys. “As for you two...” Archie and Benny straightened up.
“| know you care for Essie, but you can’t always cover for her. You must set good examples for her to follow. Don’t do anything bad, and don’t speak ill of others behind their backs,” Roxanne advised.
The brothers bobbed their heads and said, “We know what we did wrong now. It won’t happen again!”
Roxanne nodded and removed Estella from her embrace. “Now that you three know your mistakes, it’s time to accept your punishments.” 
###Chapter 1071
Chapter 1071
The children stood in line uneasily when they heard the word “punishment.” Solemnly, Roxanne swept her gaze past the three of them and remained quiet for a while. Then she pointed at the wall. “All of you will stand there for fifteen minutes.”
Although the boys were usually well-behaved, they had been punished before. They made their way to a corner and stood facing the wall. Estella moved exceptionally slowly.
When Roxanne saw that, she furrowed her eyebrows. Thinking that Estella still thought herself innocent, she urged, “You'll need to stand there longer if you walk this slow.”
Upon hearing that, the girl gathered the courage to turn back to Roxanne. Roxanne was puzzled. Is the punishment too severe? Is that why she’s looking at me?
Aggrievedly, Estella asked, “If | accept the punishment, will you still like me, Ms. Jarvis?”
The girl’s question melted Roxanne’s heart into a puddle. “If you learn from your mistake and don’t repeat them, I'll continue to like you, just as | always did.”
Playvolume00:00/00:00TruvidfullScreen,
Estella’s eyes lit up as she promised, “Okay, Ms. Jarvis! I'll definitely behave myself!” She quickened her pace and arrived next to the boys. “I’m sorry. It’s my fault for getting us punished.”
Archie and Benny shook their heads. “We're best friends, and best friends share the joys and sorrows in life together!” When she heard that, Roxanne wasn’t sure if she should laugh or cry.
Those in the know would know that they were being punished, but those not in the know would think they had done something incredible.
As Roxanne gazed at Estella’s back, she fell into deep thought. The punishment was something | came up with after careful deliberations. While | don’t think Lucian will consider my punishment a little too much, | still feel uncertain about it since | don’t technically have the right to educate his child. This is the best harmless solution | could conjure. When he arrives, | still need to explain the situation to him. Essie does tend to go to extremes. | wonder if it's because it’s her nature or a symptom of her autism. She'll require a psychologist’s intervention if it's the latter.
Fifteen minutes later, the children’s punishment was over.
Upon glancing at the time, Roxanne realized it was almost noon, yet Lucian still hadn’t shown up. When is he going to pick up Essie?
The children were similarly nervous.
Archie turned to Estella, looking serious. “Since Mr. Farwell hasn’t arrived, let’s play hide and seek!”
Her desire to play that game didn’t slip his mind.
When she heard that, she lowered her head apologetically at him. “I’m sorry for lying to you earlier, Archie. | just wanted to...” She had only used that excuse to hide her wrongdoing.
But after being lectured by Roxanne, she knew what she had done wrong
It was then Archie realized what she meant. Upon glancing at Roxanne, who was busying about in the kitchen, he turned back to Benny and Estella. “We still need to keep Mr. Damaris away from Mommy, but we can’t act rashly.”
The other two nodded in agreement. 
###Chapter 1072
Chapter 1072
Chapter 1072 Play Along
At noon, Roxanne had just finished preparing lunch when the doorbell rang. After two warnings from Jack that morning, Roxanne and the kids were now immune to the sound of the doorbell even though they knew it was most probably Lucian this time.
Roxanne set the table for the kids before she went to answer the door. As expected, Lucian was waiting outside. Roxanne opened the door, and he gave her a curt nod. “Where is Essie? I’m here to bring her home.”
He looked in the direction of the living room. When the children realized Lucian was here, they held their breaths and strained to listen to the faint sounds of his movements outside the door.
Upon hearing Estella’s name, the boys simultaneously turned their heads in her direction. Estella puffed her cheeks and met their eyes reluctantly.
According to their plan, she would have to follow Lucian back and try to convince him while the boys would be responsible for changing Roxanne’s mind.
That way, Lucian and Roxanne could make peace with one another soon. It was time to leave, but Estella couldn’t bear to part with Roxanne and the boys.
The little girl was feeling hesitant when Roxanne’s voice rang out. “Are you in a hurry? If you're not, you’re welcome to join us for lunch.”
Everyone's expressions changed drastically when they heard that.
The children were overjoyed when they heard Roxanne inviting Lucian to stay, while Lucian was uncertain what her invitation entailed.
Roxanne turned over her shoulder to glance at the dining room. She lowered her voice and said, “I need to talk to you about Essie.”
With that, she met Lucian’s gaze boldly.
Lucian furrowed his brows. He accepted her invitation and followed her into the dining room.
The children were excited at the sight of him entering, but they dared not express their exhilaration openly. Benny hung his head low to conceal his excitement.
This is great! It’s been a long time since Daddy and Mommy have sat down to enjoy a meal together. This means that their relationship has improved, right?
The children kept stealing glances at Roxanne and Lucian over lunch.
Roxanne had accurately predicted what the children were thinking. The realization caused her to look away as conflicting emotions swirled around in her heart.
Lucian could read the kids’ minds, too.
As the children continued to steal glances at them, he couldn’t help but become increasingly intrigued by Roxanne’s response. He subtly raised his head to get a better glimpse of her.
The mere sight of Roxanne diligently chowing down on her food caused his gaze to harden. Suddenly, he had no appetite whatsoever.
“I'm done.” Lucian put his fork down, his face devoid of expression.
“Daddy...” Estella thought he wanted to bring her home right now, so she grabbed his sleeves pleadingly. “Let’s go back home later!”
Lucian’s brows snapped together. He patted her head and assured her, “I need to talk to Ms. Jarvis. You can play a bit more with the boys.”
Roxanne had lowered her voice deliberately when she mentioned Estella’s name earlier, leading him to deduce that she wanted to keep her conversation with him a secret from the others.
It concerned his daughter, so Lucian was willing to play along with her. Estella had no idea what Lucian and Roxanne wanted to talk about.
However, relief washed over her when she realized she could spend a bit more time with Archie and Benny. She couldn’t help but crack a broad smile. 
###Chapter 1073
Chapter 1073
Chapter 1073 Any Problem with That
Roxanne felt extremely uncomfortable under Lucian’s penetrating gaze despite her valiant attempts to ignore him. When she heard his answer, she heaved a silent sigh of relief and put her fork down.
“Let's talk upstairs.” Turning to the children, she instructed, “Finish your lunch before you go off to play.”
Archie and Benny nodded vigorously. Roxanne rose to her feet and shot Lucian a look. Getting her hint, he complied by getting up and following her up the stairs.
They both came to a stop at the balcony on the second floor, one after another. Roxanne said nothing as she was wondering how she should start the conversation.
Even after Estella had admitted to her mistake and apologized, she still couldn’t believe that the little girl was capable of committing such an action.
Naturally, Lucian would not believe her, as he loved Estella dearly.
If she were to reveal the truth bluntly, Lucian would most probably think she was trying to blame Estella for something the little girl didn’t do.
She remained silent for a long time, causing Lucian’s expression to turn as dark as thunder. “Ms. Jarvis, what is this about?” Roxanne snapped out of her reverie. She parted her lips but had no idea how to start. Lucian’s brows furrowed. “Don’t tell me you tricked me just so Essie could stay for a bit longer.”
His words reminded Roxanne of the time when he had thought it was her idea for Archie and Benny to sneak into the Farwell residence.
She didn’t manage to clear things up back then. If he continued to misunderstand her this time, she would never regain his trust.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne frowned and said, “Essie is your daughter, so she needs to go back home with you anyhow. Why would | resort to tricks to make her stay?”
Lucian cast her a suspicious look. “Then speak. What is it?”
Roxanne took a deep breath before meeting his eyes. “I believe Essie grew up by your side, right?” Lucian didn’t respond for some time.
Roxanne noticed his expression changing.
She might be wrong, but she saw a hint of mockery on his face that was directed at her.
She was momentarily stunned by that.
| merely asked him if Essie grew up with him, as | wanted to know if he knows Essie’s character well. Why is he mad at me? The confusion on her face only served to upset Lucian even more.
She’s Essie’s birth mother, but she never participated in her childhood. How dare she ask me that question?
Despite knowing it was a misunderstanding, Lucian couldn’t help but fume silently.
It took him a while before he replied stiffly, “Yes. Any problem with that?”
Roxanne gathered her thoughts, as she could sense the tension in the air. She carefully asked the next question. “Then what do you think about Essie’s character?”
Lucian replied calmly, “Essie has always been a good girl.” Roxanne knitted her brows, seemingly displeased by his answer. Lucian never looked away from her, so he naturally noticed the change in her expression, which increased his fury.
“What do you think, Ms. Jarvis? Essie was diagnosed with autism at a young age, so | believe you’ve seen her when she was. sick. What do you think someone like her would be like?” 
###Chapter 1074
Chapter 1074
Chapter 1074 Blame
Roxanne had not explained it clearly, but Lucian could infer what the issue was about.
Essie must've done something that upset her, so she wants to confront me!
Roxanne could sense the change in his emotions clearly as the surrounding temperature kept dropping. She instinctively stepped back to maintain a distance from Lucian.
Upset with her thoughts about Estella, Lucian moved closer to her with an inquisitive gaze.
As the gap between them closed, Roxanne dug her nails into her palms and willed herself to remain calm so they could continue their conversation. “I think Essie is a bit stubborn. It may be because she has autism, but she can’t express her emotions clearly.”
Hearing that, Lucian finally halted in his tracks. Estella tended to be stubborn, and he knew that. However, he had never pondered over it.
Estella was particularly stubborn when it came to Roxanne. She refused to listen to anyone else, and as a result, her condition would worsen.
Yet, she would get better swiftly if she got to spend time with Roxanne. How does Roxanne know about this? Frowning, Lucian asked, “Why did you say that?”
Roxanne turned around and looked downstairs. From her position, she could see the spot where Jack had parked his car that morning. She could even visualize how Estella had done that in her mind.
Roxanne related the story to him. “Yesterday, | was supposed to have a medical consultation with Mr. Damaris. | had to take a day off because | needed to take care of Essie. Mr. Damaris was worried and came to visit me this morning with a bouquet of flowers. Essie misunderstood our relationship and punctured one of Mr. Damaris’ car tires.”
Having said that, she let out a helpless sigh. Lucian followed her gaze, and his eyes immediately turned dark when he heard her mention Jack’s name. “Do you have evidence to prove that Essie punctured Mr. Damaris’ car tire? Or did you trust his words alone?”
Of course, he trusted Estella unconditionally.
Lucian couldn't imagine Estella doing such a deed when she was autistic. The only possibility was that Roxanne had chosen to believe Jack’s version of the story and wrongly blamed Estella. Lucian felt a stab of anger at that thought.
Roxanne was surprised. “Mr. Farwell, | understand that you have misunderstood my relationship with Mr. Damaris, but | have always treated Essie equally to Archie and Benny. Why would | accuse her falsely?”
Even if it wasn’t Estella, Roxanne wouldn’t blame any other child for something they didn’t do.
She took a deep breath and continued, “Mr. Farwell, this may be difficult for you to accept, but Essie confessed to it. | didn’t believe it at first, but it's true.”
Lucian’s expression was icy cool as he scrutinized her.
Roxanne met his gaze calmly. “I don’t want Essie to recount the incident. If you don’t believe me, we can go check the surveillance footage.”
It was pretty obvious by now that she was telling the truth, so Lucian chose to trust her.
He frowned and looked away from Roxanne, his thoughts a mystery to those around him. 
###Chapter 1075
Chapter 1075
Chapter 1075 No Longer Related
Roxanne knew Lucian finally believed her, so she broke the silence, her voice calm and gentle. “This is not a confrontation. I’m just worried about Essie’s well-being. If it's her autism that causes her to be this extreme, | hope you can help her by taking her to see a professional for support and guidance.”
She had assumed that Lucian would consider her suggestion, but Lucian immediately responded curtly, “I don’t think there’s anything wrong with what Essie did.”
Roxanne froze in shock. Estella damaged someone else’s property at a young age, yet Lucian thinks she didn’t do anything wrong? For a moment, Roxanne doubted herself and wondered if she was wrong.
Estella did that not because of her autism or her innate personality. She did that because Lucian taught her to. Could that be the reason?
Roxanne tried to reason with Lucian. “Even if she’s a child, she should understand that it’s wrong to touch someone else’s property. It’s a car tire, on top of that. The consequences of a punctured tire can be severe. It can even lead to accidents and injuries!” She stared at him incredulously. “Do you still think Essie didn’t do anything wrong?”
Lucian met her gaze calmly. “This is a simple concept that even a child can understand. Don’t tell me Mr. Damaris cannot grasp this.”
His words brought a frown to Roxanne’s face. She couldn’t understand what he was referring to. Is Lucian saying that Jack touched someone else’s property? What could it be?
Suddenly, a shocking answer emerged in Roxanne’s heart.
She shot him a startled look before averting her gaze in panic.
Lucian continued looking at her calmly. “No matter what my opinion is, Essie has always considered you as her mother. I’m sure you're aware of that.”
Roxanne hung her head low, as she couldn't refute his words.
Indeed, Estella was very attached to her. The young girl had mentioned more than once that she wished Roxanne could be her mother.
Roxanne was aware of Estella’s wish but was not ready to face it. Now that Lucian had pointed it out, she felt guilty.
“Essie thinks you treat her well and that you will be her mother one day by marrying me.” Lucian stepped closer to her. “So in her eyes, Jack has touched someone who belongs to me. Isn't that right?”
Roxanne instinctively took a step back as conflict swirled in her heart.
She had to admit that Lucian’s words had nearly caused a tsunami in her heart.
“Please don’t overstep your boundaries, Mr. Farwell.” Roxanne forced herself to remain calm by digging her nails into her palm. It was uncertain who her words were meant for. “We are no longer related, so that is not a justification for Essie to do as she pleases.”
Lucian merely let out a snort.
Roxanne felt her heart leap to her throat as she looked up and met his eyes. She might be wrong, but there seemed to be a hint of mockery in Lucian’s eyes. Puzzled, Roxanne creased her brows and stepped back again.
She belatedly realized what she was doing and forced herself to come to a stop.
This is strange. | was the one who came to Lucian to talk about Essie’s condition, but he ended up forcing me into a corner as though | was the one at fault. 
###Chapter 1076
Chapter 1076
Chapter 1076 Become Her Mother “No longer related?” The sarcasm in Lucian’s eyes intensified. “This is all wishful thinking on your part.”
Roxanne’s frown deepened. I’m stating the facts! Why is that wishful thinking? It was Lucian who used me all the while, and now he’s with Aubree. How are we related to each other now?
As though reading her mind, Lucian said icily, “You may be right, but do you think Essie will give up on you when you treat her this well?”
Roxanne was left speechless.
Lucian concluded, “You are responsible for giving her false hope, which led to her committing that act, and you don’t even know that.”
Hearing that, Roxanne couldn’t stop doubting herself.
He’s right. | keep saying | want to sever ties with him, but when Essie cries, | can’t help but feel guilty and give in and shower my love on her. When she’s around, Lucian and | will inevitably have to interact. According to Lucian, Essie committed that act because of me...
Awhile later, Roxanne finally found her voice. “If that’s the case, I'll do what you and Mrs. Farwell want. | won't interfere in Essie’s matters anymore.”
Lucian found her act of showing concern for Estella to be insincere just a moment ago.
But now, hearing her agree to give up on Estella so easily, he couldn't help but feel anger rising within him. Roxanne was sensitive enough to sense the change in his emotions.
However, she couldn’t figure out why.
Before she could ponder over the matter, Lucian suddenly loomed over her.
Roxanne’s head snapped up warily. “What are you doing?”
Right after she spoke, Lucian held her chin and forced her to meet his eyes.
Their faces were so close to each other that she could feel his breath on her cheeks. In fact, they looked to be in an intimate position.
Roxanne balled her fists. “Mr. Farwell, what are you doing? Let me go! | have agreed to do as you wish!” The more she spoke, the more enraged Lucian became, and the more forcefully he held her chin.
Roxanne frowned in pain.
“Do as | wish?” Lucian regarded her coldly. “You do things as you wish. Who do you think you are?” Shock flashed across Roxanne’s eyes. She parted her lips but had no words to retort. Indeed, she had always had her way when it came to decisions concerning Estella.
Before she had the chance to piece together her thoughts to confirm that it was all Estella’s idea, Lucian suggested, “Ms. Jarvis, if you’re so keen on getting involved in Essie’s affairs, why don’t you take it a step further and become her mother?”
His face inched nearer to her once he said that. Roxanne’s eyes turned as wide as saucers. Before she could speak, the man covered her lips with his. “Mm!” She struggled to free herself.
The children are downstairs and can come up any minute. What if they see us kissing? Lucian is clearly together with Aubree. What is he doing right now? 
###Chapter 1077
Chapter 1077
Chapter 1077 Hit Me
Lucian deepened the kiss, causing Roxanne to turn breathless. However, she couldn't free herself from his grip. A wave of fury crashed through Roxanne as she raised her arm abruptly. Lucian stopped kissing her and pulled away from her.
Roxanne’s cheeks were flushed, but he seemed unfazed as though nothing had happened. She remained in a trance, her arm still lifted and her eyes glassy. “Why?” Lucian sneered. “Were you trying to hit me, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne snapped out of her reverie and was about to retract her hand when an anxious but young voice cried out beside her, “No! Ms. Jarvis, don’t hit Daddy!”
Estella’s cheeks were flushed red with anxiety as she ran toward them and wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s legs. She tugged hard, desperately trying to pull Roxanne away.
Roxanne felt her mind go blank when Estella showed up out of nowhere. When did Essie show up? Did she see us kissing? Estella didn’t see them kiss. All she saw was Roxanne raising her arm as though she were about to slap Lucian.
“Ms. Jarvis, Daddy didn’t make you angry on purpose. Don't hit him!” Estella pleaded as she clung to Roxanne’s legs and gazed at her pitifully.
It had been a while since Lucian followed Roxanne upstairs.
The children had finished their lunch and were sitting downstairs, but they had yet to start playing.
Remembering that the adults were still in a disagreement, they couldn't help but wonder what the adults were discussing. Estella clenched her fists as anxiety spread across her heart.
Daddy keeps making Ms. Jarvis angry. They are already at odds, so what if he says the wrong thing to anger her again?
The more she thought about it, the more distressed she was. Unable to stay put any longer, she decided to go upstairs to see what was happening between the adults.
Upon arriving upstairs, Estella immediately noticed Roxanne with her arm raised. The latter looked as if she was about to strike Lucian.
The next second, she heard Lucian ask Roxanne if she wanted to hit him.
Fear coursed through Estella’s entire being. She feared that Lucian had once again angered Roxanne, so she raced over to apologize on his behalf.
Seeing that the child was on the brink of tears, Roxanne felt her heart soften. She put her arm down and said gently, “I wasn’t going to hit him, Essie. Don’t be scared.”
She knelt down to meet Estella’s eyes apologetically. It was obvious Estella had a shock. Estella’s eyes were red. “B-But...”
She carefully looked at the hand Roxanne had just put down.
Sensing her gaze, Roxanne clenched her fingers and fought back the urge to hide her hand behind her back.
Right then, Lucian’s icy voice echoed above them. “Ms. Jarvis, why won’t you tell her the truth? Did you really not have the urge to hit me a while ago?”
Roxanne stiffened and whipped her head up to glance at him in disbelief. What is he talking about? Does he want me to tell Essie about our kiss? Lucian did not say anything else.
However, Estella was strung along by his words. She gripped the edge of Roxanne’s clothes. “Ms. Jarvis, don’t blame Daddy, please?”
Her voice was quivering as she struggled to contain her tears. “It was all Daddy’s fault. Ms. Jarvis, if you’re mad at him, | can teach him a lesson on your behalf. But please don’t hit him.”
Lucian’s calculated speech and Estella’s choking voice gave Roxanne a migraine. 
###Chapter 1078
Chapter 1078
Chapter 1078 An Insult Tears streamed down Estella’s face as she sobbed, “Ms. Jarvis, please forgive Daddy!” Roxanne’s eyes flickered.
She had just promised to stay out of Estella’s matters, but the little girl’s tears nearly caused her to go back on her word. A brief hesitation later, she reached out to wipe Estella’s tears away.
“Essie, don’t cry. Roxanne had wanted to explain that she wasn’t mad at Lucian, but after remembering what he had said earlier, she couldn't bring herself to say that aloud.
As she began to speak, Lucian raised an eyebrow and appeared eager to hear her words. However, she left her sentence unfinished even after he waited for a while.
Lucian’s face turned as dark as thunder, while Estella’s cries grew louder.
Roxanne opened her mouth wordlessly. She felt sorry for Estella and looked up at Lucian, signaling for him to comfort Estella. The moment she did so, she spotted the blazing fury in his eyes.
When their eyes met, Roxanne felt her heart skip a beat.
“That’s it. Essie, come. Let's go home.”
Lucian looked away and bent down to take Estella’s hand.
Estella was already flustered by their fight. Hearing her father’s tone, she knew their disagreement had escalated.
She began crying her lungs out.
Archie and Benny ran up the stairs hastily. “What's wrong, Essie?”
Roxanne’s stress levels had already been pushed to their limit by Lucian and Estella. The boys’ arrival was the last thing she needed.
She closed her eyes and rubbed her temples, trying to remain calm as she spoke in a soft voice. “It’s nothing. You guys wait downstairs.”
Confusion crossed the boys’ faces. However, they nodded obediently and trotted down the stairs, as Roxanne’s expression was grim.
Roxanne confronted Lucian. “What was that, Mr. Farwell? Even if you want Essie to sever ties with me, this isn’t the way to go about it!”
Lucian averted his gaze, his features unreadable. “You agreed to cut ties with Essie, so how it happened doesn’t matter, right?” With that, he spun around and strode down the stairs with Estella in his arms. “Lucian!” Roxanne yelled.
For some reason, she felt that the man seemed decisive as she watched him walk away.
He was acting as if they were strangers.
To be exact, he made it seem as though they were sworn enemies.
Something told Roxanne if she were to let them leave, she might not see them again in the future.
That was what she had always wanted, but now that the moment had arrived, she felt a sharp pang in her heart.
Downstairs, Lucian halted in his tracks as she wished and turned over his shoulder. His voice dripped with disdain as he asked, “Ms. Jarvis, is there anything else you need?”
Before she could answer, he continued mockingly, “Don’t tell me you changed your mind and want to interfere in Essie’s matters again. If that’s the case, you should consider my suggestion.”
Adeep line appeared between Roxanne’s brows when she heard his words.
His suggestion is the same as his previous ones. He wants me to be Essie’s mother. This time, however, he didn’t mention Aubree’s name. This is obviously an insult!
His composed attitude made her clench her fists and suppress her anger. 
###Chapter 1079
Chapter 1079
Chapter 1079 | Must Stop Crying “Why are you upset? Did | say something wrong?” Roxanne forced herself to stay calm and looked at him.
She did want to break off ties with the Farwell family, but this wasn’t how she expected it to happen. If | do nothing to stop him from bringing Essie away, no one knows what he'll tell her back home.
Seeing that she didn’t seem to know her mistake, Lucian frowned angrily. “How are you wrong? Didn’t Essie make it clear? It was my fault.”
With that, he turned to leave. Roxanne gritted her teeth. It was obvious he said that out of anger, so she couldn’t let him leave in this state.
Lucian was already downstairs when Roxanne finally made up her mind. She quickened her steps and grabbed his sleeves. As she approached, Estella’s cries grew quieter.
Lucian glanced at her hand gripping his sleeve with his dark and inscrutable gaze.
| wonder what she will say.
Roxanne’s instincts acted faster than her mind. She stopped him but could not find the words to make him stay. “If you have nothing to say, please release me, Ms. Jarvis,” Lucian said coldly.
Roxanne was taken aback, as it was a familiar scenario to her.
Previously, she would do the same thing to Lucian whenever he tried to make her stay.
It seemed that they had exchanged roles today, and she was the one getting pushed away.
Roxanne didn’t know how to feel about that.
“Don't act recklessly. Let’s sit down and talk,” she said weakly a while later.
That seemed to spark Lucian’s anger again. He held Estella with one hand and used his other hand to shove her hand away from his sleeve.
“We have nothing to talk about. Ms. Jarvis, please remember your promise earlier.”
He then turned around to leave without hesitation.
Roxanne stretched her arm out weakly but did not have the courage to call his name again.
Estella also seemed to know that her father wouldn't relent no matter what she did.
At that realization, she was overwhelmed with sorrow. Tears welled up in her eyes, and her vision turned blurry. Archie and Benny were waiting quietly downstairs.
Their hearts sank when they noticed Lucian’s expression.
Oh, no. Daddy and Mommy are fighting again. It looks like we have to work harder!
The boys watched silently as Lucian strode past them with Estella in his arms.
Estella’s eyes were wet with tears, so it was obvious she had cried a lot.
The boys felt bad for her, but they didn’t forget to mouth the words: Don’t cry! Let’s work hard together!
They gestured for her to wipe off her tears.
Estella pouted unhappily but bobbed her head and raised her hand to wipe off her tears obediently.
We've made a pact. If Daddy and Ms. Jarvis cannot reconcile, we'll have to work hard to make that happen! | must stop crying! Lucian sensed her breathing calming down and frowned in confusion.
After all, it was the first time Estella had stopped crying or kicking up a fuss when he brought her away from Roxanne.
Is Essie losing control of her tears again?
Lucian’s expression darkened when the thought of that possibility crossed his mind. He turned Estella around and observed her carefully.
There were tear stains on Estella’s face, but she was no longer crying. Sensing his gaze, she gave him a tremulous smile.
Lucian’s confusion heightened as he wondered what happened during Estella’s stay at Roxanne’s place. 
###Chapter 1080
Chapter 1080
Chapter 1080 Thank You Darlings:
The sound of the door downstairs being opened and closed was heard. Roxanne froze where she stood as she glanced at her empty hands. Lucian is gone just like that...
She rushed out to the balcony and looked down and managed to catch a glimpse of Lucian carrying Estella to the car before their car slowly pulled away from the mansion. Roxanne felt inexplicably aggrieved as she watched their car gradually disappear from sight.
All | wanted was to discuss with him the issues with Estella’s character, so how did the matter take such an unexpected turn? If we were to never see each other again, wouldn’t Estella’s final impression of me be terrible?
By the time she regained her senses, her cheeks were already wet with tears. Archie and Benny, who had been waiting for their mother downstairs, went up to check on her when they didn’t see her come down.
The moment they came upstairs, they were greeted by the sight of Roxanne standing on the balcony with her back facing them. For some reason, they could sense the sadness just by looking at her silhouette.
“Mommy?” Benny called out warily.
Roxanne didn’t respond at all as if she didn’t hear a thing.
The boys, upon exchanging a glance, ran up to her side, where Archie gave her sleeve a tug.
His gesture jolted Roxanne back to her senses. Surprised by the sight of her sons, who had arrived unnoticed, she frantically wiped her tears away with her hands.
Unfortunately, it didn’t escape the boys’ notice.
“Mommy, are you crying?” Benny looked up with an anxious expression.
Realizing that it was too late, Roxanne sighed in resignation as she squatted down. “Why did you come up?”
As she spoke, the tears in her eyes continued to flow uncontrollably. The sight of the boys reminded her of Estella.
Archie extended his hand to wipe her tears away. “We were concerned when you didn’t come down, so we decided to check on you. Mommy, are you worried about Essie?”
Smiling at Archie through the tears that clouded her vision, Roxanne choked out, “I’m fine. Sorry to have made you boys worry.” Benny comforted her anxiously, “Don’t cry, Mommy. Even Essie didn’t shed tears when she left just now.”
There was a glint in Roxanne’s eyes when she heard that.
Essie didn’t cry? | clearly saw her tears just now.
Noticing the suspicion on Roxanne’s face, Archie said in a childish voice, “Essie told us she would definitely come and play with us again!”
Thereafter, the boys gave Roxanne a long hug to comfort her, and only then did Roxanne regain her composure.
“Am |... not nice to Essie?” Roxanne asked hesitantly after a long pause.
The boys were surprised by her words. “Mommy, no one treats her better than you do!”
Daddy and Grandma don’t concern themselves with Essie’s feelings. Only Mommy cares about what she thinks.
Moreover, the boys could see that Roxanne treated Estella the same way as she did to them even though she didn’t admit it. The love she has for Essie is on par with the love she has for us!
“This is all our fault. Not only did we not set a good example, but we also failed in taking good care of her.”
“Mommy, we’re the ones to blame!”
Roxanne pulled the boys into her arms and expressed her gratitude in a raspy voice. “Thank you, Darlings.” 
###Chapter 1081
Chapter 1081
Chapter 1081 Certain Matters Cannot Be Forced
Meanwhile, on the way back to the Farwell residence, Lucian would glance in the rear-view mirror intermittently. He saw Estella sitting obediently in the back and would sniffle once in a while. However, she did not look as if she would cry again.
She was reacting very differently from when she previously left Roxanne. Lucian couldn't help but be unsettled by her behavior, thinking that she had suffered some kind of shock.
Ashort while later, he said in a grim voice, “Go ahead and cry if you feel like it.” Estella pouted as she lowered her gaze and fiddled with her fingers.
Hearing no response, Lucian was about to turn around when suddenly her voice rang out. “Daddy, did Ms. Jarvis really want to hit you just now?”
Estella tilted her head as she looked to Lucian for answers. After all, she had been dwelling on the topic for the entire journey. Although Ms. Jarvis was angry at Daddy at times, she has never hit him before. It must have been a misunderstanding! Lucian recalled the kiss on the balcony. Now that he thought about it, he couldn’t help but regret his impulsiveness.
However, he still couldn’t shake the anger he felt over how she saw Jack.
While he was lost in his thoughts, Estella continued, “Why did she try to scare you this way?”
From her perspective, Roxanne was just trying to frighten Lucian even though there was no chance of success given how tall and well-built her father was.
Lucian cocked a brow at her words, and a headache set in.
From the rearview mirror, he could see the earnest look in her eyes.
Upon deliberation, he answered grimly, “It’s true that there’s been a misunderstanding, but it isn’t what you think.” Estella’s curiosity intensified. “Then what is it?”
Of course, Lucian would not tell her about the kiss. “It's a private matter between Ms. Jarvis and me.”
Hearing that, Estella accepted the fact that Lucian would never tell her.
After a brief silence, she asked again. “In that case, Daddy, please don’t be mad at Ms. Jarvis anymore, all right?”
Furrowing his brows, Lucian pondered upon the matter. In the end, he decided to use the opportunity to break the news to Estella that he and Roxanne would never be together.
It was imperative to do so because Estella had yet to give up.
The longer he allowed her to have expectations, the greater her disappointment would be in the future.
Lucian threw Estella a glance through the rearview mirror. “I’m not mad at her.”
Estella’s eyes lit up.
Then she heard her father continue, “After all, we’ll probably not see each other again.”
Estella was momentarily stunned. Her eyes gradually darkened. “Why?”
Worried that the news would come as a shock, Lucian said in a softer tone, “Ms. Jarvis has her own family to attend to, and the boys have their own father. It wouldn’t be appropriate for us to keep bothering them.”
Besides, | will have my own family in the future too.
“But...”
Estella gave Lucian a defiant look.
Didn’t Daddy say that he would pursue Mrs. Farwell previously?
“| didn’t give the matter proper thought before. Now that | have, | realized that there are certain matters that can’t be forced.” Lucian preempted what she was about to say.
Once he finished, he looked into the rearview mirror to observe her response.
All he saw was a sad frown on her face.
The fact that she didn’t cry at all came as a surprise to him. 
###Chapter 1082
Chapter 1082
Chapter 1082 | Will Not See Her Ever Again Upon hearing her father’s words, Estella pursed her lips tightly as she desperately held back her tears.
| can’t cry! If Daddy and Ms. Jarvis have fallen out with each other, | will definitely not be able to see her anymore. It’s up to me alone to help them reconcile.
In that instant, Estella remembered the boys’ advice to her—strive to grow stronger. Throughout the journey home, Estella did not shed a single tear.
When Lucian carried her out of the car upon their arrival, he was surprised by the look on her face. Despite looking as if she would burst into tears any second, she was tenaciously holding them back.
Lucian wondered what had caused such a big change in her. When he tried to hold her hand, expecting her to refuse, Estella obediently let him hold it.
Filled with complicated emotions, Lucian led Estella back into the mansion. The moment they entered, they saw Sonya, whose face was contorted, seated on the couch.
“If you had come back any later, | would've gone to pick Essie up myself!”
Sonya glared at her son before shifting her gaze toward Estella. “Essie, come here and give Grandma a hug.” Even though Estella had changed a lot, the fear she had for Sonya didn’t diminish one bit.
Sonya’s words caused her to hide meekly behind Lucian.
Lucian called out to Catalina, “Take Essie upstairs.”
Catalina let out a quiet sigh of relief before leaning over to hold Estella’s hand.
Sympathizing with the pitiful look on Estella’s face, Catalina urged her in a gentle tone, “Let’s go, Ms. Estella.”
Estella grabbed Catalina’s hand without any hesitation and leaned against the latter for support as they headed upstairs together.
The sight of the two leaving silhouettes only served to intensify the scowl on Sonya’s face.
“For goodness’ sake, I’m Essie’s grandma. Why has it come to this? It’s one thing for her to be close to Roxanne; and now, she’s even closer to the help than me! Look at how Roxanne has brainwashed her!”
The expressionless Lucian sat down in the armchair beside her before pouring each of them a glass of water, while Sonya watched him with a sullen look on her face.
“Essie was raised by Catalina, so it’s normal for Essie to feel attached to her.” Lucian spoke in a grim voice after having a drink.
Sonya sneered, “What about Roxanne? Has she ever spent a second raising her?” Lucian calmly locked gazes with his mother. “There’s no need to mention her anymore. Essie will not see her ever again.” Sonya knitted her brows in disbelief. “What did you just say?”
Despite my repeated persuasion, | have failed to get them to stay away from Roxanne, so what’s going on now? Why is he saying that they won’t be seeing each other ever again out of nowhere?
Retracting his gaze, Lucian repeated in an indifferent tone, “| have made it clear to her that we have nothing to do with each other going forward. There will be no reason to see each other anymore.”
Only after Sonya heard her son’s firm answer did she breathe a sigh of relief.
“| told you from the very beginning to keep your distance from her. If only you had listened to me early on, Essie wouldn’t have turned out this way!”
Lucian’s brows furrowed. “Stop bringing her up already and don’t link her to Essie anymore!” 
###Chapter 1083
Chapter 1083
Chapter 1083 Spend More Time Together
Sonya scrutinized him for a while, for she knew how enamored her son was with Roxanne. In fact, both of them had argued frequently over the latter.
Now that Lucian was speaking so coldly about Roxanne, Sonya couldn’t help but suspect that this was all just an act.
It wasn’t until it dawned on her he was telling the truth that a smile descended upon her face. “It’s still not too late to change your mind now.” Lucian simply threw her a glance without comment.
“Now that you have come to your senses, you might as well continue the engagement with Aubree since it has yet to be canceled. Just remember not to let her down again,” Sonya said patiently. “I don’t deny that she has made many mistakes in the past, but now that she’s sorry and has turned over a new leaf, you shouldn't hold a grudge against her. She’s not someone bad at heart.”
Lucian frowned at Sonya’s attempt to help Aubree. “I promised Essie to only marry the person she likes.”
Surprisingly, Sonya was unfazed by the comment. “That’s easy. Just let Essie spend more time with Aubree. Aubree is fond of her. It’s just that you never allowed them the opportunity to interact with each other.”
Lucian still felt hesitant, for he hadn’t forgotten how Aubree had struck Estella the last time.
“| know that you're still concerned about what Aubree did, but she did it for Essie’s own good. She regretted what she did after that and wanted to make it up to Essie, but she didn’t get the chance to do so. No matter what, Aubree has waited years for you, and her feelings for you are true. She will definitely not mistreat Essie out of respect for you.”
The words left Lucian no room to refute them. It was true that his engagement with Aubree had gone on for six years. Regardless of how he tried to delay it, she had never once mentioned annulling the engagement.
As for her feelings, Lucian was well aware of them. He just wasn’t bothered about anyone else when he only had eyes for Roxanne.
Now that they no longer had a future together, he figured that it would be worth giving Aubree a shot.
With that thought in mind, Lucian nodded at his mother. “I know. I’ll give it some serious consideration.”
Sonya was about to continue convincing him when she was caught by surprise by how readily he acceded to her wishes. It even took her a few seconds to regain her senses. “I’m glad you have seen the light.”
“But whether the engagement will turn into a wedding will still depend on Essie.”
Given that he had let her down once, there was no way he was going to marry a woman she disapproved of.
Sonya, despite his words, was just glad that Lucian no longer reacted stubbornly when it came to Roxanne. She was also confident in Aubree.
“Fine. | believe Aubree will grow on Essie once both of them spend more time together.”
Lucian remained silent, while Sonya was already brimming with elation.
Her initial intention of coming over was to see whether Lucian had brought Estella back.
Little did she expect such a delightful turn of events.
“All right, I’m going off now. You should go talk to Essie.” Before Sonya left in satisfaction, she reminded him, “Now that you’ve made up your mind, remember to spend some time with Aubree and allow her to interact with Essie. Don’t repeat your past mistake of hurting her.”
Lucian nodded flatly in acknowledgment. 
###Chapter 1084
Chapter 1084
Chapter 1084 Do Not Kick Up a Fuss After escorting Sonya out, Lucian headed upstairs to check on Estella since she was obviously out of sorts upon returning home.
Catalina was by Estella’s side upstairs. At the sight of Lucian, she prudently came out of the bedroom. Standing by the bedroom door, Lucian asked in concern, “How's Essie?”
Catalina replied in a low voice, “She’s been behaving. I’m not sure what’s going through her mind, but she didn’t cry or throw a tantrum.” Lucian nodded in acknowledgment before entering the bedroom.
It was just as Catalina had said. Estella looked distracted and didn’t even notice him coming in. Lucian walked up to her and gave her hair a gentle tousle. “What are you thinking about?”
Estella was racking her brains on how to placate her father so that he would continue pursuing Roxanne. Looking up frantically, she greeted him, “D-Daddy.”
Lucian sat down beside her. “Are you angry that | brought you home from Ms. Jarvis’?” Estella nodded with her lips pursed. “Then why aren’t you crying?” Lucian arched a brow. “Because—”
She was just about to speak when she realized that her plan would fail if she were to share it with Lucian. In fact, he might even stop her from keeping in touch with the brothers.
Estella quickly covered her mouth with her hands, refusing to say another word. “You can’t tell me?” A hint of suspicion flashed across Lucian’s eyes.
Hands over her mouth, Estella nodded vigorously. Lucian didn’t pursue the matter. Instead, he inquired about her relationship with Sonya.
“Anyway, why are you mad at Grandma?” It was then that Estella finally removed her hands.
| have not told him about how Grandma threatened me. On top of that, I’m angry at Grandma for stopping me from spending time together with Ms. Jarvis and the brothers. Let’s not forget that she also ed to Daddy and Ms. Jarvis being together.
The more she thought about it, the angrier she was. Taking in Estella’s expression, Lucian was all the more confused. It seems Essie harbors a deep grudge against Mom.
Having finally decided on what to say, Estella said in a piping voice, “Because... Grandma is very fierce!” She couldn’t have sounded any more pitiful.
The answer didn’t come as a surprise to Lucian, for he was well aware of Sonya’s attempts of trying to keep Estella and him away from Roxanne all this while.
However, he could still tell that wasn’t the only reason for Estella’s resentment toward Sonya.
He didn’t inquire further since Estella didn’t seem keen on talking about it. All that mattered was for her to calm down. He gradually got to his feet and stroked her head. “I understand. I'll talk to Grandma about it.”
Just as he was about to leave, Lucian turned around after remembering something. “For the next two days, I’ll get Ms. Pearson to spend time with you. Remember to behave and don’t kick up a fuss.”
Lucian closed the door, giving Estella no chance to protest. Inside the bedroom, Estella’s face fell.
| only want Daddy to be with Ms. Jarvis and not that nasty woman. 
###Chapter 1085
Chapter 1085
Chapter 1085 Devoid of Peace
Upon emerging from Estella’s room, Lucian went straight to his study. He had initially planned to do some work but felt restless as Sonya’s words continued to linger in his mind.
It's true that Essie does need a mom. If Aubree can really change her attitude toward Essie so that Essie accepts her, | don’t mind marrying her.
After going through his troubled thoughts, Lucian gave Aubree a call. Aubree had just gotten off the phone with Sonya and was waiting excitedly for Lucian’s call.
Little did she expect him to ring her in less than ten minutes. She tried her best to regain her composure before answering her phone. “Lucian, I’m surprised that you called.”
She suppressed the delight in her voice so that she sounded a lot calmer. Lucian didn’t suspect anything at all. “Are you free?”
Sensing something was up, Aubree felt her throat tighten. “Yes... What’s up?” “If you have time, come over to the manor for a chat.” Lucian spoke in a monotonous tone.
His invitation caused Aubree to clench her phone as she agreed without hesitation, “Sure, I'll go over right away!” Lucian hummed in acknowledgment before ending the call.
Thereafter, he massaged his forehead and stood before the full-length window. Aubree’s response had given him much food for thought.
It seems she still has feelings for me. However, it’s still too early to say if Essie will accept her. After quickly getting herself ready, Aubree anxiously got the driver to send her to the Farwell residence.
The car gradually came to a halt at the entrance in less than half an hour. Alighting nervously, she then gave herself a look in the mirror before stepping out and ringing the doorbell.
Inside the mansion, Catalina reported Aubree’s arrival to Lucian after seeing who it was through the intercom. “Mr. Farwell, Ms. Pearson is here. Shall | let her in?”
Lucian turned to look at her. “I told her to come.” Catalina’s heart sank. She snuck a glance at Lucian before averting her gaze quickly. “A-All right... I'll go get the door.”
Aubree waited for a long while at the manor entrance before the main gate was finally opened. With a discreet knit of her brows, Aubree easily guessed who it was who took such a long time to open the gate. “Ms. Pearson,” Catalina greeted as Aubree strode in.
Aubree glared at her and replied in a hostile tone, “Catalina, don’t forget that I’m a guest of Lucian!”
Her words also served as a warning.
Catalina hung her head low and informed Aubree in a cordial tone, “Mr. Farwell is waiting for you upstairs.” Aubree brushed Catalina’s shoulder forcefully as she walked past her.
Catalina turned sideways in silence, her heart heavy.
Guessing what Lucian’s decision was, she could foresee that the home would soon be devoid of peace.
As Aubree ascended the steps, she continued to give Catalina a look of displeasure.
The day | become Mrs. Farwell, she'll be the first person | fire! She has only been working here for two years, yet she thinks highly of herself! 
###Chapter 1086
Chapter 1086
Chapter 1086 Give You Time
Catalina didn’t close the door when she went down. Aubree saw Lucian standing in his study upon making her way up. “Lucian, I'm here.”
Aubree entered after knocking on the door. Inside the study, Lucian had already heard her footsteps, but he only turned around upon hearing her voice. By then, Aubree had already put on a gentle smile on her face.
Even though he had decided to accept her, Lucian still couldn’t help but feel that something wasn’t right every time he saw her. He remained silent for a long while.
Aubree didn’t dare enter the study on her own accord. All she could do was repeat herself, “Is there something you want to see me for?”
Jolted back to his senses, Lucian suppressed his inner thoughts as he replied in a deep voice, “Come in and have a seat.” Pursing her lips into a smile, Aubree walked in and settled down on the couch in the center of the room.
Lucian sat down in an armchair with a conflicted look in his eyes. He could still feel the hesitance in his heart.
In that instant, silence descended upon the study.
The anticipation Aubree had before she came gradually turned into anxiety.
She clearly remembered Sonya telling her over the phone that Lucian was over Roxanne and had decided to continue with the engagement.
Yet now, he didn’t even look remotely like he had plans to get together with her.
Both of them were lost in their own thoughts when a knock on the door was suddenly heard. It was Catalina who had brought some coffee. “Mr. Farwell, Ms. Pearson.”
Lucian nodded slightly to let her know she was dismissed once she was done.
“Thank you,” Aubree uttered politely, in contrast to her earlier viciousness.
Her thanks caused Catalina to freeze briefly before she quickly regained her composure. Once she put the coffee cups down, she turned around and headed out the door.
After taking a sip of coffee, Lucian began to speak. “I have let you down over the last six years.”
Aubree’s eyes lit up momentarily, but the fire in them was quickly suppressed. Feigning a wry smile, she replied, “It’s no big deal. | was willing to give you time.”
Lucian stared intently at her for a while before putting down his cup.
His tone was just as formal as before. “I would like to hear what you think about Essie.”
Ahint of hatred flashed across Aubree’s eyes. However, when she raised her gaze at Lucian, the resentment in them had been replaced by adoration and guilt.
“| watched her grow up, so naturally, I’m fond of her. Furthermore, her health hasn’t been good ever since she was young, and she was diagnosed with autism. Despite all the concern | feel for her, it’s a shame that I’m powerless to help...” While speaking, Aubree looked down in guilt. “If only | could get Essie to like me earlier, she might have chosen not to shut herself out from the world.”
Lucian scrutinized every single expression of hers while she was speaking.
However, when she finally finished, he didn’t detect a single ounce of insincerity from her. Lucian’s brows wrinkled skeptically. He wasn’t going to easily trust the woman in front of him. If she was really just acting, it would be considered a flawless performance.
“Ever since | hit Essie out of impulse, | went to see a psychologist to learn how to interact with autistic children.” Aubree snuck a glance at Lucian’s expression. “But her condition improved before | had the opportunity to use what | learned with her.” 
###Chapter 1087
Chapter 1087
Chapter 1087 Make It Up to Her
Lucian sized her up silently for a long while. Upon learning that she had sought a psychologist over the incident, Lucian looked a lot less hostile. His tone, too, softened when he said, “That’s very thoughtful of you.”
Detecting the change in his voice, Aubree felt her heart go wild in ecstasy. “It was my duty anyway. When | ended up hitting her, it was no surprise that she didn’t like me. This is all my fault, Lucian, and I’m willing to take responsibility.”
Unmoved by her words, Lucian continued to speak in an indifferent tone. “In that case, do you want to make it up to her?” Aubree nodded without hesitation. “All this while, | have been wanting to apologize to her but didn’t get the opportunity to do so.”
“Then why don’t you spend some time together? Essie will be home over the next few days, while I’ll be busy with work. If you have the time, you're welcome to come over and spend time with her.”
Lucian was implicitly placing Estella in her care. At that moment, Aubree pinched her palm just to make sure that she wasn’t dreaming.
By asking me to come over and watch Essie while he’s at work, isn’t that the equivalent of granting me access to the manor whenever | please?
It was a dream come true for Aubree. One that she didn’t imagine could be achieved so easily.
“Essie’s mood has been volatile recently. Since you have learned from the psychologist how to interact with her, you probably know what must be done. Don’t repeat the same mistake. She can’t afford to suffer any more emotional shocks.”
Aubree nodded fervently as she listened.
It wasn’t until Lucian finished that Aubree gave him a look of surprise. “Lucian, do you mean... that you'll continue with our engagement?”
After frowning in silence for a few seconds, Lucian nodded. “As long as Essie accepts you.”
“Then...” Aubree pretended to be unsettled. “What about Ms. Jarvis? She’s Essie’s birth mother. Do you really not want to reconcile with her?”
Lucian scowled, springing to his feet abruptly. “Don’t ever mention that woman in front of me! If you still wish to continue the engagement, then take good care of Essie. As for everything else, don’t stick your nose into them!”
He didn’t want to hear Roxanne’s name being mentioned by anyone. Aubree was dumbfounded for a few seconds. “Okay, | won’t bring it up again.”
Lucian dismissed her with a wave without even sparing her a glance. “Essie is now in her room. You can drop by if you wish. If not, you should head on home.”
The moment he finished, he walked up to the full-length window, showing no intention of speaking to Aubree any further.
His response caused Aubree to freeze, for she wasn’t a fool.
It was obvious to her that Lucian agreeing to continue with the engagement wasn’t on the account of him having any feelings for her at all.
Instead, he returned to the meaningless engagement simply because he had given up on Roxanne.
Furthermore, it wasn’t a done deal yet, as she was still under probation.
Despite all of that, it was certainly better than him totally ignoring her.
Aubree recovered her composure, her eyes brimming with conviction.
No matter what, she would seize the opportunity to ensure her marriage to Lucian would come to pass.
Aubree broke into a smile as she gradually got up from the couch. “In that case, | won’t take up any more of your time. I’ll go and see Essie now.”
She turned around and left the moment she finished. 
###Chapter 1088
Chapter 1088
Chapter 1088 Consequences of Being Unappreciative After coming out of the study, Aubree headed straight for Estella’s room while trying her best to school her expression.
Though she wished Estella could just disappear, she was currently under “evaluation.” She would only truly become Lucian’s woman after gaining the girl’s favor.
As long as she could succeed, she didn’t mind putting on an act longer.
She’s just a kid. I’m sure she'll take the bait if | put my mind to it.
With that in mind, Aubree knocked on Estella’s door with a faint smile.
Estella thought that it was Lucian or Catalina, so she skipped over to open the door.
“It's been a while, Essie.”
Aubree put on a smile, which she assumed was friendly enough, and bent down to greet Estella. Upon seeing the woman, Estella was reminded of the things that had happened before.
She looked around and noticed there was no one else in the corridor.
Ms. Pearson used to bully me when no one was around.
Estella shrank backward and hid behind the door, only revealing a pair of wary eyes.
Aubree was well aware of the reason Estella was scared, so she was unbothered by the latter’s behavior. “Don’t be scared. | know that I’ve done wrong. Don’t worry, Essie. | promise to be nice to you from now on. I'll treat you like my own daughter,” she said.
As if worried that Estella wouldn’t believe her, she grinned and added, “Your daddy already scolded me. | know you get scared easily, so | won’t scare you anymore.”
By saying that, Aubree was implying that she had gotten Lucian’s permission to come here and meet Estella. When Estella heard what Aubree said, she remembered what Lucian had told her when he left the room.
Daddy said Ms. Pearson will be coming to spend time with me. So that was true? Based on what Ms. Pearson said, it was Daddy who asked her to come here.
As that realization dawned upon Estella, she forgot about her fear and started to fret.
Daddy used to keep me away from Ms. Pearson because | don’t like her. Even when we met, Daddy would stay by my side. But now, Daddy asked her to come to me on her own. Does this mean he’s really not planning to pursue Ms. Jarvis anymore?
Panic flashed across Estella’s eyes. What should | do so Daddy can change his mind? Seeing Estella standing rooted to her spot, Aubree thought that the girl was scared.
For some reason, she suddenly recalled an action Roxanne had done to Estella. She reached out to stroke Estella’s head in an attempt to imitate Roxanne.
Estella snapped back to her senses right away and dodged in terror.
Because of her previous experiences, she instinctively assumed that Aubree was going to hit her. Aubree’s hand froze in the air. Rage rushed through her when she thought of the huge difference in Estella’s attitude toward her and Roxanne.
If this were before, she would have made Estella learn the consequences of being unappreciative. It would be perfect timing to do so since no one was with them.
However, she had just talked with Lucian.
Aubree suppressed the burning anger in her and flashed a smile at Estella.
“Essie, | know | scared you before. Don’t worry. | won’t do anything to you again in the future.” Right after Aubree said that, she vaguely heard a sound from the study door.
Knowing that Lucian had come out, she put on an even more earnest expression.
“If you still hate me for what | did, I'll let you hit me back. How about that?” 
###Chapter 1089
Chapter 1089
Chapter 1089 Treat You Better
Estella shook her head repeatedly with a helpless expression. Just as she was at a loss about what to do, she heard Lucian’s firm footsteps approaching.
Immediately, her eyes lit up. She darted past Aubree and sought refuge in Lucian, wrapping her small arms around his thigh. Lucian looked down at the child clinging to him and thought of Aubree’s apologetic words earlier.
“It won't take just one night for Essie to forgive you, so there’s no need for you to resort to such desperate measures,” he uttered while staring grimly at Aubree, who was still crouching on the floor.
In response, Aubree pretended to smile bitterly. She said in dejection, “I’m sorry. | was impatient again. I’m just—”
Before she could finish her words, Lucian cut her off, “It’s getting late. Come downstairs and have dinner with us.” Aubree paused and looked in Lucian’s direction in disbelief.
By then, he was already heading downstairs hand in hand with Estella. For a while, Aubree stared at their figures from the back dazedly.
If it weren’t for Estella’s existence, Aubree would have thought they had time-traveled back to six or seven years ago when Lucian still despised Roxanne and wanted to marry her.
However, no one came upstairs to get her even after a long time.
It was then that Aubree returned to her senses and accepted reality. She got to her feet and slowly descended the stairs.
In the dining room, Lucian and Estella were already seated by the table.
From the looks of it, Lucian wouldn’t have asked anyone to go and bring Aubree down if she hadn’t come down on her own. Nevertheless, the extra set of cutleries on the table was enough to prove that Aubree was not hearing things earlier.
She clenched her fist and recomposed herself. With a smile, she sat down beside the father-daughter duo.
“What does Essie like to eat? | can learn to make them.”
Hearing Aubree’s voice, Estella moved closer to Lucian quietly.
A look of displeasure fleeted across Aubree’s eyes, but she quickly concealed it. “Essie, I’m really good at cooking. I’m sure you'll love the food | make!”
Lucian frowned slightly. “Essie, Ms. Pearson is talking to you.”
Only then did Estella raise her head and glance at Aubree. “No.”
Her voice was so soft that Aubree did not hear her clearly. “What did you say, Essie?”
“| don’t want to eat your food!” Estella protested, resistance evident in her widened eyes. She turned around and grabbed the hem of Lucian’s shirt pitifully. “| want to eat the food made by Ms. Jarvis.”
The sudden mention of Roxanne caused the two adults’ expressions to change. Aubree gritted her teeth secretly, coldness gleaming in her eyes. Then she glanced at Lucian cautiously. She knew Lucian had always had a soft spot for Estella.
| waited so long until Lucian finally gave up on Roxanne. Yet now, this little brat is going to change his mind with just one statement!
Fortunately, Lucian remained indifferent. Even his voice was cold as he said, “Ms. Jarvis is not around anymore. From now on, Ms. Pearson will treat you better than Ms. Jarvis did.”
Aubree heaved a silent sigh of relief before chiming in, “Your daddy is right. Essie, if there’s anything you want, just tell me and I'll get them for you. If you get sick, let me know as well, and I'll take care of you. Let’s not think about Ms. Jarvis anymore, okay?” 
###Chapter 1090
Chapter 1090
Chapter 1090 Talk About the Engagement
“No!” Estella was livid to see her father going along with the mean lady. Furiously, she threw her fork away, jumped off her chair, and dashed up the stairs.
At the sight of the girl’s tantrum, Aubree was enraged, but she had to keep up with her act. “Essie!” she yelled, quickly putting down her fork and going to run after the girl.
Right as she stood up, Lucian stopped her. “Let her be.” Aubree pretended to look troubled. “But Essie, she—”
Lucian was unfazed. “It’s good for her to calm down by herself too. | spoiled her too much by letting her get anything she wanted in the past.”
On his journey back, Lucian had mulled over the matter of Estella destroying Jack’s tire.
Even though he could understand why she had done that, those were actions that he could not just let go of since she was already getting better with her condition.
It was time for him to correct the way she expressed herself. Roxanne’s matter was an opportunity for him to do that.
Glee filled Aubree’s mind, but she put on a look of guilt on her face. “This is all because of me. | know Essie doesn’t like me, and | know | can’t rush her into liking me, but | still insisted on staying for the meal. It’s my fault Essie didn’t get to eat her food properly.”
Lucian lifted his head to glance at her. “This has nothing to do with you. She has to face this fact eventually.” With that, he nonchalantly returned to his meal. “Let’s continue eating.”
Atrace of delight danced across Aubree’s eyes when she heard him say that, and she sat back down in her seat.
After dinner, Aubree suggested with faked concern that she wanted to check on Estella upstairs.
Unsurprisingly, Lucian rejected her suggestion and told her that Estella needed to calm down first.
Aubree did not insist after that. “I'll go back first, then. Don’t worry and focus on your work. I'll be visiting Essie as often as | can.” Lucian nodded. “You know what kind of girl Essie is. If you want her to accept you, you'll have to be patient.”
Aubree did not expect him to give her a tip.
“| will. Even if Essie keeps ignoring me, I'll still take good care of her!”
Lucian said nothing else and told Catalina to send her off.
After exiting the Farwell residence, Aubree could no longer hide the joy on her face.
“Aubree, what took you so long?” was the question Gina asked her when she finally returned to the Pearson residence. “Dinner’s already cold. I'll get someone to heat it up again. Wash up and come back downstairs for dinner.”
Aubree halted in her tracks and smiled. “I've already had dinner.”
Confused, Gina asked, “Where?” The thought of how she had had dinner with Lucian earlier brought a satisfied smile to Aubree’s lips. “With Lucian.”
Gina sat upright instantly, and a nervous look appeared on her face. “What did Lucian say? Did he talk to you about the engagement again?”
Ever since Roxanne came back to the country, Lucian had never bothered to contact Aubree himself. There were a few times when Aubree had gone to him, but he had just gone on and on about breaking off the engagement. Gina assumed that was what Lucian had talked to Aubree about again.
However, the look on her daughter’s face made the flame of hope burn in her chest. “Or has he decided to keep the engagement as it is?”
Aubree nodded in affirmation before conveying to her mother what Lucian had said to her.
After listening to what had happened, Gina nodded fervently. “That’s unimportant. These are all not important as long as he cuts ties with Roxanne and keeps his engagement to you...” 
###Chapter 1091
Chapter 1091
Chapter 1091 When Aubree took in the satisfied look on her mother’s face, a sense of annoyance bloomed in her chest.
“Since Lucian no longer loves that b*tch, | have to become Mrs. Farwell. Not only do | want to be the lady of the family, but | also want to have his heart!”
She wanted Lucian to treat her the same way he did six years ago. Gina bobbed her head in agreement.
She was not too concerned about that as long as the marriage union between the Farwell family and the Pearson family remained.
Aubree was upset to see her mother’s unfazed expression, but she soon thought about Estella. Everything she had said to Lucian was only to get his sympathy. It was a fact that she had little experience with a child.
On the other hand, her mother, Gina, had raised her. Aubree guessed that Gina had to be more experienced in childcare than her.
With that thought in mind, Aubree smiled and pulled her mother to the couch. “Mom, there’s something | want to ask you.” “What is it?”
Pursing her lips and frowning, Aubree asked, “How do | interact with a kid? You know Essie has the last say in this marriage. If she doesn’t like me, Lucian will surely break off the engagement eventually.”
That was something the Pearsons knew well.
Lucian had not married Aubree in the past six years because Estella had been rejecting Aubree the entire time.
However, ever since they found out the root of the problem, they had been trying many ways to make Estella accept Aubree. Yet, regardless of what they did, the girl remained the same.
In the end, Aubree’s attitude toward Estella became worse and worse.
It's all that girl’s fault!
Gina did not know how to answer Aubree’s question.
“|... Essie treats me almost the same as she does with you. You were brought up by your nanny. | don’t have much experience in taking care of children.”
Aubree’s expression darkened. Gina hastily suggested, “They're kids, right? They must like the same stuff like food and toys. Just get her something she likes.” Upon hearing her mother’s useless idea, Aubree dropped her smile and waved dismissively. “Forget it. | think of a way myself”
With that, she rose to her feet and went upstairs.
Gina could only watch her daughter leave in anxiety and resignation
Without a doubt, she hoped that Estella would accept Aubree soon so that the two families could be united via a marriage union. Yet, there was nothing Gina could do to help.
Meanwhile, Aubree kept thinking about the way Estella rejected her as she stormed upstairs in frustration.
This little b*tch used to be a mute, so | could threaten her into submission. But it’s different now. If | do the same thing | did in the past, the little b*tch might tattle tale to Lucian. If that happened, the Pearson family might even come to an end, let alone ensure my spot as Mrs. Farwell Looks like | have no choice but to make that little b*tch happy.
With that thought in mind, Aubree gritted her teeth and fished out her phone to call Frieda.
Frieda picked up in no time. “Aubree, what's the matter?
“Do you know any psychologists? Introduce me to one.” need is a psychologist, and I'll get some tips from them! Frieda was confounded by Aubree’s request. “What happened to you? Why are you looking for a psychologist?
Aubree was already irritated, so Frieda’s questions only irked her even more. “It’s none of your business. Just introduce a psychologist to me!” 
###Chapter 1092
Chapter 1092
Frieda did not dare to ask any more questions after that.
The next morning, she invited a psychologist over.
“He’s the best psychologist in our hospital. You can ask him anything.”
The tail skinny man beside Frieda politely greeted Aubree, “Greetings, Ms. Pearson.” Aubree inclined her head. “Let's talk upstairs.”
With that, she led Frieda and the psychologist to the study on the second floor. Frieda followed her in confusion.
She had thought that Aubree had something secretive and personal.
However, the way Aubree was acting clearly meant that she did not mind Frieda listening in to her matter “What's going on exactly, Aubree?”
Aubree did not answer her right away
Only after entering the study did Aubree turn around to ask the psychologist, “How do | interact with a child with autism? How can | make her like me faster?”
Those words made Frieda realize what was going on. “Are you talking about Estella?” Aubree nodded in confirmation, but her gaze was still fixed on the psychologist.
The psychologist furrowed his brows and slowly started, “Well. Every child is different, and the signs they display are different. | don’t have a specific plan, but there is one thing you must have when you interact with an autistic child, and that is to be patient.”
“Anything else?
The psychologist shook his head. “I can’t provide a proper answer unless | interact with her.” To sum it up, his words were useless to Aubree.
Aubree shot him a look of annoyance and snapped, “Got it. You can leave now.”
Patience, patience, patience. It’s always patience! I’m sick of hearing this! | don’t even know how many times Lucian has repeated this to me yesterday. That b*tch is so repulsive to me. | can’t even get the chance to come close to her, so what’s the point of having patience? If | keep dragging this on, who can swear to me that Lucian won't have a change of heart again?
The thought of that possibility made Aubree scowl.
After sending the psychologist off, Frieda returned to see the scowl on Aubree’s face Cautiously, she asked, “Aubree, why are you suddenly asking about Essie?”
As far as she knew, Estella did not want Aubree around her.
Because of that, Aubree had been thinking of ways of making Estella’s life hard all along.
Frieda was confused as to why Aubree was suddenly interested in getting along with Estella.
“Why else?” Aubree grumbled “Lucian came to me yesterday and told me that he’ll consider keeping the engagement, but Essie will have to accept me first”
Asurprised look flashed past Friedas eyes at that “Really Lucian’s changing his mind? What about Roxanne?”
Aubree was already worried about Lucian rekindling his relationship with Roxanne, so she was peeved by Frieda’s mention of Roxanne
Seeing how Aubree’s expression turned colder, Frieda shifted the conversation back to Estella. “What are you planning to do with Essie, then?”
“If | knew what to do, | wouldn’t have asked you to get a psychologist.”
In the end, this was pointless too!
The two of them fell silent as they ruminate over various methods.
A beat later, Aubree recalled the idea her mother mentioned the day before. “She’s just a kid. I'll give her more gifts. | refuse to believe she'll still hate me after that.”
Frieda drew her brows together. “Then do you know what Essie likes?” The duo looked at each other again.
Even though they technically watched Estella grow up, they knew nothing about what she liked 
###Chapter 1093
Chapter 1093
“This is frustrating!” Aubree groaned. “Why are kids so hard to please? Lucian, too. If he has decided to take me as his wife, we'll have our own kids in the future.
Why must he wait for Essie to accept me?”
I've already planned this out. If | get to marry Lucian, we'll have to have a kid of our own. In the future, Farwell Group’s assets will be my kid's! As for Estella, Il spare her some of the assets-just enough for her to get by
Frieda said with a smile, “You're right, but that'll have to wait until you’re married first.”
Aubree rolled her eyes at her. “What, then? I'm suggesting buying gifts for the girl, but neither of us knows what she likes. How long will she take to accept me if this goes on? Who can swear to me that the second Roxanne won't appear during this period?”
I've been waiting for six years, and I’m not going to wait any longer. | don’t have the courage to risk it anymore! Since Lucian is relenting this time, I'll have to hold on tightly to this opportunity
After a long moment of silence, Frieda said, “In that case, why don’t you try to get along with Essie sincerely?” “What?” Aubree barked out a laugh “Me? Getting along with that girl?”
If not for that little b*tch, Lucian wouldn't have dragged this on for six years. These six years I’ve lost are all because of that stupid girl! In fact, it's because of her that Lucian is getting more and more distant from me.
These were things that Aubree had carved into her mind. Wanting her to get along with Estella was akin to a joke to her.
Frieda could guess what Aubree was thinking, so she tried her best to persuade her. “It’s just temporary. Once you marry Lucian, Essie will be in your control too. You can treat her in any way you want by then.”
Despite her cruel words, Estella was still a girl Frieda had watched grow up. Hence, she had to squeeze those words out of her throat.
Nevertheless, Aubree still did not like her suggestion. “I can’t help but think about how that girl made my life. so tough whenever | see her, so how am | supposed to get along with her?”
Frieda smiled. “But that’s the only way she can accept you quickly. Children are sensitive beings. They will notice any fake sincerity from you right away.”
When Frieda saw the reluctant look on Aubree’s face, she had no choice but to continue trying to persuade her
“Lucian is popular. Even now, you still haven’t married him. There are many daughters from prestigious families who have their eyes on him. If you keep dragging this on
By now, she and Aubree were in the same boat.
To hide the things she had done for Aubree, Frieda had to think of everything she could to make Aubree Lucian’s wife.
Only after hearing that from Frieda did Aubree finally relent a little. “Say, what should | do, then?”
Frieda let out a sigh of relief.
“Essie must already know that she can’t meet Roxanne anymore, so she'll be in a bad mood these few days. Spend more time accompanying her whenever you can. That way, you can subtly remind her that you’re around. Even if Essie still won't accept you, at the very least, Lucian will know that you've tried.”
Aubree nodded slowly
Freda’s right Even if | can’t change Estella’s mind, at the very least, | have to let Lucian think that | care about Estella 
###Chapter 1094
Chapter 1094
Aubree heeded Frieda’s advice. In the afternoon of the very same day, she headed to the Farwell residence. She even bought Estella some cakes on her way there
After arriving at the manor, Aubree pressed on the doorbell.
Catalina hesitated for a moment when she saw Aubree at the door. However, she opened the door for the woman when she recalled what Lucian said.
“Ms. Pearson,” greeted Catalina respectfully
Lowering her head, Catalina took a step back. She was trying her best to stay away from Aubree’s sight. They weren't exactly seeing eye to eye when they met the last few times.
Though Catalina only did as she was told, she couldn’t help it when Aubree still held prejudice against her
Noticing that Catalina was trying to avoid her, Aubree pursed her lips in disapproval and sneered, “You're fast to open the door this time”
Catalina kept quiet
“Where’s Lucian? He’s not home?” Aubree did not wish to dwell on Catalina further. After all, she had already planned to fire the latter after marrying Lucian.
“Mr. Farwell headed to the office to work overtime early in the morning.”
Before leaving, Lucian had told Catalina that Aubree was allowed entry at the Farwell residence at any time. That was the reason Catalina opened the door for Aubree
Aubree nodded and cast a glance at the stairs leading upstairs. “How about Essie? I’m here to visit her.” Catalina tensed up. Nonetheless, she chose to answer truthfully. “Ms. Estella is in her bedroom.”
With the cake in one hand, Aubree no longer paid heed to Catalina and headed upstairs.
Catalina followed closely behind her.
In the morning, before Lucian left, he had told her not to let Estella and Aubree be alone for the time being. The truth was, he still had reservations about Aubree.
Noticing that Catalina was tailing her, Aubree halted in exasperation. “Why are you following me? Do you think I’m going to hurt Essie?”
“Mr. Farwell asked me to keep close tabs on Ms. Estella. She might not feel well these two days. “ Aubree was not pleased that Catalina had brought Lucian up. Nonetheless, she said nothing. After she reached Estella’s bedroom, Aubree knocked on her door and tactfully kept quiet.
It did not take long for Estella to open the door
The little girl thought it was Catalina and had not expected it to be Aubree instead.
Her expression stiffened, and it soon turned into an alarmed look
Aubree noticed the change in Estella’s demeanor and was dismayed.
However, the recalled Fredas advice and suppressed the hatred she had for Estella She manag
and lowered herself to level with Estella.
“Essie, look. I've brought some cakes for you. Do you want to have it downstairs or in your room?”
As if afraid that Estella could not see the cakes, Aubree waved them in front of the little girl.
Estella appeared indifferent and turned to Catalina with a deadpan look on her face.
She didn’t want to be alone with Aubree and wanted Catalina to send her away.
Despite realizing what Estella wanted, Catalina was unsure of what she could do about the situation.
The only thing that she could think of was to ensure that Estella was not left alone with Aubree.
Aubree’s patience soon wore thin when Estella did not respond to her. However, she still had to continue with her act.
“You don't like cakes? Why don’t | take you out for a spin in the afternoon? We can go play with Grandma,” Aubree coaxed.
Aubree alone was already too much for Estella, and she grew even more repulsed after hearing that the woman was planning to bring her to see Sonya. 
###Chapter 1095
Chapter 1095
Catalina couldn't bear to see Estella suffer. “Ms. Pearson, Ms. Estella has just woken up and might still feel sleepy. Why don’t you let her sleep a little while longer?”
Estella hurriedly nodded along and even feigned a yawn.
The innocent looks on her face made her acting look convincing.
A furious look fleeted across Aubree’s face, but she managed to regain her composure “It seems my timing is not right then. Go on and rest, Essie.”
Feeling utterly relieved, Estella didn’t even say anything before hastily closing the door. The smile on Aubree’s face faded as the door shut in her face
She wanted to scowl at Catalina and tell her to mind her own business.
However, she thought that Catalina must have followed her on Lucian’s order. Surely, the woman had been tasked with observing how she was getting along with Estella.
Aubree reckoned that since she was putting up an act, she might as well put in more work to make it believable. With that in mind, Aubree recomposed herself. She got up and cast a glance at Catalina.
“I'll come over more often these two days to accompany Essie. | only brought cakes because | thought she liked them. Anyway, it seems like I’m mistaken. You've been taking care of Essie for many years. Do you know what she likes?”
Then she flashed Catalina a rare smile.
Catalina lowered her head as the disdain for Aubree festered in her heart.
She had been taking care of Estella for many years, and all these years, Aubree had always taken the liberty to come uninvited. Yet, the wretched woman had the cheek to ask her what Estella liked.
It was obvious that Aubree had never taken Estella’s interests to heart.
Not realizing Catalina’s disdain toward her, Aubree went on, “I was too ignorant of Essie’s feelings in the past and had been shoving my own interests at her. It’s really no wonder that she dislikes me. | know I’m wrong now. Catalina, | hope you can guide me on the right path from now on.”
Aubree’s tone was sincere. She completely disregarded the fact that she had been treating Catalina harshly these few days.
Of course, Catalina was reluctant to divulge a single thing. “Ms. Estella doesn’t particularly fancy anything. Besides, I’m only the cook around here. | don’t really know anything about her preference”
“Then what does she like to eat? I'll try to learn.” Catalina deliberately told her something that was difficult to make
Aubree’s brows creased a little and were almost unnoticeable.
Despite the fact that the dish was difficult to prepare, Aubree didn’t seem bothered. After all, she could always buy it They headed downstairs, and right when Catalina thought she was leaving. Aubree sat on the couch
“It's not likely that Essie will sleep for a long time. I’m just going to wait for her to wake up here.”
Then Aubree took out her phone and texted Frieda.
Needless to say, she hadn’t stayed to wait for Estella to wake up. She just wanted to show her face in front of Lucian when he was back.
Awhole afternoon passed by, and still, Estella did not head downstairs. Instead, she unexpectedly heard Catalina receiving a phone call from Lucian.
Aubree observed Catalina intently. After the latter hung up the call, she immediately asked, “What did Lucian say? When is he coming back?”
“Mr. Farwell said he’s going to be late today and asked me to bring Ms. Estella for dinner first, Catalina replied. “Are you going to stay for dinner, Ms. Pearson?”
Aubree’s expression turned grim as she got up from the couch. “It’s okay. I’ve got an appointment later.” Before she left, Aubree reminded Catalina, “Please pass the word to Essie when she comes downstairs later” Catalina nodded respectfully and saw her to the door 
###Chapter 1096
Chapter 1096
Chapter 1096 Lucian had wanted to go back to eat with Estella.
Estella had been in a bad mood ever since Aubree came by the day before, and Lucian was afraid that she would go back to how she used to be.
However, in the afternoon, Jonathan abruptly called. As it turned out, Jonathan had heard about his and Roxanne’s matter from somewhere, and that was why he made the call. Instantly, Lucian’s mood soured, and he ended up inviting Jonathan out for a drink that night.
At night, Lucian, who was wearing a dress shirt and had his jacket draped on his arm, strode out of the first floor of the Farwell Group office building.
Right as he walked out of the entrance, he heard the sound of a car honking.
He turned around and spotted Jonathan’s car, which was parked right in front of the building. Lucian lifted a brow and walked over.
“Didn't we agree to meet at the club? Why are you here?”
Jonathan wound down the window and winked at him. “How can | let a crestfallen man drive? I’m your buddy, and I’ll be your driver this time.”
Lucian’s gaze darkened at that, and he pursed his lips. “How can | be crestfallen over nothing?” He opened the car door and got into the car before tossing his jacket on the back seat. Jonathan frowned, and he parted his lips to say something.
Yet, when he turned around, he saw that Lucian had already closed his eyes to nap.
Clearly, Lucian did not want to listen to anything else from him.
In resignation, Jonathan looked away and started the car.
As it turned out, the invitation for a drink was really just that. Lucian did not even want to spend any time. talking. Things must be really bad between them this time, Jonathan thought.
On the way to their destination, both kept their silence, deep in their own thoughts.
Half an hour later, the car came to a stop outside the club.
Both men opened their doors and got out of the car.
Jonathan gave his keys to the valet, then went upstairs to the private rooms with Lucian.
This was a club they frequented, and they knew the owner of the club.
Right as they took their seats, the owner sent some of his employees to serve them a few bottles of expensive wine before smartly telling the rest of his employees not to disrupt them from then on.
Only when Lucian and Jonathan were the only ones left in the room did Jonathan open the bottle of expensive wine. Then he poured a glass for Lucian and himself.
“| hear that Essie’s matter ended up quite messy.”
On his way to the club, Jonathan had been thinking of how he was going to make Lucian talk, and in the end, he decided to start with Estella.
Everyone in their social circle knew about Estella changing kindergartens.
The kindergarten she had transferred to was one catered toward the rich and the powerful.
On Estella’s first day, when the parents found out that their children were in the same class as the daughter of the Farwell family, they began plotting how they should curry favor with the Farwells through her.
However, Estella did not appear on the next day.
The parents had quickly looked into the matter.
It took no time before Estella’s matter became a well-known one in the circle.
There was nothing Lucian wanted to hide, so he nodded in indifferently.
Jonathan raised his brows in surprise. “Essie agreed to it? How did you convince her?” For a while after that, the room was silent.
Jonathan slowly realized that Lucian did not get Estella to agree to it in the first place. That must be why she’s throwing a tantrum and stopped going to kindergarten after a day. Jonathan cleared his throat awkwardly. “How is Essie feeling recently?”
Lucian picked up his wineglass and took a sip from it. “She was sulking the past two days, but she’s fine now.” 
###Chapter 1097
Chapter 1097
Jonathan was even more taken aback by that. “She’s all right after such a short period of time? Does that mean she’s doing much better now?”
“She spent a day at Roxanne’s,” Lucian said nonchalantly. Jonathan could guess what Lucian was trying to say.
It was not because Estella’s condition was getting better for her mood to have improved so quickly; it was because she met Roxanne.
However, Jonathan found the way Lucian mentioned Roxanne strange. Is he really... planning to cut ties with Roxanne? Jonathan's confusion was clearly written on his face.
Noticing that, Lucian said, “I talked to her about it. It’s true that we can’t progress any further in our relationship, so we’ve decided to do as she says-to become strangers.”
“Are you really giving up just like that?” Jonathan could not believe what he had just heard. Lucian frowned. “What do you think?”
You can’t possibly ask me to cast aside my dignity to beg Roxanne to change her mind. | can’t do that, and she won't change her mind anyway.
Jonathan drew his brows together. “What about Essie? Dr. Jarvis is her mother, and the girl adores her too.”
The mention of Estella made something flash past Lucian’s eyes. “I’ve talked about this with Aubree. She'll treat Essie well, and as time passes, I’m sure Essie will slowly accept her.”
Getting Essie to accept Aubree? Jonathan found that incredulous. He had invited Lucian out because Frieda had gleefully told him about how Lucian was planning to stay engaged to Aubree.
Perhaps it was because Jonathan had been Lucian’s wingman in the past. Frieda was exceptionally arrogant when she told him about the news.
Of course, Jonathan did not believe it.
He was the one who witnessed Lucian courting Roxanne in all the ways he could think of, so he found it hard to believe that Lucian would give up on Roxanne so easily.
Even if Lucian did give up on Roxanne, Jonathan felt that he should not have chosen Aubree. Estella’s dislike of Aubree throughout the six years was apparent to them all. How could Lucian marry a woman that Essie did not like and make her Essie’s mother?
Even when he heard the confirmation from Lucian, he still thought that he was dreaming.
“Essie hasn't accepted Aubree in six years. Do you really think she’ll suddenly change her mind?” Lucian was unfazed, however. “We still have to give it a try.”
“What happened between you and Dr. Jarvis? You’re not someone who gives up this easily!” Silence ensued.
Lucian lowered his gaze and drank away.
Jonathan downed his wine and huffed, “If | had known that you were going to give up so easily, | wouldn’t have helped you back then. Look! You can choose not to see Dr. Jarvis from now on, but the Queen family still has to interact with her. How am | supposed to face Dr. Jarvis now?” Jonathan scrunched up his face in frustration. “Also, my grandfather told me to take care of Dr. Jarvis. What am | supposed to say to him about | this?”
As he spoke, he carefully observed the expression on Lucian’s face. He said that to find out if Lucian would have a change of heart.
Alas, despite his long speech, Lucian’s expression remained the same. It was as if he had not heard Jonathan at all. 
###Chapter 1098
Chapter 1098
Right as Jonathan put down his glass in resignation and was about to declare that it was none of his business anymore, Lucian spoke.
“| don’t think | should give up so easily either. After all, the woman’s Essie’s biological mother.”
Jonathan brightened up upon hearing that, and he asked, “Does Dr. Jarvis know about her relationship with Essie? If she doesn’t, you should tell her about it. I’m sure she’ll change her mind.”
That was a thought he had since a long time ago, but as the matter was Lucian’s family matter, it was up to Lucian whether or not he wanted to tell Roxanne about Estella’s birth circumstances.
However, it seemed that the two were going to lose each other again, so Jonathan steeled himself to make the suggestion. Almost immediately, Lucian’s hand holding the wineglass froze in mid-air.
Tell Essie’s birth circumstances to that woman? Maybe | would have given this a thought if Roxanne hadn’t given up on me... But now, it’s pointless.
Thinking that his suggestion was fantastic, Jonathan looked at Lucian in anticipation as he waited for his response. “If you still want her back by your side, this is the best way to get her to come back!”
A beat later, Lucian finished his drink and uttered quietly, “No.”
Jonathan's eyes widened.
He’s really planning to give up on Roxanne!
“She can’t give me what | want, and she can’t give Essie what Essie wants. What | can give her isn’t something she wants either,” Lucian said.
Jonathan could only blink at him, bewildered. “Why do you say that?” Lucian’s eyes fluttered shut as he recalled the memories of their time together.
“What Essie wants is for her mother to be by her side, but clearly, Roxanne’s preoccupied with the Damaris family’s project. Her full focus is on it, and even when Essie went to her, she left the two kids to take care of Essie instead.”
It was the same for the last time. The girl was so miserable, and Roxanne heard it, but she still chose to prioritize her work. Lucian pursed his lips, the air around him turning a few degrees colder. “At the start, | was hoping that she would stay in the country for that project, but who knew that she would throw her entire self into it?”
Even now, he still could not figure out whether Roxanne saw the project as something so important because of the project itself or because of the one in charge of it.
Jonathan nearly jumped in fright at the change in Lucian’s mood, but when he heard Lucian’s words of complaint, he became amused.
Then a smile appeared on his face.
“Why are you smiling?” Lucian asked before shooting him a cold look.
The smile on Jonathan’s face remained wide. “I’m just thinking about how even you can’t escape from something like this.” Lucian knitted his brows in confusion.
Jonathan cleared his throat but deliberately kept quiet for a while.
It was only when he sensed the air around him turn even colder did he shudder and said, “You say Dr. Jarvis is too focused on her work and has neglected Essie and your feelings. But think about this from another angle. Didn’t you do this to Dr. Jarvis six years ago?” 
###Chapter 1099
Chapter 1099
Chapter 1099 Just as those words went past Jonathan’s lips, Lucian tightened his grip on his glass. Six years ago...
“You must have treated Dr. Jarvis far worse six years ago than how Dr. Jarvis is treating you now,” Jonathan went on. “Back then, | wondered about what she would feel about you focusing on work and Aubree only. | thought she would have left in no time, but to my surprise, she actually lived with you for so many years and even gave birth to your children.”
At that moment, a thought seemed to have popped up in Jonathan’s head. “It looks like Dr. Jarvis was deeply in love with you back then. You say you're a persevering man, but you're giving up on her in mere months just because she’s a little more serious about her work. In contrast, Dr. Jarvis had stayed by your side for years.”
Jonathan even felt bad for Roxanne when he thought about the things she had to go through during those years. Once he was done saying his piece, he clicked his tongue and shook his head.
Lucian’s expression darkened.
How did she persevere during all those years, then? | thought she was being unreasonable when she abruptly departed back then. Now that | think about it, she must have reached her limits. What thoughts did she have on the night of her departure?
The recollection of that time made Lucian’s heart ache.
“This is my fault,” he said after a beat.
Jonathan stiffened.
This was the first time he had heard Lucian admit that he was wrong so easily.
“| did this to her six years ago, and now she’s doing the same thing to me.” The look of self-deprecation was bright in Lucian’s eyes. “Perhaps this is karma, but it's late by six years.”
Hearing the bitterness lacing Lucian’s words, Jonathan lowered his gaze as his heart began feeling heavy.
He only mentioned what had happened six years ago because the matter popped up in his head; he did not mean to make Lucian feel guilty.
“In that case, why don’t you put aside your original plan and court Dr. Jarvis again? It’s to fix the regret the two of you have.”
Jonathan thought that Lucian would finally consider that option, but the moment he said that, Lucian’s unhesitating rejection came.
“It's too late.” Lucian filled his glass again and downed the wine.
Jonathan did not even know how many times Lucian had already filled his glass. He stubbornly continued, “Since you know you've done wrong, why do you not want to fix the mistake?”
“| can't do that.”
I've hurt Roxanne terribly, so how can | ask her to forgive me? I’m certain that Roxanne’s already sick of how clingy I’ve been during this time. She’s only dealing with me half-heartedly as an act of courtesy.
Awave of frustration rose in Lucian, and he started downing one glass after another.
It was only then Jonathan realized he had been too busy trying to change Lucian’s mind. Lucian had finished the whole bottle of wine by himself.
The alcohol content in the wines that the owner served them was high. On most days, they would only drink a glass or two and focus more on the conversation.
However, it was different that day.
| know you can hold your drink, Lucian, but you still can’t drink like this!
Jonathan quickly shot out his hand to stop Lucian. “Lucian, stop drinking!”
Yet, before his fingers could touch the glass, Lucian stopped him.
“| asked you to come today to drink, not to hear you go on and on about nonsense.”
Lucian tilted his head back to down another glass of wine. 
###Chapter 1100
Chapter 1100
Chapter 1100 In the end, Jonathan could only sigh under his breath as he watched Lucian open another bottle.
Forget it. The reason behind how disheartened Lucian is right now must be related to what | said earlier. In that case, | guess I'll just sacrifice my liver and drink with him.
Jonathan gave up and started drinking alongside Lucian.
Perhaps he was affected by Lucian’s mood, for Jonathan found himself feeling gloomy as well.
In the blink of an eye, the two of them finished all the wine on the table.
Lucian took out his phone while drawing his brows together tightly from the pain of his headache.
He had not driven to the club, so he needed someone to send him back.
Perhaps he had drunk too much. He had nearly tapped on Roxanne’s name out of instinct when he unlocked his phone. Lucian’s frown deepened, and he hovered his finger above the name for a long while.
Right when he was about to tap on it, Jonathan’s slurring voice rang out in his ear.
“Lucian, I... | can’t drink anymore!”
Jonathan was dead drunk by then. He was lifting an empty wineglass and mumbling away in Lucian’s direction in a daze. Unlike him, Lucian still had a shred of rationality left.
When he heard his voice, he snapped back to his senses and looked at the name beneath his finger. After a long moment of hesitation, he scrolled it away.
Since I’ve decided to cut ties with her, | shouldn’t disturb her.
After what seemed like eons, Lucian’s gaze landed on Aubree’s name. Then, in the end, he tapped on her name.
At that moment, Aubree was having dinner with Frieda.
Ever since Aubree left the Farwell residence, she had been swallowing her anger. All she could do was invite Frieda out so that she could vent.
While the two were chatting, Aubree’s phone suddenly rang.
Aubree was right at the peak of her angry rant, so she impatiently lowered her head to glance at her phone.
When she saw the caller ID, she halted her speech immediately.
“What's the matter? Who is it?” Frieda asked.
Aubree had already picked up the call by then. “Lucian, it’s late. Is something the matter?”
She thought that Lucian had returned to the manor and was calling her after finding out that she had been there in the afternoon. To her surprise, Lucian sounded drunk as he said, “Are you free at the moment? | drank a little. If it's convenient for you, come and pick me up.”
Aubree’s eyes lit up, and the irritation that had been plaguing her since the afternoon dissipated. “Where are you? I'll be right there!”
The man then told her the name of the club and the room number.
“I'm on my way!”
Her eager voice made Lucian press his lips together. “You don’t need to rush.”
When Frieda saw Aubree ending the call, she asked, “Who was it? Was it Lucian?”
She could not think of anyone else other than Lucian who could make Aubree’s mood change so quickly.
Aubree was all smiles as she answered, “Let’s wrap up for today. Lucian’s drunk, and he has asked me to pick him up.”
Frieda beamed in understanding. “People usually call their girlfriends to pick them up after getting drunk. It looks like Lucian has a change of heart. Congratulations, Aubree.”
The smile on Aubree’s face widened as she grabbed her bag and stood up.
All of a sudden, Frieda thought of something. “Right, Lucian should be with my brother. I'll come with you and pick my brother up as well.”
Aubree agreed to it readily, wanting to get rid of the other man. 
###Chapter 1101
Chapter 1101
Chapter 1101 What Is Going On
When the two women arrived at the club, Jonathan had already sobered up a little.
He tensed up when he saw Aubree entering the room with his sister.
Jonathan vaguely recalled Lucian making a call in his drunken stupor earlier, but he thought Lucian had made a call of regret to Roxanne with the courage of his drunken state.
Even if it was not a call to Roxanne, Lucian should have called Cayden instead.
Alas, Lucian had called Aubree.
So all that talk earlier was a waste of my breath! Lucian has really given up on Roxanne.
“Lucian, how do you feel?”
Aubree instantly went to Lucian’s side the moment she stepped into the room, and she began studying the man with concern. Lucian had drunk more than Jonathan, and by then, he was already out of his mind.
His only reaction to Aubree’s voice was a small nod and a slight furrow of his brows.
“Aubree, you should bring Lucian back first. Leave my brother to me,” Frieda suggested.
Aubree agreed to it with no hesitance. Nonetheless, she had trouble lifting Lucian into an upright position.
Just as she was about to head outside to ask for help from the server, Cayden suddenly came toward her.
“Ms. Pearson, where is Mr. Farwell? He called me earlier and told me to send you both home.”
As it turned out, Lucian had contacted Cayden right after calling Aubree.
Even when he was drunk, he still could not let his guard down around Aubree.
The sight of Cayden made Aubree narrow her eyes. As she shifted her body to make way for Cayden, she said, “He’s inside. Help him out of the room, will you?”
Cayden nodded and hurried inside. He first brought Lucian into the car. Then he helped Frieda support Jonathan into Frieda’s car.
Before leaving, Cayden said worriedly, “Ms. Queen, are you sure you're fine by yourself?”
Frieda waved her hand nonchalantly. “Don’t worry. Jonathan’s not one to kick up a fuss after he gets drunk. He'll just sleep like a pig later. Go ahead and take care of Lucian.”
It was only then Cayden returned to Aubree’s car.
Aubree was seated in the back seat, and beside her was the drunk and unconscious Lucian.
Shortly after, Cayden started the car and drove toward the Farwell residence.
While they were on their way to their destination, Aubree glanced at the man beside her from the corner of her eyes.
Even though they had been engaged for six years, it was her first time sitting beside Lucian in this way.
In the past, Lucian had avoided her as if she was a plague.
Right as Aubree was reveling in her feelings of pleasant surprise, the car abruptly lurched forward.
Lucian was already in an awkward position, and after the lurch, he was even closer to Aubree.
Aglint danced across Aubree’s eyes when she saw how much closer she and Lucian was. Then she glanced at Cayden. When she realized he was not paying attention to the back seat, Aubree carefully reached out to tug Lucian’s sleeve and pull him closer to her.
Now, Lucian Farwell was leaning against her.
Aubree was simultaneously excited and nervous.
Right then, Cayden stopped the car at a red light and instinctively glanced at the rearview mirror.
His heart skipped a beat when he saw how Lucian was intimately leaning against Aubree.
What's going on?
Cayden already sensed something off when he saw Aubree at the room entrance earlier.
| recall that Mr. Farwell doesn’t like Aubree and is doing his best in courting Roxanne. Why is he suddenly so close with Aubree, then? Why did he ask Aubree to send him back when he was drunk?
Seemingly sensing his gaze, Aubree lifted her head to look at Cayden.
Cayden shuddered and quietly looked away. 
###Chapter 1102
Chapter 1102
Chapter 1102 A Rare Opportunity
By the time they arrived at the Farwell residence, Lucian still had not woken up.
Cayden took Lucian by the arm and helped him into the mansion.
As they went up the stairs, Cayden accidentally staggered a little, and Aubree reprimanded him immediately. “Watch it!” Knowing that it was his fault, he did not say anything.
Meanwhile, Estella was wide awake and waiting inside her room as she hoped to talk to her father.
When she heard Aubree’s voice, she seemed to sense something as though she was telepathic. She went to open the bedroom door and peeked out cautiously.
As soon as she did so, she saw Lucian being helped up the stairs by Cayden.
She ran over worriedly and tugged at Lucian’s sleeve cautiously. “Daddy?”
Aubree was in buoyant spirits after what happened in the car.
Seeing how concerned the little girl looked, she smiled and said reassuringly, “Your daddy had too much to drink, but you don’t have to worry. I'll take good care of him.”
However, Estella did not even bother to spare her a glance. Instead, she fixed her gaze on Cayden, waiting for him to explain. The smile on Aubree’s face froze as she followed Estella’s gaze and looked toward Cayden.
He felt a sense of helplessness with both of them staring at him.
In the end, however, he was considerate of Estella’s feelings and smiled as he repeated what Aubree had said. “Ms. Estella, Mr. Farwell just had too much to drink. He’ll be as right as rain after a good night's rest. It’s getting late, so you should quickly go to bed.”
Estella pressed her lips together and shook her head, stubbornly following close behind them.
The last time Daddy got sick, he didn’t allow me to take care of him. This time, I'll look after him no matter what they say! Watching the little girl follow them into Lucian’s bedroom, Aubree’s brows drew together almost imperceptibly. She said to Cayden, “I'll stay here. You can take her to her room.”
He seemed somewhat hesitant upon hearing that.
Mr. Farwell was the one who told me to come over. If she does something to him while I’m gone, how will | explain it to him tomorrow?
Estella was also uncooperative. She held onto the hem of Lucian’s shirt tightly and uttered a firm refusal in her piping voice. “I don’t want to! | want to stay with Daddy!”
Aubree clenched her jaw upon seeing that neither of them would do as she said. However, she quickly shifted her expression and crouched in front of Estella with a bright smile.
“Be a good girl, Essie. Your daddy is already asleep, so there’s nothing you can do here. You should go and rest.”
Raising her gaze and looking at Lucian, Estella saw that the latter was fast asleep indeed.
Here, Cayden piped up, “Ms. Estella, it’s getting late. I'll take you to your room.”
Although Estella still felt reluctant to do so after hearing that, she still nodded obediently.
As she left, she turned around and glanced at Lucian every couple of steps to check that he had not woken up before slowly following Cayden back to her room.
Finally, only Lucian and Aubree were left in the former’s bedroom.
Her gaze reflected the myriad of thoughts in her mind as she looked at the person sleeping soundly on the bed.
We're the only ones in the room now. That’s a rare opportunity. As long as | play my cards right, the position of Mrs. Farwell will be mine by tomorrow morning. Regardless of how unwilling Lucian will be, he'll have no choice but to give in. It’s just that I'll have to take some risks if | want to do that. If he wakes up midway, my plan will backfire.
Aubree weighed the pros and cons of the matter for a long time. In the end, she could not withstand the temptation of being Lucian’s wife and slowly approached the side of the bed.
“Lucian, it must feel uncomfortable to sleep like this. Let me help to wipe you down.” 
###Chapter 1103
Chapter 1103
Chapter 1103 What A Nuisance
Naturally, Lucian could not hear her voice, and Aubree only said it once. After she spoke, she went to get a towel, dampened it, then used it to wipe his face.
Despite being as careful as she could, she was not as gentle in her ministrations as she had never done something like that before.
Lucian knitted his brows in discomfort and subconsciously moved to avoid her hand.
Seeing that, she stopped what she was doing and leaned close to his ear. She whispered, “It also doesn’t feel nice sleeping in those clothes, right? I'll help you take them off.”
After saying that, she stretched out her hands carefully and undid the buttons on his shirt, one after another.
When she reached the third button, he frowned and grabbed her wrist.
Her heart skipped a beat, and her eyes gleamed with anticipation. She thought that something was about to happen between them.
To her dismay, Lucian pushed her hand away in displeasure and mumbled, “Don’t touch me!”
Then, he released her hand and turned on his side with his back toward her.
The look on Aubree’s face changed instantly. Nonetheless, she forced herself to calm down and reached out tentatively to nudge Lucian lightly.
“Lucian, are you awake? Lucian?”
However, he had fallen back into a deep slumber and did not respond.
Even so, she dared not resume her attempt to undress him.
After pondering for a moment, she mustered her courage and walked to the other side to stand before him. She lifted his arm, intending to lie down next to him and create the false impression that he had pulled her into his arms.
Just as she did that, the sound of footsteps came from the direction of the door, and she froze abruptly.
Cayden had not closed the door when he left earlier. Hence, he saw Aubree pulling Lucian’s arm as soon as he walked to the door. He had no idea what she was trying to do.
Upon a closer look, he also noticed that someone appeared to have unbuttoned Lucian’s shirt.
He furrowed his brows and looked at Aubree warily. “Ms. Pearson, why are you still here?”
She was momentarily overcome with guilt. However, she quickly composed herself and let go of Lucian’s hand. With a smile, she explained, “I was worried there’d be no one to take care of him if everyone left.”
“What were you doing just now?” Cayden pressed suspiciously.
A faint flush crept across her cheeks as she suppressed the guilt within her. “Lucian didn’t look like he was sleeping comfortably. That’s why | wanted to help him turn to the other side. Now that you're here, you can do it.”
Cayden stepped forward with a neutral expression and helped Lucian turn over.
However, as soon as he did that, Lucian shifted back to his original position.
Clearly, he had turned over by himself earlier and was not sleeping in an awkward position as she had claimed.
Cayden shot Aubree a puzzled look, and the latter smiled sheepishly.
“I'll take care of Mr. Farwell. You can go and get some rest first,” he said, politely hinting for her to leave.
Needless to say, she was reluctant to give in just like that. “Lucian called and asked me to come over, so how can | abandon him like this? | think it’s best if | take care of him.”
Hearing that, Cayden’s gaze flitted toward Lucian, who was still fast asleep. He could guess the latter’s thoughts on the situation. Mr. Farwell did indeed ask her to come over. However, now that | think about it, he only just broke up with Roxanne and probably doesn’t plan on progressing his relationship with Aubree so quickly, right?
With that thought in mind, he added, “Mr. Farwell needs to get changed and wash up. Since you can’t help with those, | should take over. You can rest in the guest room. I’ll inform you once he’s awake.”
His response annoyed Aubree.
If it wasn’t for Cayden, things might have progressed to the point of no return tonight. What a nuisance he is!
Nonetheless, she could not argue with him and had no choice but to agree coldly. “I'll go and rest in the guest room, then. Remember to let me know when Lucian wakes up.” 
###Chapter 1104
Chapter 1104
Chapter 1104 You Stayed With Me All Night
Aubree spent the night in the same guest room she stayed in during her previous visit.
As she entered the room, she could not help but recall what she had done last time.
For a moment, | even thought of using the same method to teach that little b*tch another lesson to see if she dares to be disobedient again!
However, it was only a fleeting thought because, ultimately, she was still afraid Lucian would find out about it. Now that she had hope, she would never be able to forgive herself if she lost it due to another mistake she made. As Aubree lay in bed, the scene from earlier in Lucian’s bedroom kept playing through her head.
| was so close to becoming Mrs. Farwell! If only Cayden hadn’t appeared!
Aubree stayed up all night, waiting for Cayden to come over and inform her that Lucian had woken up.
She never expected to wait until the sun was high in the sky, and he still had not come over.
The memory of Cayden’s attitude toward her the night before made Aubree grit her teeth. She got up from the bed and freshened up briefly before knocking on Lucian’s bedroom door.
“Lucian, are you awake? It’s me, Aubree.”
Soon, she heard footsteps inside.
Cayden opened the door and greeted the person standing outside politely. “Ms. Pearson, Mr. Farwell has not yet woken up. If you're up, you can go back first.”
Aubree responded with a frown, “In that case, I'll wait for Lucian to wake up before going back. Otherwise, I'll be worried.” “There'll be a meeting at the company in a bit. It'll be almost time for Mr. Farwell to head to the company when he wakes up,” Cayden lied with a straight face.
In other words, he was telling Aubree not to bother because his boss did not have time to spend with her.
However, she did not seem to catch his hint as she proceeded inside the bedroom.
As Cayden had mentioned, Lucian was still sound asleep on the bed.
His brows were furrowed, possibly due to the hangover.
“Lucian?” Aubree called twice, carefully.
Seeing no response from him, she gingerly reached out, wanting to smooth the lines between his brows as gently as possible. However, before her hand could touch his face, he suddenly opened his eyes. They were bloodshot from the hangover, and his voice was also incredibly raspy.
“What are you doing?”
Lucian regarded the person before him with wariness and indifference as he had just woken up and had not recalled the events of the night before at that moment.
Aubree’s hand froze mid-air, and she could not help but feel somewhat guilty when she met his guarded look. “I... | noticed that you were frowning, so | thought of helping you—”
“That won't be necessary,” he interrupted in a cold tone before she could finish speaking.
After saying that, he placed his weight on the bed and slowly sat up.
He had a splitting headache, and the memories of the previous night were slowly coming back to him.
| drank with Jonathan in the club and then... | got drunk and called Aubree to come over.
Lucian pinched the area between his brows as he recalled that, and his expression gradually relaxed. “You stayed here with me all night?” he asked.
Despite having a slightly stiff appearance, Aubree still kept a smile on her face as she replied, “I couldn't help worrying about you since it’s unusual for you to take the initiative to ask me to take care of you.”
She initially thought that if she said that, Lucian would at least show some care for her.
However, she never anticipated him just asking, “Where’s Cayden?”
That made Aubree choke a little as she turned sideways so that he could see the door.
Cayden stepped forward respectfully. “Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian was merely confirming that he did not spend the night alone with Aubree, so seeing his assistant in the room put his mind at ease. He nodded and said nothing more.
“Mr. Farwell, it’s time for Ms. Estella to go to school,” Cayden carefully said after checking the time.
He had been assisting Lucian with company matters as of late and was unaware that Estella had transferred schools. 
###Chapter 1105
Chapter 1105
Chapter 1105 Forget Roxanne As Soon As Possible
Lucian knitted his brows when the subject of Estella attending school was brought up, and he shifted his gaze to Aubree.
“Why don’t you allow me to send her there since it’s inconvenient for you to do it now?” Cayden took the initiative to volunteer. In the past, his boss would always get him to pick up Estella from kindergarten when he had matters to attend to, so Cayden thought it would be the same this time.
However, as soon as he was done speaking, he noticed that Lucian’s gaze had fallen on Aubree, who was standing to the side, and a feeling of dread crept into his chest.
Sure enough, his boss’ voice rang out in the next second. “That won't be necessary. Essie has transferred to another school, and you don’t know where the new school is.”
Hearing that, Cayden widened his eyes in shock.
Transferred to another school? How could Ms. Estella casually switch schools, given her condition? And without me knowing it, too?
“Aubree,” Lucian called her in a gentle tone.
The way he addressed her filled her heart with joy. “What’s the matter?” she inquired.
Lucian hesitated for a moment but still spoke in the end. “Please send Essie to her new school.”
Since I've already decided to cut ties with Roxanne, Essie should also get a fresh start. Let's start by getting familiar with the new kindergarten.
Even though Aubree was over the moon, she did not forget to show her concern for the little girl.
“Essie doesn’t seem to like the new school. Do you really have to let her go there? | don’t think it’s necessary to go to kindergarten. Why don’t you homeschool her? That works too.”
However, Lucian opposed it in a deep voice, “Given Essie’s current condition, she needs to interact more with people so that she can adjust to the new environment sooner.”
Aubree did not dare to continue persuading him, so she merely nodded. “I'll go and wake her up then.”
With that, she bade goodbye to Cayden, then turned and left the room.
Cayden hesitated for a long time, but in the end, he could not help but remark, “Mr. Farwell, are you sure you want Ms. Pearson to send Ms. Estella to school? | can also do that if you provide me the address.”
“It's fine. Let her do it,” answered Lucian.
Mother is right. Since I’ve decided to keep the engagement going, Essie has to learn to get along with Aubree.
After saying that, he got out of bed.
Cayden quickly dissuaded him, “Mr. Farwell, you should rest for a while longer. You don’t look so good.”
Despite being by Lucian’s side for so many years, it was his first time seeing his boss so drunk.
Lucian frowned as he walked into the bathroom and looked in the mirror.
His reflection stared back at him, a pallid man with pale lips and bloodshot eyes.
A flash of self-mockery flitted across his eyes as he took in his appearance.
| can’t believe | got so drunk because of a woman.
“You don’t have anything important scheduled for the day, so please rest for a while longer,” Cayden attempted to persuade his boss again as he trailed behind him.
Lucian looked away from the mirror. “No need. We'll keep to the schedule as planned.”
| need to focus on my work right now so that | can get Roxanne out of my head as soon as possible.
Cayden felt he could no longer convince his boss after several rejections from him, so he could only acquiesce in silence and head downstairs to wait for him.
When he came out of Lucian’s room, he saw Aubree still standing in front of Estella’s bedroom.
The little girl seemed to be still asleep. Aubree was cautiously knocking on the door, but her side profile made it hard for him to observe her expression.
However, Cayden could not help but feel bad for Estella when he thought of how the little girl detested Aubree. 
###Chapter 1106
Chapter 1106
Chapter 1106 She Would Reject It Even More
Estella had stayed up late waiting for her father to reach home the night before.
Moreover, she had taken to lazing around in bed in the mornings lately as she did not need to attend school for the time being. Early that morning, however, she was awoken by a persistent knocking on the door.
Estella got up blearily and made her way to the door grumpily.
She scrunched her brows begrudgingly as she took in the person standing at the doorstep.
“You're finally awake, Essie. Why don’t | help you wash up and prepare for school?” Aubree was all smiles.
Estella pursed her lips and shook her head.
She refused to let Aubree send her to school as she’d spanked her previously.
Aubree patiently coaxed, “It was my fault for being so irrational in the past. | promise to be nice and never force you to do anything you don’t want to, okay?”
She intended to bypass Estella and make her way to the bedroom. Aubree had barely taken a step before Estella moved into position and blocked her passage. The smile on Aubree’s face froze.
“Come now. We'll be late if we tarry any further. | heard from your Grandma that you only went to your new school for one day. Now that school has reopened, you should leave a positive impression on your teachers and classmates.”
Estella recoiled even further at Aubree’s words.
She did not want to go to school, let alone allow Aubree to accompany her there. “Don’t you want to make new friends?” Aubree patiently inquired.
Estella once again shook her head stubbornly. “No!”
Aubree’s eyes lit up.
This was the first time Estella had spoken to her when they were alone.
She used to avoid her and would refuse to utter a word in her presence.
Does this mean that our relationship has improved since she is willing to talk to me? Aubree was encouraged at the possibility and her tone softened even more.
“| know you dislike being in crowded places and new environments, but this is part and parcel of life. I'll wait for you outside your classroom if you feel scared.”
Estella eyed Aubree dubiously as she seemed to have undergone a complete transformation. Hadn’t she any clue I'd detest it all the more if she followed me to kindergarten?
Aubree extended her hand to pat Estella’s head and seemed to have more to say.
The astute Estella nimbly evaded her touch by taking a step backward.
Aubree’s hand hung in mid-air awkwardly.
Then, Estella scrutinized her expression.
Aubree would always become upset whenever she avoided contact with her.
As such, she was taken aback when the person before her didn’t seem affected by the least. It was a peculiar sight indeed.
Although Aubree’s attitude had improved vastly, Estella was convinced that she was merely putting on an act based on her past experiences.
Estella’s standoffishness was off-putting, but Aubree was willing to overlook it. At the end of the day, Lucian’s acknowledgment took precedence over Estella’s rejection. Hence, Aubree had no choice but to think of another way to persuade Estella since time was running out.
“| also believe it’s better that you study at home, but your daddy thinks otherwise. You wouldn’t want him to worry about you not going to school while he’s still recovering from his hangover, would you?” 
###Chapter 1107
Chapter 1107
Chapter 1107 Each With Their Own Thoughts
Estella’s resolve wavered at the mention of Lucian.
She had seen how drunk Lucian was the night before and surmised he must have drunk a lot. | wonder what Daddy was up to.
Aubree delighted at the indecision in Estella’s eyes and continued, “If you don’t want to attend school, | can help put in a word or two when your daddy's feeling better.”
It was only then that Estella relented and allowed her entry into the room.
Aubree got to her feet to let Estella get dressed while she picked out the clothes she would wear to school. Once the clothes were selected, she assisted Estella to brush her teeth.
Estella gradually began to let her guard down.
Aubree used to threaten her whenever they spent time together.
Estella supposed Aubree wouldn’t try anything since she didn’t seem inclined to do so this time.
Moreover, Aubree brought up Lucian in their conversation.
Estella was docile and compliant to her demands as she did not want to trouble Lucian. Nonetheless, her expression was still sullen.
She truly abhorred the idea of going to a new school.
The boys wouldn't be there, and she disliked her classmates and teachers.
Estella was led downstairs to have breakfast after she reluctantly changed her clothes.
Lucian was already seated at the dining table while Cayden stood respectfully beside him.
He raised his eyes at the sight of Estella and Aubree descending the stairs.
“Daddy.”
Estella released Aubree’s hand and trotted over to Lucian. She rested her arms on his lap and gazed into his eyes. Lucian’s head was still aching. Therefore, he resorted to patting Estella’s head without saying a word.
Estella had planned to tell him of her desire not to go to school but hesitated at his obvious state of discomfort. “Daddy, are you in pain?”
Lucian detected the concern in Estella’s eyes, and he comforted her with a smile. “Don’t worry. It’s just a bit of a headache.” Estella pouted her lips and asked out of curiosity, “Daddy, why did you drink so much last night?”
Lucian’s eyes darkened and he didn’t immediately come up with an answer.
Estella directed her questing gaze to Cayden.
He is always accompanying Daddy whenever he drinks for work.
Cayden was at a loss.
How could he bring himself to refuse the innocently adorable Estella?
Nevertheless, the truth was he had no clue what happened to Lucian as well.
Lucian had finished drinking by the time he got there last night.
Estella’s question reminded Aubree of Lucian’s inebriated state the night before. Her heart clenched as she eyed him steadily.
It must have been a personal matter since Cayden was not privy to it. Furthermore, Lucian had been with Jonathan.
Aubree felt a hint of displeasure as she thought of what Frieda had told her about Jonathan’s opinions toward Lucian and Roxanne.
Even so, Lucian still entrusted her to send Estella to school, which undeniably meant he would give up on Roxanne after their conversation last night.
She concluded that there was no point getting worked up about nothing. Everyone in the dining hall was preoccupied with their own thoughts.
Lucian’s deep voice sounded after a long moment as he tried to avoid answering Estella. “I went out with Mr. Queen yesterday and accidentally drank too much. I’m sorry for making you worry.”
Estella did not appear convinced as her gaze lingered on Lucian longer than usual.
She had a gut feeling that he was not telling her the whole truth. 
###Chapter 1108
Chapter 1108
Chapter 1108 | Am His Fiancee “Finish your meal. Ms. Pearson will send you to the kindergarten later.” Without giving the child an opportunity to ask further questions, Lucian retracted his gaze from her.
Though Estella was puzzled, she did not dare ask any further at the sight of her father’s scowl. Instead, she ate her breakfast obediently.
By the time she finished her breakfast, she was running late.
Aubree greeted Lucian before picking the child up for school.
Lucian frowned as he gazed at the pair’s departing silhouettes before calling, “Wait a minute.” Aubree froze abruptly in her tracks at the sound of his voice. Her heart clenched.
Lucian isn’t having second thoughts, is he?
Despite her fears, Aubree maintained her cheery smile. “Is there anything else, Lucian?”
With her hand held by Aubree, Estella gazed with her bright and clear eyes up at her father, also under the impression that her father had changed his mind and consented to allow her to skip school.
Lucian hesitated for a moment as he met their gaze. After several seconds, his brow relaxed as if he had come to a decision.
“Don't resist your teacher and your new classmates like you did the last time, Essie. | will be in touch with your teacher from time to time to find out how you're doing in school.”
The child puffed her cheeks reluctantly. “I understand.”
Aubree heaved a huge but secret sigh of relief. The smile on her face also became more genuine.
“| will speak to her teacher soon. Is there anything else? If not, I'll be heading off with Essie. She’s running late.” Lucian nodded indifferently.
With a smile, Aubree led the child away.
Upon getting in the car, Estella sat warily in the back seat and kept her lips pursed, refusing to utter a word. Aubree tried to speak in an effort to build a rapport with the child.
“Do you remember what your new teacher looks like, Essie? I’ve never met them.”
Estella nodded quietly.
Aubree was pleasantly surprised to see the child reacting to her words.
“Do you have any friends you like in your new class, Essie?”
Estella shook her head.
With only the two boys in her mind when she came to school, she never noticed the other students.
However, she remembered that she had been startled.
The other students must think that I’m a weirdo. That's fine. | don’t plan to stay long in that kindergarten, anyway. | will be back to be with the boys when Daddy and Mommy get back together!
Throughout the journey, Aubree kept casting about for new conversational topics to engage the child, who uncharacteristically responded to all of them.
As a result, she was in a splendid mood.
Upon arriving at the kindergarten entrance, Aubree led the child out of the car.
She was about to ask Estella to point out her new teacher when the teacher recognized Estella first.
“You're here, Essie!”
The teacher approached them with a smile, greeted Estella, and turned to the adult beside her. “And you are?” Aubree smiled as she inclined her head at the teacher. “Hello, | am Lucian’s fiancée, Aubree.”
The teacher’s employment at the prestigious institution was a testament to her qualifications.
The marriage between the Farwell family and the Pearson family was common knowledge in Horington. Naturally, the teachers in the kindergarten would know about it.
Thus, she could guess without another word from Aubree that the second half of her sentence was to proclaim that she was Estella’s future mother.
With that in mind, the teacher's attitude became much more respectful. “Hello, Ms. Pearson. | am Pamela Yaxley. You could call me Ms. Yaxley.” 
###Chapter 1109
Chapter 1109
Chapter 1109 No Trouble
Unlike Pippa’s disdainful attitude toward Aubree, Pamela was respectful.
In response, Aubree discarded her haughty attitude and nodded courteously at Pamela while pushing Estella toward her teacher. At the recollection of the child’s prior performance in class, Pamela could not help but feel slightly worried.
Though it was indeed an honor for her to have the heiress of the Farwell family in her class, she would not escape the consequences if any misfortune should befall the child under her care.
Aubree seemed to have seen through her concerns and smiled at her. “Essie’s condition is rather unusual as she is sensitive to a change in environment. Please take care of her, Ms. Yaxley. I'll treat you to a meal one of these days.”
Then, she lowered her gaze to Estella. “Say hello to your teacher, Essie.”
Aubree was trying her luck when she did that.
Earlier, in the car, the child had only been nodding or shaking her head in response to her words.
She was unsure if the child would heed her and greet the teacher.
If she defied me in public...
At the thought of that possibility, Aubree regretted her action at once and wished she had never uttered those words. However, the child’s voice sounded the next second. “Hello, Ms. Yaxley.”
The child even bowed politely as she spoke.
Aubree and Pamela were stunned by the child’s response and only regained their composure a moment later. “It seems that you got through to Essie. She has made remarkable progress.”
Pamela smiled as she delivered her compliment.
Aubree was even more pleased that Estella did not disappoint her. “Essie has always been a good child. She just needs time to get used to a new environment.”
Pamela nodded vigorously. “Don’t you worry, | will take good care of Essie and have her adjust to the new environment as soon as possible.”
Aubree smiled. “I trust that Essie will be in good hands.”
At that, she reached out to stroke Estella’s hair.
Under the impression that the child had warmed up to her, she thought she would be allowed to caress the latter's hair. Unexpectedly, her outstretched hand missed its mark.
Aubree’s expression froze, and upon recalling that Pamela was still standing before her, she recovered quickly to say with a smile, “Be good in school, Essie. Listen to Ms. Yaxley. Do you understand?”
Estella nodded rather reluctantly.
Without another word, Aubree nodded at Pamela once more before turning to depart.
The pair had conversed for such a long time that only Pamela and Estella remained at the kindergarten entrance when Aubree left.
Leading Estella by the hand, Pamela had the unnerving feeling that she had taken a hot potato upon herself. Desirous of his praise, Aubree hurriedly called Lucian right after leaving the kindergarten.
Meanwhile, Lucian was seated in the car with Cayden at the wheel on their way to Farwell Group.
Lucian frowned when he saw Aubree was calling as he thought something had happened to Estella.
As soon as he picked up, he heard Aubree’s smile in her voice.
“I'd dropped Essie off, Lucian. Ms. Yaxley took her in. You don’t have to worry.”
Lucian heaved a sigh of relief. “All right, thank you for the trouble,” he answered in a low voice.
Aubree’s voice lowered. She sounded embarrassed. “No trouble at all. It’s my duty. In the future... I’ll continue to pick and send Essie to school.”
Both of them knew perfectly well what she meant in the silence of her unspoken words. 
###Chapter 1110
Chapter 1110
Chapter 1110 What Is Going On
Frowning, Lucian fell silent for several seconds.
Within several short seconds, the smile slid off Aubree’s face.
Until Lucian’s voice sounded once more.
“Judging by Essie’s demeanor this morning, the relationship between you seemed to have improved by a lot.” Aubree froze for several seconds at his words before she registered what he said.
It was true that the child had been receptive toward her that morning.
Aside from rejecting her touch, Estella had responded to almost everything she had said.
It was a big improvement compared to before.
“| was the one at fault back then,” Aubree replied with a laugh. “I wasn’t patient enough with Essie. Now that I’m a little more patient, Essie can sense it and responds accordingly.”
“That’s good,” Lucian answered solemnly. “Enjoy each other’s company.”
Smiling, Aubree assured him she would.
Without discussing it any further, Lucian ended the call on the pretext of work.
Though he had already decided to proceed with the engagement, he did not have anything to say to Aubree. Meanwhile, Aubree hung up, but the smile remained on her face. She asked Frieda out for dinner.
After Frieda hung up, she packed up before heading out of the Queen residence.
As she emerged from the bedroom, she ran into Jonathan, who had just gotten out of bed and was in a foul mood for having too much to drink the night before.
In addition to being reminded of Lucian’s words the night before upon waking up, he became irritable, and his expression turned from bad to worse.
“Where are you off to this early in the morning?” Jonathan asked with a frown when he saw Frieda smiling from ear to ear.
Frieda looked pleased with herself. “Aubree invited me out for a meal. You wouldn’t know as you had too much to drink yesterday, but Lucian had Aubree pick him up and even had her send Essie to school this morning.”
Jonathan was stunned by those words.
He had the vague recollection of Lucian asking Aubree to pick him up.
However, he did not expect his friend to hand Estella over to Aubree’s care so quickly. Frieda became even more pleased at her brother’s dumbfounded expression.
“I'd told you long ago that Aubree would become Mrs. Farwell, but you didn’t listen and insisted on helping Roxanne. Do you believe me now?”
Jonathan nodded halfheartedly. “Whoever itis, it’s still the Farwell family’s business.” Frieda was about to say something scathing, but he rudely interrupted her.
“Drive safely. Also, think before you do anything. Don’t let yourself be used as a pawn as you did back then.”
Without another word, Jonathan walked down the stairs. Gazing at his back disappear down the stairs, Frieda stamped her feet in anger.
Though their elders treated them equally in the Queen residence, Jonathan had always been held in higher regard for official business matters.
It had been challenging to be on the right side this time, but Jonathan did not allow me to brag about it.
After being rooted to the spot for a long time, Frieda regained her composure and strode downstairs noisily in her heels. She even glared at Jonathan on her way past the dining table, where he was having breakfast.
However, Jonathan was too preoccupied with deciphering what Lucian was thinking to notice her glare.
When she noticed that he did not react, Frieda became even more annoyed when she left the house.
Her expression did not recover even after arriving at the restaurant where she had agreed to meet Aubree.
“What's going on?”
Being in a good mood, Aubree asked with genuine concern upon noticing her friend's gloomy expression. 
###Chapter 1111
Chapter 1111
“Let's not talk about it.”
Frieda took a sip of water irritably as she threw her purse aside.
Aubree raised her eyebrows with a smile. “Let me guess. Did you quarrel with your brother?” Frieda’s expression shifted slightly in silent admission.
Aubree’s smile became wider at the sight. She produced an exquisite box from her purse.
“Don’t waste your energy on him. Take a look at this.”
Frieda froze for a moment, puzzled, before receiving the box from her and opening it for a glimpse. The box contained a necklace by her favorite designer that haunted her dreams.
“Aubree, I...” Frieda gazed in shock at the person before her
Aubree surveyed the other with her chin in her hand. “It’s a thank-you gift. The idea you gave me worked out well.”
Frieda’s gloom was swept away in an instant. Putting the box away, she asked about Aubree’s situation, “How are things between you and Essie?”
Aubree was all smiles upon recollecting the incident that morning. “Not bad. The kid isn’t ignoring me anymore.”
She shrugged with a chuckle before continuing, “It would have been better for her if she had behaved this sooner don’t you think? | might have been nicer to her.”
Frieda did not dare ask how she used to treat Estella, so she merely said with a smile, “As long as your relationship with Lucian has improved.”
“The most important thing is Lucian has acknowledged the improvement in my relationship with Essie,” Aubree said, casually mentioning the most important news.
Frieda was surprised at those words. “Why did you say that?” Aubree recounted the exchange with Lucian over the phone earlier that morning. Frieda nodded eagerly. “If that’s the case, your marriage with Lucian is secured.”
Aubree nodded impassively. “So, you need not be angry anymore. When | marry Lucian, I'll put in a good word to Old Mr. Queen for you, and he will bring you back to power.”
Frieda smiled and raised her glass of water. “In the absence of wine, this will have to do. Congratulations in advance, Aubree.” The pair clinked their glasses, then their breakfast in high spirits.
In the meantime, Archie and Benny climbed out of bed early that morning, though without the same fervent excitement as they used to at the thought of returning to school.
With Daddy and Mommy’s quarrel in such a state, Daddy will no longer let Essie come to our kindergarten. At that thought, the boys descended the stairs in low spirits.
Upon arriving downstairs, they noticed their mother was already seated at the table.
“You're up, boys. | was just about to come up and wake you.”
Roxanne smiled at the children and began to set the table.
The children’s mood improved somewhat at the sight of their mother.
“Must we stay in this school, Mommy?” Benny asked instinctively after taking his seat at the dining table.
Roxanne’s hands froze at those words as she smiled helplessly at the child. “Are you not doing well at your current kindergarten?”
Benny lowered his head. “We want to be with Essie.”
Roxanne’s heart twinged bitterly.
She understood how the children felt.
When Lucian came earlier, she wondered if she could convince him to have Estella transfer back to her old school. Unexpectedly, her intention backfired.
Not only had she failed to have the child return, but she had also incurred Lucian’s ire to such an extent that he took her away. 
###Chapter 1112
Chapter 1112
CHAPTER 1112 “I'll send you guys to school later” Roxanne spoke up hesitantly while they were having their meal. “Mommy, are you done with work?” Archie and Benny's eyes lit up when they heard that
Although Estella was no longer in the same kindergarten as theirs, they were still delighted that Roxanne could send them to school.
Roxanne had been avoiding Lucian and Estella lately, so Lysa was the one who sent them to school.
Archie and Benny were envious when they saw the other parents send their children to school.
Faced with her boys’ questions, Roxanne couldn’t help but feel a little guilty. “Yeah. It’s almost done.”
The two little ones cheered and ate their breakfast obediently.
After breakfast, they carried their backpacks and waited at the door without having to be reminded by Roxanne. Roxanne, however, was a little hesitant.
She still had some work to handle that morning, but as much as she didn’t want to admit it, she wanted to try her luck and see if Lucian would change his mind and send Estella back to the kindergarten.
Even if the chance was slim, she didn’t want to miss it.
“Mommy, we’re going to be late,” Archie and Benny couldn’t help but urge after waiting for some time.
Only then did Roxanne return to her senses and smile at them apologetically. “Let's go.”
Having said that, she suppressed the hesitation in her heart, picked up her bag, and walked over to the boys.
When they arrived at the kindergarten’s entrance, Roxanne alighted from the car and walked Archie and Benny to Pippa. “Ms. Jarvis, it's been a while, Pippa greeted Roxanne with a smile.
Then, she lowered her head to look at Archie and Benny. The sight of the two boys caused sorrow to fill her heart.
She had gotten used to seeing them with Estella.
Recently, the sight of the boys would remind Pippa of Estella, and she couldn’t help wondering how Estella was doing in a new environment.
Roxanne hummed gently in response. “I’ve been busy with work lately. Thank you for taking good care of Archie and Benny, Ms. Ward.”
Both the ladies were a little distracted and didn’t chat for long. Pippa then brought Archie and Benny into the school.
On the other hand, Roxanne remained standing at the school entrance for a long time. Judging from the look on Ms. Ward’s face just now, I can tell Essie didn’t come.
To avoid missing out on the opportunity to meet Estella, Roxanne continued to wait in front of the school. However, there was still no sign of Estella even until the school’s gate closed.
Only then did she give up and return to the car in disappointment.
Just then, Colby called her and urged, “Dr. Jarvis, when will you arrive?
Roxanne had been doing research on the medicinal herbs from Herbscape Group all by herself.
Thus, no one dared to touch the medicinal herbs without her guidance.
Ignoring the disappointment in her heart, Roxanne replied, “Sorry. Something came up just now. I’ll be there soon.” Colby sensed something off from her tone and felt a little worried. “What's wrong? Do you need help?”
“No, thank you. It was already settled,” Roxanne answered, her voice sounding dejected.
Colby could tell she was unwilling to speak further, so he stopped pursuing the matter and hung up tactfully. Roxanne glanced around the school once again. Still, there was no sign of Estella.
A few moments later, she withdrew her gaze, laughed self-deprecatingly, and started the car engine to head to the research institute.
She had forgotten the fact that Lucian had always been famous for his decisiveness and determination.
Since he had decided to cut ties with her, there was no way he would go against his words. 
###Chapter 1113
Chapter 1113
CHAPTER 1113 In the kindergarten, Archie and Benny sat in their seats quietly while the other children were playing games. with Pippa They could sense something was off when Roxanne said she would send them to school that morning.
It wasn’t until Roxanne handed them over to Pippa that they noticed Roxanne glancing at the crowd from time to time as if she was looking for someone.
When Pippa led them into the school, they looked back and saw Roxanne still looking around
Although Archie and Benny said nothing, they knew Roxanne was looking for Lucian and Estella.
Mommy must feel terrible after the fight with Daddy that day.
At the thought of Roxanne’s sadness and disappointment, Archie and Benny’s moods were gloomy, too. “Archie, Benny, what's wrong?”
Seeing the listless look on the boys’ faces, Pippa walked over to comfort them, “Are you missing Estella?” At the mention of Estella, Archie and Benny's faces immediately fell. | wonder how Essie is doing.
“Don’t worry. Mr. Farwell will take good care of her.” Naturally, Pippa didn’t have the guts to call and ask Lucian. Thus, she could only reassure the two little ones as best as she could.
Knowing Pippa was comforting them, Archie and Benny flashed her a smile. “Don’t worry about us, Ms. Ward. We're fine. Just leave us alone for a while.”
Pippa didn’t know what else she could do besides comforting them by caressing their heads. Then, she got up and returned to the other children.
The sight of the children playing happily only served to worsen Benny’s already foul mood. “Archie, what do you think Essie is doing now? Daddy should have sent her to school, right?”
Archie, pressing his lips together, had the same concern as Benny He still remembered how Estella was bullied by her classmates when they had just joined the kindergarten.
Back then, she was still having trouble getting along with the other children despite the fact that she had been studying in the kindergarten for some time.
After she had finally adapted to the environment, however, Lucian transferred her to another kindergarten.
Archie was worried that the kids in the new school would bully Estella. What should we do if Essie is bullied again? We're no longer by her side now....
Benny knitted his brows and suggested with a straight face, “Why don’t we go look for Essie secretly? We have to at least find out how she’s doing at her new school.”
Archie was worried about Estella, too. However, upon contemplation, he put on a solemn expression and shook his head. “No. We can’t do that again.”
“Why? Aren’t you worried about Essie?” Benny was confused.
Archie regarded his brother seriously and asked, “Have you forgotten what Grandma said about us last time?”
Sonya had pointed at Archie and Benny and scolded them for taking Estella away the other day. Her tone was harsh, her words insulting
Most importantly, Roxanne was dragged into the mess because of what they had done.
At the thought of what had happened that day, Benny was dispirited. He sprawled on the table languidly. “Then what should we do? What if someone bullies Essie?”
Archie patted Benny on his shoulder and reassured him, “Essie has promised us that she will try her best to make Daddy reconcile with Mommy, so her emotions should be stable for now. If someone bullies her, | believe she will tell Daddy about it.”
After finishing his sentence, the little boy narrowed his eyes and said viciously. “Worse comes to worst, we will seek revenge for her in the future.” 
###Chapter 1114
Chapter 1114
Feeling a lot better after hearing what Archie said, Benny nodded profusely in response.
The two of them then went silent after that.
The silence was broken when an adorable voice called out to them from behind, “Archie! Benny!” Upon turning around, they saw a little girl with pigtails leaning against their desk.
“When will Essie come back?” she asked nervously.
Although she and Estella were pretty close, she knew nothing about Estella transferring to another school. Since Estella was often seen being around Archie and Benny, she figured she would try asking them about it.
Her question made Archie and Benny, whose mood had just improved, feel depressed again.
Even so, they couldn’t bring themselves to burst the little girl’s bubble when they saw the expectant look in her eyes. “She should be back soon,” they replied.
The girl’s eyes instantly lit up with joy. “I knew Essie would come back! Ms. Ward said Essie wouldn't be coming back anymore, but | didn’t believe her! I'm so smart!”
The little girl then happily returned to the crowd while Archie and Benny exchanged glances.
“We need to have Mommy and Daddy get back together as soon as possible!” Archie said with a serious look on his face. Of course, Benny understood what they had to do.
“What did Daddy tell Mommy the other day? She looked really upset! As for Daddy, he...”
Benny felt his heart ache as he recalled Lucian’s expression when he left the other day.
It's like Daddy won't be coming to see us anymore! Mommy and Daddy have gotten into fights in the past, but things have never gotten this bad before!
Archie shook his head as he didn’t understand the situation either.
We tried asking Mommy many times about what happened that day, but our efforts were all in vain. Even though Mommy answered all of our questions, it was obvious that she was lying to us. What happened? What is Mommy so afraid to tell us about?
“Is this about Mommy punishing Essie?” Benny suggested.
“No,” Archie replied with a frown.
Mommy wouldn’t have kept it from us if it were that simple. Come on, think! What could it be?
Neither Archie nor Benny had any idea what the reason was.
Suddenly, Benny thought of something and sat up straight in his chair. “C-Could it be about Mr. Damaris?”
Daddy had gotten into several fights with Mommy because of Mr. Damaris. Mommy and Mr. Damaris have gotten a lot closer ever since. Maybe Daddy is angry at Mommy because of this. Yeah, that has got to be it!
Archie’s eyes lit up when he heard that. Hmm... Benny does make a good point!
“Let's go talk to Mommy about this! We'll tell her to stay away from Mr. Damaris because we don’t like him!”
Benny’s suggestion reflected his pure way of thinking.
Archie, on the other hand, was able to see things from Roxanne’s perspective. “But Mommy is only in contact with Mr. Damaris because of work.”
He then turned toward Benny as he continued with a frown, “We both saw how hard Mommy worked to secure this job opportunity.”
Asking Mommy to give up on this job opportunity simply because we don’t like Mr. Damaris would be unfair to her Benny felt his heart clench when he recalled how busy Roxanne had been back then.
“But it's possible that Daddy and Mommy are fighting because of Mr. Damaris!”
Benny was still on the fence about this.
He couldn't choose between Roxanne’s career and Lucian. 
###Chapter 1115
Chapter 1115
The two of them continued discussing that matter throughout the rest of the day.
Being the more emotional of the two, Benny simply wanted Jack to leave so Roxanne and Lucian would get back together Archie, on the other hand, was more rational and didn’t want to affect Roxanne’s career.
However, neither of them was able to arrive at a conclusion even when school was over.
“Archie! Benny! Look who's there!”
Pippa spotted Roxanne waiting at the front gate the moment they stepped out the classroom door.
Archie and Benny were so absorbed in their thoughts that they didn’t even notice Roxanne standing there until Pippa mentioned it.
As they glanced at the gate, they saw that Roxanne looked absent-minded as well.
The look on Roxanne’s face made Archie and Benny more determined to help Lucian and Roxanne get back together. “Mommy!” Benny called out to Roxanne while running toward her.
Having been snapped out of her train of thought, Roxanne patted him on the head before instinctively scanning the crowd.
Despite having confirmed Lucian’s feelings toward her earlier that morning, Roxanne still found herself coming over when school was over that evening.
She refused to give up, but sure enough, she still saw no sign of Estella anywhere.
As Archie was walking a little slower, he clearly saw Roxanne searching the crowd for Estella.
Huh. | don’t get it. Why would Mommy keep fighting with Daddy if she cares about Essie so much?
“Let's go home, Mommy!” Benny said softly when Archie walked up to them.
Roxanne flashed him a smile and nodded in response, but her legs refused to move.
Maybe | should wait just a little while longer.
Realizing her hesitation, Archie reached out to hold her hand and said, “Essie didn’t come to school today, Mommy.” Naturally, that meant no one would be coming to pick her up.
Roxanne froze in surprise when she realized Archie had seen right through her thoughts.
“Come on, let's go home!” Archie added while giving her hand a light tug.
Having accepted reality for what it was, Roxanne replied with a wry smile, “All right, let’s go.” She then walked hand in hand with Archie and Benny as they made their way toward her car. It wasn’t until they entered the car that Benny realized Roxanne was looking for Estella earlier.
After discussing it with Archie the entire day and witnessing Roxanne searching for Estella, Benny couldn’t help but ask, “Mommy, could you give Mr. Farwell a call and ask him how Essie is doing?” That question caught Roxanne completely off guard and caused her to tighten her grip on the steering wheel “Mommy?”
Roxanne had wanted to tell them that it wasn’t convenient for her to call Lucian, but she couldn’t bring herself to say that when she saw how worried they were about Estella.
After hesitating for a bit, Roxanne replied, “I'll give him a call tonight and tell you boys about it tomorrow.”
“Okay!” Seeing how Roxanne had agreed to it so easily, Benny assumed the conflict between her and Lucian wasn’t that serious. As he leaned back against his seat, however, Archie jabbed at his arm and gave him a look.
Because of how well they knew each other, that look was all Benny needed to understand what Archie was trying to say. Mommy's lying! She’s not going to actually make that phone call!
Benny pursed his lips in disappointment when the sudden realization dawned upon him.
He then remained silent throughout the rest of the ride home 
###Chapter 1116
Chapter 1116
Chapter 1116 Roxanne and the kids had just entered the mansion when she saw Jack sitting in the living room. “Ah, you're all home!” Jack greeted them with a smile.
“Mr. Damaris came over this afternoon. | had him wait in the living room since he’s a friend of yours, Ms. Jarvis,” Lysa said as she came out of the kitchen.
Roxanne nodded in response and motioned for Archie and Benny to go and wash their hands. However, they refused to budge and stood there staring at Jack.
We were just talking about Mr. Damaris today! Who would’ve thought we'd bump into him so soon? Benny's eyes were filled with resentment as he glared at Jack.
Naturally, Jack was well aware of Benny’s hostility, but he pretended to not notice it.
“What brings you here today, Mr. Damaris?” Roxanne asked in confusion.
Jack lifted his chin slightly and gestured at her to look at the single-seater couch on the right. Roxanne saw a medium-sized basket on the couch, but she couldn’t make out what was inside. “What is this?” she asked with a frown.
Jack arched an eyebrow as he replied, “I told you about this before, didn’t 1? Our family would grant you access to our ancient medicine books if you become our business partner. My grandfather had me bring these over. Said they might be of help to you, Dr. Jarvis.”
Roxanne’s eyes lit up when she heard that those were the Damaris family’s ancient medicine books. She quickly walked up to the couch and opened the basket.
Sure enough, it was filled with all the ancient medicine books that she had wanted really badly before. “Thank you very much, Mr. Damaris! These are just what | needed!” Roxanne said in a cheerful tone.
Jack flashed her a faint smile in response. “It’s my grandfather you should be thanking. Of course, you can thank me tomorrow if you'd like.”
Noticing the confused look on Roxanne’s face, he continued, “Your research institute is running out of medicinal herbs, right? | just purchased a new batch. They should be arriving tomorrow.”
The smile on Roxanne’s face faded slightly when she heard that. “You're being far too kind, Mr. Damaris. | don’t know how I'll ever be able to repay you.”
Jack was about to say something when Benny called out to Roxanne from the bathroom, “Mommy! We've run out of soap!” Archie and Benny had been listening in on the conversation from outside the bathroom.
Roxanne was still upset about Essie on the way home, but she suddenly sounded all happy after seeing Jack.
Given how quickly her mood had changed because of Jack, it was only natural that Archie and Benny would get the wrong idea. Benny got so upset that he had to interrupt their conversation.
Of course, Roxanne didn’t give it much thought at the time. She flashed Jack a polite smile and excused herself to fetch the kids a bar of soap.
Upon entering the bathroom, however, she saw a brand new bar of soap on the sink.
Roxanne froze and stared at her two sons in confusion.
Benny reached out and tugged at the hem of Roxanne’s shirt, silently telling his mother that he wanted her to stop talking to Jack.
Roxanne was overjoyed to receive the books and the herbs, so she got carried away talking to Jack. It wasn’t until she saw Benny’s actions that she recalled how much they disliked Jack.
“Mr. Damaris is only here to give me something. He'll be leaving very soon. | can’t kick him out now because that would be rude,” she said with an awkward look on her face.
Benny tugged even harder on her shirt and shook his head profusely. “No!”
Roxanne didn’t have time to comfort him any further, so she just gave him a pat on the head and said, “Mr. Damaris is still waiting for me outside, so | need to get back to him now. Behave yourselves, okay?”
She then stepped out of the bathroom and made her way back to the living room. 
###Chapter 1117
Chapter 1117
Chapter 1117 Archie and Benny stayed in the bathroom for a little while longer before heading out. Roxanne was still chatting with Jack at the time.
She had wanted to get him to leave as soon as possible, but Jack started talking about the ancient medicine books halfway through the conversation.
Due to Roxanne’s incredible passion for medicine, she couldn’t help but get carried away talking about it again.
It wasn’t until Lysa told them dinner was ready that she snapped out of it.
“Would you like to stay for dinner, Mr. Damaris?” Roxanne asked out of courtesy.
Jack arched an eyebrow when he saw Archie and Benny standing next to the kitchen.
They were both glaring daggers at him and looked like they would tear him to pieces if he accepted her invitation. Because they were still kids, they just looked adorable no matter how fierce their expressions were.
Jack couldn't help but smile in amusement as he drawled suspensefully, “Thank you for the invitation, Ms. Jarvis. —”
He was halfway through his sentence when Benny cut him off, “I don’t feel like eating anymore, Mommy! | want to give Daddy a call!”
Instead of finishing his sentence, Jack deliberately paused and gave Roxanne a confused look. Roxanne was caught completely off guard by Benny’s words and began to panic. After taking a few seconds to regain her composure, she said apologetically, “I’m sorry, I-”
Jack nodded understandingly and interrupted her, “It’s all right. | think the kids might be feeling unwell. You should go take a look at them.”
Roxanne flashed him a grateful smile before walking toward Archie and Benny.
“Are you boys feeling unwell? Come on, let’s go upstairs so | can have a look at you,” she said while leading them up the stairs. As they trailed behind their mother, Archie and Benny turned around and shot Jack another cautious glance.
Jack simply responded by glancing back at them with a nonchalant smile.
The smile on Roxanne’s face faded the moment they got upstairs.
She then stared at Archie and Benny with a stern expression, only to let out a helpless sigh when she saw the defiant looks on their faces.
“Archie, Benny, Mr. Damaris is a guest, remember? You two need to be polite to him.”
“But you said Mr. Damaris was going to leave soon! Why did you have him stay for dinner?” Benny asked with a displeased frown.
I've never seen Mommy treat Daddy this well before!
“l only did that out of basic courtesy. Besides, you two heard our conversation. We were just talking about medicine, that’s all,” Roxanne replied.
She knew that Archie and Benny disliked Jack, but she wasn’t expecting them to make it that obvious. Roxanne felt her head ache at the mere thought of what Benny said earlier.
“Also, | only promised you two to call Mr. Farwell. | didn’t say anything about him being your daddy, so don’t go. making stuff up
now.
While Jack wouldn't associate those words with Lucian, things could get problematic if these two say it in front of Lucian, especially considering the current state of our relationship!
Benny threw a tantrum when he saw Roxanne defending Jack. “I don’t care! | want Mr. Farwell to be my daddy!” 
###Chapter 1118
Chapter 1118
Roxanne froze in shock when she heard that.
She was well aware of how much Archie and Benny liked Lucian.
Similarly, they also knew that she hadn’t been seeing Lucian ever since things went south between them. As such, Roxanne was surprised to see them being so stubborn about this.
For a moment there, she even wondered if it would be better to let Archie and Benny go with Lucian instead. However, she was quick to suppress that thought.
I’ve been working so hard all these years so | could live a comfortable life with Archie and Benny! All that hard work would be for nothing if | were to lose them!
After taking some time to think about it, Roxanne bent over and patted Benny on the head.
“Don't say such things ever again, okay? Mr. Farwell is Essie’s daddy. As for you two... Well, you'll get to have your own daddy someday,” she said with an apologetic look on her face.
Benny frowned and looked like he was about to say something in protest.
“| know you two don’t like Mr. Damaris. Don’t worry; he and | are strictly business partners. | won’t make you two call him ‘Daddy* or anything,” Roxanne added with a smile.
But | only want my daddy!
Before Benny could voice his thought, however, Archie cut him off, “Understood, Mommy. One of our classmates came to us and asked about Essie today. Benny’s just in a bad mood because he’s worried about Essie. Just give us some time to ourselves, and we'll be all right after a while.”
Archie then shot Benny a warning glance, prompting the latter to keep quiet.
The look in Roxanne’s eyes turned gloomy when she heard him mention Estella. “Mr. Farwell will take good care of Essie, so you two don’t have to worry about her at all.”
Archie nodded obediently in response. “I'll be sure to talk to him about this. You should head back downstairs, Mommy. Mr. Damaris is still waiting for you.”
Had it not been for Archie’s reminder, Roxanne would have completely forgotten about Jack.
“All right. You two stay here, okay? We'll have dinner together once Mr. Damaris leaves.”
She then patted them on their heads before rushing downstairs.
Jack was casually reading one of the ancient medicine books on the couch.
He looked up when he heard her footsteps and asked, “How are the kids?”
Roxanne felt a little nervous as she replied, “N—Nothing much, really. They were just throwing a tantrum because they got into a fight with some kids at the kindergarten today.”
Jack nodded and pretended to be unaware of their hostility toward him. “Yeah, kids are like that sometimes. You just have to be more attentive toward their emotions.”
Roxanne forced a smile at him and said with a nod, “Thank you for the kind reminder, Mr. Damaris. I'll try to keep that in mind.” She was about to invite him to stay for dinner, but the words were stuck in her throat when she looked at the dishes on the table. Of course, Jack noticed the subtle changes in her expression.
“Anyway, it’s getting late. It’s not often that my parents would come over to stay for a while, so | need to head back and have dinner with them. I’m afraid | won't be able to keep you company this time,” he said with an ambiguous look in his eyes.
Roxanne was just inviting him to stay for dinner out of courtesy, but he made it sound like she wanted his companionship. However, Roxanne’s mind was in such a mess that she didn’t realize how intimate his words sounded.
In fact, she even felt a little relieved as she said, “Oh, that’s all right! There’s nothing more important than spending time with your family, after all. You should get going, Mr. Damaris. Wouldn’t want to keep your parents waiting now, would you?” 
###Chapter 1119
Chapter 1119
Jack smilingly agreed, “I'll take my leave first. Look through these medical books and contact me anytime if you have questions.” Gratitude filled Roxanne’s eyes. “I will.”
Just like that, they walked toward the door one after another.
Before getting into the car, Jack whipped his head back and cast Roxanne a mysterious glance.
Noticing the man’s gaze, Roxanne scrunched her brows in puzzlement.
“It's truly a pity to miss the opportunity to dine with you tonight, Ms. Jarvis.”
Jack’s face was plastered with disappointment.
Roxanne was visibly stunned for a brief moment but politely replied, “There'll be opportunities in the future. Besides, | still have to thank you for providing medicines for our research institute, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack arched an eyebrow. “If you want to thank me, how about you personally whip up a meal for me, Ms. Jarvis?”
Without waiting for Roxanne’s reply, Jack added, “I’m sick of those restaurants out there, and | thought you probably have impressive cooking skills. | wonder if | have the privilege to taste the dishes you make.”
Roxanne couldn't say no since the man had put it that way. Thus, she could only agree. “If you wish, Mr. Damaris, | can cook for you. But | hope you won't be disappointed.”
Jack raised his brows and chuckled. “I won’t be disappointed as long as you're the cook.”
As his words fell, he turned and got into the car. “It’s a deal then. You'll cook me a meal next time. It’s late today, I’ll head back first.”
Roxanne nodded absentmindedly.
Is it just me, or does his attitude seem a little weird just now? We have always been nothing more than business partners. Why would he suddenly request for me to cook him a meal? Isn’t that a bit too intimate?
After watching the car depart, Roxanne headed back into the mansion, overwhelmed with mixed feelings. Meanwhile, Archie and Benny came downstairs after hearing the commotion.
Thinking about her promise to Jack just now, Roxanne could not help but feel a hint of guilt surge within her as she was aware of how repulsive the boys were toward Jack.
“The food’s getting cold. Quick, come and eat.”
She was attempting to divert the kids‘ attention.
Benny wore a sullen expression. “Mommy, how long more do you have to work with Mr. Damaris?”
Roxanne frowned in frustration. “That isn’t something | can decide on.”
Benny had wanted to say something more, but Roxanne quickly scooped some food for him and said, “That's enough. Hurry up
and eat.”
Knowing that Roxanne did not want to harp on the subject anymore, the boy reluctantly zipped his mouth. As much as Archie had tried to explain the situation to him and told him how his actions would put Roxanne in a tight spot, Benny still could not control himself.
Mommy hasn't had any contact with Daddy recently. In contrast, she meets Mr. Damaris almost every day. If this goes on, who knows if Mommy will feel something for Mr. Damaris?
While those thoughts were running through Benny's mind, Roxanne was totally clueless about it.
For some reason, she was especially troubled that day.
For one, she was worried about Estella. And two, she felt something odd about Jack’s behavior earlier.
That was why she was not in the mood to care about Archie and Benny’s feelings.
As Roxanne finished the meal restlessly, she inevitably felt an unnerving feeling rise within her again as she recalled her promise to the boys that she would call Lucian to check on Estella’s condition.
Fortunately, it seemed like Archie and Benny had forgotten about the matter after Jack’s sudden appearance and thus did not urge her about it.
Roxanne secretly heaved a sigh of relief, pretended nothing had happened, and watched the boys fall asleep before returning to her room. 
###Chapter 1120
Chapter 1120
Chapter 1120 Aubree called Lucian when it was almost Estella’s dismissal time and requested to pick the little girl up from school.
Lucian did not give it too much thought and assented to it as he thought there wouldn’t be a problem since the two were getting along fine earlier that morning.
Ever since Estella got spooked out in class the other time, her classmates started to see her as a weirdo.
For the entire day, many of her classmates shot her a look of disgust.
Because of that, Estella did not want to play with them too.
The arduous day at school made her miss Archie and Benny even more, and she was extra dejected after school.
When the little girl followed behind the teacher and saw the person waiting for her at the entrance, her face immediately fell. “Essie!”
Aubree, not noticing the expression on the little girl’s face, went up to her warmly.
Pamela politely greeted Aubree and took the initiative to share Estella’s performance in school. “Essie is a good girl in class today. It’s just that she’s not very familiar with the other children and so she isn’t very enthusiastic during games. But I’m sure she'll do better after a few days.”
Hearing that, Aubree bobbed her head in acknowledgment. “Thank you so much.” Pamela quickly plastered a smile on her face. “It’s what | should do. The credit should go to her parents for bringing her up well.”
Only after exchanging a few pleasantries with Pamela did Aubree recollect that she had yet to finish her task -to fetch Estella back home.
By then, the little girl was so hungry that her tummy had gone flat, and her gloomy mood became worse than before. Aubree bade goodbye to Pamela apologetically and brought Estella into the car.
“Ms. Yaxley says you're not enthusiastic during games. Is it because you don’t like the other kids in class?”
Estella’s behavior that morning had probably given Aubree the illusion that she could converse with the little girl casually.
“| know you want to play with those two boys, but they can’t possibly come over to accompany you. That’s why you have to try to make new friends soon.”
As soon as Aubree finished speaking, Estella blew her top off and lashed out, “I don’t want to!”
Archie and Benny will come to visit me! | will still play with them in the future! | don’t need new friends!
Aubree was taken aback by Estella’s attitude. “I’m saying it for your own good. You will only get well if you make more friends.” “lam not sick!” Estella retorted.
it was only then Aubree realized she had said the wrong thing. “I don’t mean it that way. | merely thought...”
She wanted to make things right again, yet did not know how to continue.
After all, that was exactly what she meant.
It was just that she had forgotten to cover it up.
“I'm sorry. | shouldn’t have said that. Can you forgive me, Essie?” Aubree carefully apologized after a short pause.
Sadly, Estella did not bother to give her any form of response. Aubree was undoubtedly in deep regret.
It had not been easy for her to stop Estella from ignoring her. Yet now, their relationship had returned to square one because of her wrong choice of words.
On their way home, Aubree tried her best to salvage the situation. Despite her umpteen attempts at explaining herself, she failed to garner a response from the little girl again.
As the car slowly rolled up at the Farwell residence’s entrance, Aubree felt an inexplicable sense of remorse surge within her. She recalled how Lucian said himself just that morning that her relationship with Estella had improved.
Hence, she did not want him to see how things were between her and the little girl now.
Unfortunately, Estella had absolutely no intention of cooperating with her and strode into the house with her bag.
Lucian had just returned home from work as well. The minute he saw Estella walking in, he noticed the expression on her face. “What's wrong?” Lucian asked concernedly as his brows knitted into one line.
Estella, however, only pursed her lips and glanced at him silently. Without spouting a word, she headed upstairs with her bag. 
###Chapter 1121
Chapter 1121
Aubree followed Estella closely into the room. Hesitantly, she muttered, “Lucian...”
She felt somewhat guilty when she noticed the young girl fuming at Lucian.
At the same time, she was relieved that Estella had not said a word to her father.
Lucian nodded at Aubree and said, “Sorry for troubling you to look after Essie.”
Aubree was delighted by his words. She sputtered, “Not at all. I'm happy to do this. Essie’s a lovely girl.”
As for how she upset Estella in the car earlier, Aubree decided to sweep things under the rug if the young girl kept things to herself.
“Dinner’s ready. Why don’t you eat with us?” Lucian offered.
Aubree was over the moon. “Sure.”
They entered the dining room one after another.
Catalina had already set the table for three.
Aubree said, “I'll go get Essie.”
Despite her suggestion, she was not confident about coaxing Estella downstairs.
After all, the young girl was put out because of Aubree, and she might not listen to her instructions. If she throws a tantrum in front of Lucian...
Amid her distress, Lucian piped up, “It’s fine. She might be angry at me. She still doesn’t like her new kindergarten. Let her calm down on her own.”
After that, Lucian picked up his cutlery and began eating.
Aubree stopped in her tracks, though the tension in her heart gradually eased. Still, she did not forget to put on her loving stepmother’s act.
“Essie’s still so young. She shouldn't be starving herself. If she doesn’t want to come downstairs, Catalina, could you put together a plate and bring it upstairs?”
Now it was Catalina’s turn to stiffen in shock. She was pleasantly surprised at Aubree’s thoughtfulness.
She quickly collected herself and began filling a new plate with some food. Then, she brought the food upstairs to Estella, leaving Lucian and Aubree alone in the dining room.
Silence fell over the room. It was absolutely stifling, yet Aubree quietly ate her dinner, as she dared not utter a single word. She had no idea how much time had passed before Lucian’s voice suddenly rang out. “How are Mr. and Mrs. Pearson?” Aubree’s heart skipped a beat. Elation bloomed in her chest.
In the past, she had always been the one scrambling to find a topic of conversation between herself and Lucian.
Now, however, Lucian took the lead and even asked after her parents.
Is this what | think it is?
The possibility filled her with hope, though Aubree suppressed her excitement and feigned composure.
“They've been well. It’s just that my dad, well...”
Here, she trailed off and smiled wryly at Lucian before continuing, “You probably know how he had a huge argument with me after the whole issue with our engagement. He even kicked me out of the house. And he still hasn't let go of the topic after all this time. I’ve told him that you won’t break off our engagement anymore, but he simply won't believe me.”
As she spoke, Aubree carefully observed Lucian’s expression.
She noticed his brows creasing slightly, and she inadvertently tensed as she awaited his answer.
I can’t be obvious enough with my hint. | wonder how he'll reply to that...
Lucian was not a fool, and he immediately knew this was Aubree’s roundabout way of asking about their marriage. It was also a thinly veiled request for him to clear things up with her parents.
But...
Despite making up his mind to go along with the engagement, he still felt irritated when Aubree brought the topic up.
It took him a long time to suppress his annoyance. In a low voice, he replied, “If you’re free, help me arrange a meal with your parents. | haven’t met them in a while.”
In a way, that remark answered Aubree’s hopes. As expected, Aubree agreed happily to his request. “Of course. I’ll tell them about it tonight!” Estella never appeared in the dining room, not even after Lucian and Aubree had finished their dinner
Aubree would not allow the young girl to throw a wrench in her plans, not after she had worked so hard to draw a promise out of Lucian regarding their engagement
After dinner, she offered, “Til head upstairs and check on Essie”
Lucian nodded indifferently in response.
She trudged upstairs, her heart in her throat
Catalina stayed with Estella in her bedroom and watched as the latter slowly ate her dinner.
When she spotted Aubree at the door, Catalina greeted her amiably, “Ms. Pearson”
Aubree nodded in acknowledgment and said, “You can head downstairs. I’d like to talk to Essie.”
Catalina hesitated briefly but had no excuse to protest the young woman’s wishes. Eventually, she left the room. Aubree and Estella found themselves alone.
Estella puffed her cheeks indignantly and slammed her fork on the table. She turned around and jumped on the bed, wrapping herself in the blankets. Then, she busied herself playing with her doll, seemingly intent on ignoring Aubree.
Her behavior caused Aubree’s expression to fall. She hastily approached the girl and pleaded, “Essie, | didn’t mean to say those things about you. Won’t you stop being mad at me, hmm?”
In the past, Aubree would have lectured the girl for her tantrum. However, Estella now held the key to her future, and Aubree had no choice but to worship the girl on a pedestal. Estella kept her head lowered and ignored Aubree’s pleas.
Aubree gritted her teeth and said, “Can you promise me not to tell your father about what | said to you in the car? Please? | promise I'll never say those things about you again.”
Estella harrumphed softly at her words.
She had no plans to tell her father about Aubree’s words in the first place.
Though she hated admitting it, Estella knew something was indeed wrong with her.
Still, even if she told her father about it, he would only say that Aubree should not have made those remarks. Telling him would not achieve anything.
Meanwhile, Aubree took Estella’s silence as an agreement and sighed in relief. “Well then, you should get some rest. I'll be here tomorrow to bring you to school.” 
###Chapter 1122
Chapter 1122
After finishing that sentence, Aubree turned and headed for the door.
Still worried, Aubree stopped at the door and added, “I promise I'll take good care of you in the future. Be a good girl, okay?” Only after she closed the bedroom door did Estella drop the doll in her hands. Tears welled in her eyes, blurring her vision.
| miss Ms. Jarvis, Archie, and Benny so much..
Downstairs, Lucian watched Aubree leave, though his thoughts remained on his sulking daughter Concerned, he headed upstairs to check on Estella.
His daughter was brooding under her blanket when he arrived.
When she heard her bedroom door opening, she thought Aubree had returned and wrapped the blanket tighter around herself. Lucian furrowed his brows in concern at her reaction. “Essie?”
Her father’s voice coaxed Estella out of the cocoon of her blanket.
“What's with you today? Why are you so upset?” asked Lucian as he sat beside his daughter.
Estella sniffled and shot her father a pitiful look. “Daddy, | don’t want my new school.”
Frowning, Lucian said, “If you don’t like your current kindergarten, I'll transfer you to a new one.”
She clung to his sleeve and wailed, “No! | want to go back!”
“No,” Lucian rejected her pleas coldly.
Realizing Estella was about to burst into tears, Lucian forced himself to soften his tone as he cajoled her, “Essie, don’t throw a tantrum. I've made up my mind about this. | won’t change it easily.”
Estella said piteously with teary eyes, “I want to talk to Ms Jarvis, Archie, and Benny
Lucian could not bear to see his precious daughter crying, so he stroked her head and comforted her, “How about another day when I’m not busy?”
“Really?” Estella grabbed his sleeves and probed
If Daddy is willing to give Ms Jarvis a phone call, does that mean there are chances for them to reconcile?
Lucian nodded without a change in expression “Yes.”
Essie would have come to accept Aubree by the time | finish my work. She won't bother me to make the phone call by then Unaware of Lucian’s thoughts, Estella broke into a smile as she thought her father would eventually call Roxanne
Afraid that Estella would mention Roxanne again, Lucian patted her head and said, “All right, get some rest. | have work to do” Estella nodded obediently as she watched Lucian get up to leave.
Meanwhile, Aubree was driving to the Pearson residence with delight.
As soon as she walked through the door, Gina called out to her. “What took you so long? Did Lucian ask you to stay for a meal?” Gina knew that Aubree went to pick up Estella from school.
At that moment, Aubree was in a great mood.
Upon hearing Gina’s question, she was suddenly reminded of something and sat down beside her mother with a smile, holding the latter's arm.
Feeling puzzled, Gina asked, “What did you guys talk about to make you so happy?” Aubree grinned and replied, “When are you free? Lucian wants to treat you to a meal.” “What?” A joyous smile formed on Gina’s face instantly.
They had waited for this moment for years. They had invited Lucian for a meal dozens of times throughout the years, but the latter turned down their offer each time.
Therefore, they could not believe that Lucian would take the initiative to meet them this time. Aubree smiled proudly, extremely pleased with herself. “Lucian was the one who proposed it. | was taken aback too”
Astonishment flooded Gina once again. “What’s wrong with Lucian these days? Why the sudden change?”
As soon as she finished the sentence, she remembered something and pursued, “How’s your relationship with Estella now?” Upon hearing Estella’s name, Aubree felt her head hurt.
“We were fine this morning, and even Lucian thought we were getting along quite well. However, when we got home from kindergarten...”
Gina’s heart sank at once. “What went wrong?” Aubree told her what had happened in the car. Panic seized Gina when she learned that Aubree had made Estella upset again
“Lucian must have believed that Estella has accepted you, which is why he’s treating us to a meal. This can’t go on. You have to fix your relationship with Estella.”
Aubree was also filled with frustration. The smile on her face faded away slowly when she heard her mother’s words. “I’m also thinking of a way.”
Frowning, Gina looked at Aubree and suggested, “Since Lucian has invited us for a meal, | don’t think he will oppose it if you want to stay at the Farwell residence.”
Aubree’s eyes lit up when she heard Gina’s suggestion.
| almost forgot about that! If | can stay in the manor, | can spend more time with Estella. By then, | won't have to worry about not having the opportunity to strengthen our ties.
With that in mind, Aubree came up with an idea. “Also...” Gina’s voice sounded again. “What happened between Lucian and Roxanne?” Lucian’s persistence toward Roxanne was evident to all of them.
Therefore, they were curious about his sudden change of mind. 
###Chapter 1123
Chapter 1123
Hearing her mother mention Roxanne, Aubree was a little irritated “Is she even worth mentioning?”
Since Lucian had decided to meet Aubree’s parents officially, that meant they were only a step away from getting married From her perspective, regretting this decision would not be one of Lucian’s options.
However, that was not enough to soothe Gina’s worries
“In any case, Roxanne is still Estella’s biological mother. What if Lucian regrets it? There is nothing we can do if he chooses to go back on his word”
Aubree’s heart sank when she heard that I've come this far, and | won't allow Lucian to regret it again!
However, her concern did not go unnoticed Gina said faintly, “If you don’t want Lucian to go back on his words, you must figure out what happened between them. If there is a misunderstanding between them, we will prevent them from clearing it up.”
An icy glint flashed across Aubree’s eyes. “Got it!”
Gina looked at her daughter as mixed feelings surged within her heart. “I hope you won’t blame me for dampening your spirits. We've waited for six years, and we’re not going to wait any longer.”
Aubree smiled. “I should be thanking you for reminding me.” The two chatted about Lucian for a while before Aubree returned to her room.
After being blackmailed by Cory the last time, Cory left Aubree another new contact number that Lucian would not find out.
Deep down, Aubree still had her reservations.
However, her mother’s reminder left her no choice but to risk it and give it a shot. She gritted her teeth and tried making the call.
The person on the other end answered almost immediately.
“Ms. Pearson, can | help you?” Cory’s lazy voice sounded over the phone. 
###Chapter 1124
Chapter 1124
Chapter 1124 Aubree couldn’t help hesitating.
This man ripped me off! Is it wise to work with him again? However, he is the only person who can escape Lucian’s investigation...
Cory was starting to get impatient on the other end of the line. “If there’s nothing else, I’m hanging up. It’s late, and we private detectives have to get some sleep too.”
“Wait!” Aubree hastily stopped him from hanging up. “I need to talk to you,”
Cory arched a brow. “Oh? What else do you have to say? | did not owe you anything in your previous commission. If you have another request, you will have to pay extra.”
Cory was apparently trying to rip Aubree off again. Aubree clenched her fists tightly. “I’ve given you ten million! What you did previously isn’t even worth that much!” As soon as she finished saying that, she heard Cory sneering. “I’m afraid you've misunderstood. The ten
million you gave me is for my service fee and the price of buying the photos I’ve taken. Or do you think those photos are worthless?”
Aubree gritted her teeth. “How much more do you want?”
Without any hesitation, Cory named his price. “Ten million.”
Another ten million!
Aubree flew into a rage. “Don’t cross the line. We are in the same boat, remember?”
Cory shrugged nonchalantly and said. “That's why | ask for this much. Don’t forget that Mr. Farwell’s men are tailing me now. It’s way harder to stalk him now.”
After saying that, he turned to look around.
Lucian’s men were still watching him in the shadows.
Although Lucian had decided to cut ties with Roxanne, in the end, Estella was also one of the victims who suffered previously. Naturally, Lucian would not let the mastermind go easily.
Aubree could not refute Cory’s words. After weighing the pros and cons, she clenched her teeth and agreed to the latter’s request. “All right, but you must do a good job!” 
###Chapter 1125
Chapter 1125
Cory was in a good mood, knowing he had once again made a fortune. He then said, “Of course. Ms. Pearson, I’m sure you’ve come to me again because you believe in my capabilities. Now, tell me. What is it that you want me to investigate?”
Narrowing her eyes, Aubree said, “Investigate what happened between Roxanne and Lucian!” Cory let out a meaningful chuckle when he heard what she said. Aubree questioned coldly, “Why are you laughing?”
As if unaware of her anger, Cory muttered, “Since you’ve agreed to the price | proposed so readily, | have to show you something.”
With that, he took out a phone from the bag beside him and typed away on the screen.
Soon, Aubree received a few messages on her phone.
“| believe what you're about to see won’t disappoint you, Ms. Pearson.” Cory sounded confident.
Aubree furrowed her brows and swiped open her phone, checking the messages he sent
The chat interface showed that Cory had sent her more than ten pictures.
Each picture was attached with the time it was taken.
Those were recent pictures of Roxanne and Jack hanging out together.
Judging from the date attached, the two had been meeting each other almost every day.
Moreover, they seemed intimate with each other in the pictures.
Aubree was hesitant. “What does this mean? Are you trying to suggest that Jack was why Lucian and Roxanne separated?”
On the other end of the line, Cory said in a mischievous tone, “Come to think of it, it’s kind of amusing. The princess of the Farwell family stayed overnight at Ms. Jarvis’ house. The next morning, Mr. Damaris came. After that, Mr. Farwell came in the afternoon as well. Then, he left with her daughter and never returned to Ms. Jarvis’ place again.”
There must be some correlation between these two incidents judging by the time they happened.
However, Aubree was still doubtful.
Roxanne and Jack meeting up frequently was no longer something new.
Before this, she had tried disclosing this matter to Lucian, but nothing significant happened.
Lucian indeed got furious, but he didn’t cut off contact with Roxanne because of it.
However, Aubree couldn't think of anything other than this that would possibly cause Lucian and Roxanne’s separation. Consequently, she was filled with puzzlement.
A few moments later, Aubree broke the silence. “It shouldn't be this simple. Continue to investigate and find out why Lucian and Roxanne separated. Otherwise, you will not receive a penny from me!”
“Ms. Pearson, are you threatening me?” Cory’s tone turned cold.
Roxanne was momentarily at a loss for words. After struggling to suppress her anger, she said, “My apologies. | shouldn't have said that. I’m counting on you.”
Satisfied with her response, Cory scoffed, “That’s better. Don’t forget that we're not in a simple employer- employee relationship He then hung up without giving her a chance to reply.
Aubree’s face clouded over as she stared at the darkened phone screen.
| swear | won’t show Cory any mercy once I’ve become Mrs. Farwell in the future.
She then remembered something and scrolled through the pictures Cory sent her.
Acold glint flashed across her eyes as she looked at the way Roxanne and Jack interacted with each other in the pictures.
Regardless of the reason behind Lucian and Roxanne’s separation, Roxanne’s relationship with Jack is still worthy of exploitation! It'd be even better if | can get something to actually happen between them...
However, she couldn’t come up with a plan for the time being.
Hence, she needed to discuss with someone how to put her idea into action. 
###Chapter 1126
Chapter 1126
Chapter 1126 Remembering her task of bringing Estella to school tomorrow, Aubree set an alarm for six o’clock in the morning. She felt extremely irritated when the alarm rang the next morning, disturbing her slumber.
Last night, she barely got any sleep as she couldn't stop thinking about Roxanne and Jack. She had only slept for three to four hours
Raising her hand to turn off the alarm, she closed her eyes, wanting to go back to sleep.
But | still need to gain Lucian’s favor
After lazing around under the covers for a while, Aubree reluctantly climbed out of bed, suppressing her anger. She then went downstairs after washing up.
Gina was leisurely watering the flowers downstairs and was surprised to see her daughter up so early. “Why are you up so. early?”
Still grumpy from lack of sleep, Aubree’s expression was grim. “I have to send Essie to school.”
Hearing that, Gina bobbed her head understandingly. “You should. You’re suffering now in exchange for a bright and happy future after you marry Lucian. Hang in there.”
Aubree was, of course, aware of this. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have woken up this early in the morning. “Did you look into what | told you last night?” Gina turned to look at her daughter after she finished watering the flowers.
At the thought of that matter, Aubree nodded with furrowed brows. “Yes, | asked someone to investigate it, but I’m not sure what's the reason.”
She had been pondering about it all night long. According to the information Cory had provided her, Roxanne’s daily routine hardly changed during this period.
It won’t make sense to say that Lucian gave up on Roxanne because of her relationship with Jack. Roxanne is already on friendly terms with Jack before she and Lucian had a fallout.
However, if that wasn’t the case, Aubree couldn't think of another reason.
Seeing that her daughter had taken what she said into consideration, Gina stopped saying anything else. After the two had a simple breakfast, Aubree drove to the Farwell residence.
When she arrived, Lucian was having breakfast with Estella.
The man frowned slightly when he saw Aubree. “Why are you here this early in the morning?”
Aubree said, beaming. “Farwell Group is quite far away from Essie’s kindergarten, and it'd be quite inconvenient for you to make a trip there. So, | was thinking I'd do it instead.”
With that, she flashed Estella an amicable smile. Estella pursed her lips in silence as she remembered what had happened between them yesterday.
Lucian, on the other hand, pondered for a moment, feeling inexplicably awkward.
Estella stayed with Roxanne for some time before she transferred to the new kindergarten. Back then,
Roxanne would be the one sending Estella to school.
Now, however, Estella had transferred to another kindergarten, and the person who sent her to school had also changed. Aself-deprecating look flashed across Lucian’s eyes when he realized what he was thinking.
I've already decided to cut ties with Roxanne. So why am | still thinking about her?
Aubree felt somewhat uneasy when she didn’t get a response from Lucian after a long time, thinking he was giving her the cold shoulder again.
“If you have already asked someone else to send Essie, I’l- Before she could finish her sentence, Lucian’s deep voice sounded. “You're here just in time. Have you had breakfast? If not, come join us.”
When Aubree heard that, her eyes lit up suddenly. “It’s fine. | got up very early, so I’ve already eaten.
After that, she pointed at the couch cautiously. “I'll sit on the couch and wait.” 
###Chapter 1127
Chapter 1127
Chapter 1127 Lucian nodded, his expression giving nothing away as he continued to have breakfast with Estella. Estella was reluctant to go to school, and she ate exceptionally slower than usual.
Her appetite plunged with Aubree’s sudden visit, and it took a turn for the worse when the woman expressed her intention of sending Estella to school later.
Estella put down her fork gloomily.
Lucian did not make much of her demeanor and assumed that Estella was only acting out because she didn’t want to go to school. In a low voice, he ordered, “Follow Ms. Pearson after you're done with breakfast.”
Estella’s face sank. She gave her father a puppy-eyed look.
However, before she could say anything, Aubree’s voice rang. “Don’t worry. It’s still early. Essie can still have more food if she’s not done yet.”
Estella furrowed her brows and shot her a look.
Aubree was afraid that the little girl, if unhappy, might tell Lucian what happened yesterday. Hence, Aubree didn’t give her a chance to speak.
Noticing that Estella was looking at her, Aubree immediately said, “Are you done, Essie? We can go now if you’re done with your breakfast!”
Estella puffed her cheeks in exasperation, as Aubree interrupted her right when she was about to talk. Aubree grew more and more apprehensive as she trained her eyes on Estella. “I'll see you guys to the door.”
Lucian was thinking that even though Aubree’s relationship with Estella had recently improved, the little girl might still need to get herself used to Aubree taking care of her. He wanted to help the two of them get along.
Then, he put down his fork and started to clear the table. Estella was alarmed when she noticed Lucian standing up. “I don’t want to go to school!” Lucian frowned. “If you don’t go now, it’s going to be more difficult for you to get used to getting along with others.”
Estella remained seated in her chair and turned her head away grumpily to avoid Lucian’s gaze, making a physical proclamation of her protest.
The atmosphere between the father and daughter became very tense in the dining room. Aubree hadn't expected that that would happen and took a few moments to fully grasp the situation.
“Lucian, Essie is still young. Don’t force her. If she really doesn’t feel like going to school, so be it. | know a friend who can do homeschooling-”
Lucian interrupted in a cold tone before she could finish, “No. We can’t indulge her.”
The thought of letting Estella be homeschooled did cross his mind as well.
However, when he thought about how Estella had been doing recently, Lucian was suddenly reminded of his initial intention of sending his daughter to kindergarten.
It was imperative for Estella to get along with others to improve her condition, and it would be best that others approach her.
Besides, it had taken her so much effort to improve her condition by this much. If she continued to stay cooped up in the house, Lucian was afraid that Estella might relapse.
That was definitely not something he wanted to witness. “But...” Aubree pretended to take Estella’s side.
Naturally, she was hoping that the little girl would go to kindergarten. Otherwise, she would have lost her chance to show herself in front of Lucian.
However, there were times when concessions had to be made.
It was apparent that Lucian had already made up his mind. He turned around to head for the door, not caring whether Estella had tried to keep up.
At the sight of her father turning her back against her, Estella was aggrieved. Even Ms. Pearson is saying that it’s all right if | don’t go to school. Why does Daddy insist that | go?
Moreover, it was obvious from Lucian’s body language that he would no longer pay heed to her if she didn’t keep up. 
###Chapter 1128
Chapter 1128
Estella looked at her father, who was already at the door and turned to look at Aubree, who was still standing by the couch. A few moments passed, and the little girl finally begrudgingly got out of her chair and jogged to keep up with Lucian Aubree let out a relieved sigh and caught up to them as well.
“Daddy,” Estella mumbled. She gave her father a puppy-eyed look and tugged at the corner of his shirt in a bid to curry favor with her father.
Lucian lowered his gaze to meet Estelia’s. He lifted his hand and patted her head. “I’m really busy lately. Please don’t throw a tantrum at me.”
Estella pursed her lips in disapproval, refusing to believe what he said. She knew as a matter of fact that Lucian was in a bad mood because he had quarreled with Roxanne.
Estella was flabbergasted that Lucian was still trying to lie to her, despite the fact that even she knew the real reason her father was upset.
Why are adults so weird? Why doesn’t Daddy just make up with Ms. Jarvis?
Of course, Lucian had no idea what was on Estella’s mind. He averted his gaze after he was done talking and turned to look at Aubree, who was standing right behind Estella.
As Aubree’s attention had always been on him, she flashed him a smile the moment his gaze landed on her. “What's the matter?” Lucian furrowed his brows and asked in a low voice, “Have you asked your parents? What did they say?”
Aubree was overjoyed to hear him. However, she gave nothing away and replied, “I talked to them when | got back home yesterday. They said that since you’re busy, we could arrange to have a meal together at your convenience.”
She sounded like a considerable and genteel woman. Aubree carefully gauged Lucian’s reaction after she was done talking.
If he was serious about setting a date for their wedding, he wouldn’t have a reason to delay having a meal. together with her parents.
Moreover, Lucian was the one who brought up the topic today. Thinking that Lucian was contemplating on setting a date right away, Aubree was brimming with hope. However, moments passed by, and she couldn’t seem to get a response from him.
Aubree’s heart sank, but she had to put up an understanding front and said, “I know you’ve been busy lately. There’s no need to rush to have a meal together. We can always do it after you’re done dealing with your matters.”
Lucian finally responded and nodded impassively.
Aubree gritted her teeth.
It was clear as day that Lucian was still on the fence about their marriage.
The deafening silence was Lucian trying to tell Aubree to let him off the hook.
“It's getting late. You should send Estella to school,” he uttered in a swift attempt to change the topic of conversation.
Aubree didn’t feel right to press on and forced a smile. “All right. I’ll go pick her up later so that you don’t need to make another trip.”
Ahint of hesitation fleeted across Lucian’s eyes.
However, when he thought about how he'd just got himself out of having a meal with her parents, Lucian felt bad for rejecting her goodwill yet again.
Hence, he agreed and said, “Essie will be in your care then.”
Aubree’s lips pursed into a thin smile. She wanted to leave after bidding goodbye to Lucian. However, the little girl refused to let go of Lucian’s shirt
“Essie, we’re going to be late if we don’t leave now,” Aubree egged her on with a strained smile. The little girl pouted and cast a glance at Lucian stubbornly.
Lucian suddenly recalled something and held Estella’s hand. “Let’s go. I’m sending you.”
The little girl finally relented and followed her father out of the mansion.
Aubree heaved a sigh of relief and jogged to keep up with them. 
###Chapter 1129
Chapter 1129
After sending Estella into the car, Lucian left.
Aubree started the engine and slowly drove toward Estella’s kindergarten.
On her way there, she tried to tell the girl not to take what she had said the day before to heart.
However, no matter what she said, it was as if Estella could not hear her-the girl just kept fidgeting with her fingers. Aubree gritted her teeth at that. It took her a long time before she managed to stop herself from actually hitting Estella.
After sending Estella to the kindergarten, she dared not linger around, fearing that her urge to hit the girl would reveal itself if she were to stay there a second longer.
On the other side, Roxanne sent Archie and Benny to the kindergarten early in the morning.
She found out that Lucian was not going to send Estella there anymore, so there was no need for her to stay away from the kindergarten anymore.
Furthermore, she knew that the boys were feeling awful lately. If she sends them to kindergarten herself, the boys would be in a better mood.
Upon reaching the entrance, Roxanne suddenly recalled something. In a worried tone, she said to the boys, “You can’t sneak off to look for Essie even if you miss her. If you really want to meet her, you have to tell me about it.”
Roxanne would not know what to do if the boys sneaked off to look for Estella again.
Lucian clearly wanted to cut ties with me based on the way he left. Well, it’s what | wanted all along too. | don’t want Lucian to think that I’m regretting this.
The boys obediently answered, “Got it, Mommy.” Roxanne then patted their heads apologetically before asking them to enter with Pippa.
After watching the boys disappear from her line of sight, Roxanne turned and went back into her car. At the same time, she let out a sigh of relief.
She had been wracked with worry since waking up about whether or not the boys were going to ask her what happened after she called Lucian.
Archie and Benny knew her too well; they would figure out her lies swiftly.
If they really interrogated her about the matter, Roxanne would not know how to answer them.
Fortunately, it seemed like Archie and Benny had forgotten about the matter after Jack’s appearance the day before. Even after stopping the car at the research institute’s entrance, Roxanne was still feeling conflicted.
That was why it took her a while to register the two minivans parked before the research institute.
“Dr. Jarvis.”
Colby was with a few researchers, and he was instructing the workers to transport the medicinal herbs.
His expression changed when he saw Roxanne, but he soon schooled his expression to a neutral look before walking over to her nonchalantly.
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled at him before casting a confused look at the busying workers. “These are...”
With a smile, Colby explained, “I heard that these are a batch of medicinal herbs given to us by Mr. Damaris. Mr. Damaris said that he has already told you about it.”
Roxanne froze for a second before finally recalling the conversation she had with Jack.
Jack did mention that he was going to send a batch of medicinal herbs to the research institute when he came to deliver me the book about ancient medicine yesterday.
However, Archie and Benny threw a tantrum then, so Roxanne did not manage to find out more about the batch of herbs. | never thought that he would give me such a large batch.
“Dr. Jarvis, our research institute could get enough supply of medicinal herbs all thanks to your good relationship with Mr. Damaris,” Colby politely said when he noticed that Roxanne was in a daze.
As he spoke, his gaze was fixed on her face, seemingly trying to catch her changing her expression. 
###Chapter 1130
Chapter 1130
Chapter 1130 Hearing that, Roxanne instinctively furrowed her brows as her tone turned indifferent.
“Oh, no, no. Mr. Damaris is only a business partner. He has provided us with the medicinal herbs in time to ensure that the research continues according to schedule.”
Colby’s words had reminded Roxanne of her boys, and certain thoughts crossed her mind.
How will the boys believe me if even Colby has mistaken my relationship with Jack? Also, | simply can’t think of why others will mistake the nature of my relationship with Jack.
Colby flashed her an unfazed smile. “You don’t need to be in a hurry to deny it, Dr. Jarvis. After all, it’s normal for Mr. Damaris to be impressed by someone as skillful as you, Dr. Jarvis.”
Then, as if fearing Roxanne would not know about what they knew, he beamed and said, “I’m afraid you don’t know about this, but everyone in the research institute has been talking about your relationship with Mr. Damaris.”
Roxanne stiffened. “What are you talking about?”
Colby shrugged. “Mr. Damaris is always by your side when he visits the research institute, and he’s so considerate of our establishment. It will be difficult for us to not assume that the two of you aren’t romantically involved.”
Roxanne parted her lips but soon realized she had no way to refute that. Thus, the only thing she said was, “Dr. Galloway, if you ever hear anyone talking about this again, please explain to them that Mr. Damaris and | are only friends. There isn’t anything else between us.”
Colby inclined his head. “I will.”
Then, he added, “Still, this matter won’t die down just because they hear an explanation or two from me. If you don’t wish for others to mistake your relationship with Mr. Damaris, it’s best to keep a distance from him.”
Roxanne nodded. “Thank you for the reminder. | will pay attention to that.”
After that, Colby said nothing else and led his men to take stock of the medicine.
Unbeknownst to Roxanne, a peculiar look flashed across Colby’s eyes.
Jack had been going to the research institute almost every day.
Every time he was there, the two of them would take almost half a day to talk about the progression of the research.
Indeed, the other employees at the research institute had been talking about them, but Colby’s earlier words mostly stemmed from his worries about their relationship.
Only after hearing Roxanne’s denial did Colby finally feel relieved. In contrast, Roxanne only felt more and more frustrated after what Colby had said. In the afternoon, Jack came to the research institute as usual to discuss the research’s progress.
“How’s the research? Was the batch of medicinal herbs | sent in the morning enough? If not, | can get another batch, Jack said to her in front of other researchers.
Roxanne did not know whether it was a trick of his mind or not, but she felt as if everyone around her was watching them right after Jack said that.
However, when she lifted her head to survey her surroundings, she only saw them busying away with the research.
At that, Roxanne began jeering at herself.
At the end of the day, she was only worrying about that because she was feeling guilty after hearing Colby’s words.
Speaking of which, I’m always by Colby’s side too, so why is Jack the only one they think I’m romantically involved with? Then, the thought of her two sons popped into her head again, and Roxanne pressed her lips tightly together.
“Dr. Jarvis?” Jack called out, puzzled when he noticed her expression. “What are you thinking about?”
Roxanne snapped back to her sense and gave him a quick smile. “Nothing.”
“These medicinal herbs...”
Right as Jack was about to say something, Roxanne cut him off by saying, “Why don’t we talk outside? Let's not disturb the people’s concentration in their experiments.” 
###Chapter 1131
Chapter 1131
Jack froze for a few seconds before coming to some kind of realization and agreeing to it. The two of them then went out of the research institute.
Alook of delight danced across Colby’s face when he saw them leave.
Ever since Jack came for Roxanne, Colby had been keeping his focus on the two. Therefore, he saw the look of struggle on Roxanne’s face.
Evidently, what he had said in the morning was effective.
Meanwhile, Roxanne came to a stop in her tracks at the entrance of the institute with mixed feelings still surging in her heart. In the meantime, Jack stopped behind her.
“Sorry.” Roxanne had calmed herself down on their way out and realized that she had been a little too carried away earlier.
Jack raised a brow and teased, “What's the matter? Why are you apologizing to me all of a sudden? You couldn't have secretly done something terrible to the project, could you, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne shook her head immediately. “Of course not.”
I've done so much for this project. Why would | do anything bad to it?
Jack chuckled. “I’m just joking. Still, | have no clue as to what could possibly make you apologize to me other than this.” Roxanne lowered her gaze. “I just think that my attitude earlier wasn’t too good.”
“| don’t think it's a big deal. | don’t mind any kind of attitude from you as long as your research goes well.”
Jack was making it clear that they only had a professional relationship.
However, Roxanne only felt even guiltier upon hearing his words.
Jack shares the same thought as | do-he’s only doing so much for the research institute to ensure that the project goes well. But here | am, getting suspicious about Jack’s intentions because of some stupid gossip.
“So, Ms. Jarvis, was there something you wanted to tell me by asking me to come here?” Jack queried. His words pulled her out of her thoughts, and she found herself unable to string a sentence in response. Originally, she had wanted to tell Jack that they should keep a distance from each other.
Yet, she had to swallow those words after what Jack said.
When Jack heard nothing from her, he lifted a brow questioningly.
Finally, Roxanne quietly said, “Let me thank you on behalf of the research institute for the batch of medicinal herbs this morning, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack stood transfixed for a moment before a smile appeared on his lips. “Did you ask me to come out here to say this?”
Roxanne guiltily averted her gaze before nodding.
At that, Jack deliberately fell silent for a few seconds before suggesting, “Since you would like to thank me, Ms. Jarvis, why don’t you... thank me by making me some homemade food?”
Roxanne’s lashes fluttered, and she inhaled sharply. Jack’s earlier words had made her think that she had mistaken him, but now, his request seemed a little tool intimate.
Seemingly sensing the difficult situation he had put her in, he smiled and added, “There is no rush. If I’m going to eat what you've made, I'll certainly want to try a dish you've mastered Please prepare for it and get me to try it once you're ready”
In a way, Jack was giving her the chance to digest his words. However, Roxanne’s head remained hanging as various emotions flashed past her eyes.
Alas, she was the one who mentioned how grateful she was for Jack’s help. Thus, the request he made was something she would not be able to reject after that.
Furthermore, the request was not something urgent. That meant that he might change his mind over time.
With those thoughts in mind, Roxanne agreed to it. “Okay.” 
###Chapter 1132
Chapter 1132
The two of them were preoccupied with their conversation, so they did not notice Cory’s figure appearing around the corner across the street.
As Cory looked at the photo he just took, he grinned.
Even though Roxanne was not standing close to Jack earlier, the angle he took the photo made it seem as if the two of them were hugging.
After going through the photos he had taken, he finally chose two and sent them to Aubree.
In the meantime, Aubree was strolling on the streets with Frieda because the Pearson residence was not close to Estella’s kindergarten, and Aubree did not wish to travel so far.
Furthermore, she had something to talk to Frieda about. “Are you saying it’s highly likely that Lucian broke up with Roxanne because of Jack?”
Frieda had been listening to Aubree the entire time, but she was still confused. “Although Jack’s an excellent man, he still isn’t as good as Lucian. Is there really a need for Lucian to give up on her just because of Jack?” Aubree hummed in rumination. “That’s what I’ve been doubtful about, so I’ve sent Cory to look into this.”
Right as the two were chatting away, Aubree’s phone suddenly buzzed.
At that, Aubree halted and took out her phone to glance at the screen.
She had received two photos from Cory.
In the photos, Roxanne was with Jack, and it looked like they were in an intimate embrace.
“Are they dating?” Frieda blurted out in surprise when she saw the photo.
Her misunderstanding was not surprising. Anyone would share the same thoughts like her upon seeing those photos. Even Aubree stiffened for a few seconds before coldly saying, “No, | don’t think so.”
With that, she showed Frieda the photos Cory took in the past.
However, the more photos Frieda saw, the more confounded she was. ‘If they aren’t a thing, aren’t they spending a little too much time together? Moreover, some of their actions in these photos look intimate...
Right then, a thought entered Aubree’s mind, and she curled her lips mockingly. “If even you are mistaking the nature of their relationship, I’m sure others would be even more stunned by these photos.”
“What do you mean?” Frieda was a little confused.
Atuthless look crept onto Aubree’s face. “Regardless of whether they've separated because of Jack, | can use these photos to make Jack the wedge I’m going to drive between Roxanne and Lucian!”
As long as everyone thinks that Roxanne is in a relationship with Jack, Lucian will never go back to her. Frieda vaguely guessed what Aubree had in mind, but she dared not confirm it until she heard Aubree’s
words.
Promptly, she tensed up.
Even though Aubree had yet to take any action, Frieda knew that the plan would be a risky one.
“Aubree,” Frieda nervously started. “Are you really planning to send these photos out?”
Then, in an even softer voice, she said, “I just hope you remember how the Hightower family came to its end back then...”
If Lucian had truly cut ties with Roxanne, Aubree’s plan would be a good move.
However, if Lucian had a tinge of regret about Roxanne, the photos would catch his attention and make him look into the matter.
If he ended up tracking them down, Frieda was afraid that her family and Aubree’s would end up like the Hightower family-gone in a night.
Aubree furrowed her brows in irritation. “Obviously not. Why would | be that stupid?”
Therefore, she was not going to be the one to initiate it. 
###Chapter 1133
Chapter 1133
“In that case...
Frieda was puzzled. “When are we going to use these photos?”
Aubree’s eyes narrowed. “I’m still waiting for the right opportunity. In fact, | called you here today to discuss this matter.”
The right opportunity.
Frieda knitted her brows when she realized the meaning behind Aubree’s words.
She was of the opinion that the photos were not enough to prove anything. She wanted to create a scenario where Roxanne had nothing to defend herself with.
However, the plan was easier said than done.
If only they were on good terms with either Roxanne or Jack, the chances of success would be higher. Unfortunately, there was bad blood between both of them and Roxanne, and neither was familiar with Jack. Under such circumstances, Frieda, too, drew a blank.
“Have you managed to come up with any ideas?” Aubree began to grow impatient.
Her relationship with Estella had improved due to Frieda’s suggestion. She figured that the latter might be able to give her some useful ideas.
Unfortunately, all she got was silence after waiting for a long time.
Frieda looked troubled. “Given our relationship with them, it would be difficult not to leave any tracks. If you insist on carrying on, we'll have no choice but to create an accident.”
Especially one that involves Roxanne. Once Jack shows his concern for her, it will be enough for us to make a big fuss out of it.
Aubree rejected the idea outright. “It wasn’t easy to change Lucian’s impression of me. He would definitely cancel our engagement if he were to find out | was behind it.”
“| failed to take that into account,” Frieda admitted with a grim look on her face.
“Do we have no choice but to wait for them to develop feelings for each other with the passage of time?” Aubree wondered aloud.
Frieda’s eyes lit up. “Not necessarily!” Aubree gave her a baffled look.
“We can’t create an accident to hurt them, but we can increase the time they spend together. Sooner or later, it won’t come as a surprise if they end up as a couple, will it?” Frieda said.
In other words, the plan is to discreetly matchmake them. Even if Lucian finds out, it will be easy to explain it away, making this a low-risk scheme.
Nodding thoughtfully, Aubree reassured Frieda, “I would have felt so lost if it wasn’t for you. Frieda, don’t you worry. After all that you have done for me, I'll definitely make it worth your while once | become Mrs. Farwell.”
Frieda forced a smile. “That's the least | can do for my best friend!”
Now that she had a plan, Aubree’s mind began to wander as both of them continued to shop.
When the sky began to darken, Frieda checked the time and reminded Aubree, “Aren’t you supposed to pick
Essie up from school? You’re going to be late if you don’t leave now.”
She had assumed the latter had lost track of time.
However, Aubree surprised her by replying matter-of-factly, “What’s the hurry? Even if I’m late, the teacher will wait with her. It’s not like she'll be lost.”
Her response confused Frieda again. We're obviously not far from Essie’s kindergarten, so what is Aubree up to now?
Aubree didn’t bother to explain herself. It wasn’t until they shopped for a while longer that she finally decided to drive nonchalantly to the kindergarten. 
###Chapter 1134
Chapter 1134
Chapter 1134 Meanwhile, Estella and Pamela were the only ones left at the kindergarten entrance.
“Essie, who's coming to pick you up today? Were you always picked up so late in your previous kindergarten?” Pamela patiently clarified the matter with Estella, for it was the first time she had encountered such a
situation. Estella pursed her lips in silence as if she didn’t hear Pamela at all.
It was never her desire to come to the new kindergarten, and now that she was left to wait for a long time, she couldn’t help but feel depressed.
Just when Pamela was wondering whether to give Lucian a call, a car gradually rolled up beside them. Aubree alighted from it with an anxious expression on her face.
“I'm sorry for being late, Ms. Yaxley. Traffic was really bad.” After speaking to Pamela, she gave Estella an apologetic look. “I’m sorry to have made you wait, Essie. I'll definitely come earlier next time!”
Estella continued to pout in silence.
Seeing that, Pamela defused the situation with a smile. “It’s normal for kids to throw a tantrum after waiting for such a long time. She'll be fine after a while.”
Aubree nodded in acknowledgment. She pulled Estella to her side, then bade Pamela goodbye and ushered Estella into the car. Throughout the journey, Aubree kept apologizing to Estella.
“I'm really sorry. | stay far away from your kindergarten, and | also didn’t expect to encounter such heavy
traffic.”
With her head hung low, Estella ignored Aubree while fiddling with her fingers.
When they arrived at the Farwell residence, Lucian was about to give Aubree a call.
The sight of her car coming to a halt elicited a frown from him.
“Lucian, I’m sorry | was late picking up Essie. | was stuck in traffic.”
Aubree had already gotten into character, complete with a remorseful expression and reddened eyes.
Lucian suppressed his urge to demand an explanation from her.
“This is all my fault. Essie never liked her new kindergarten, and | had to make things worse by letting her wait. It’s no surprise that she’s mad at me,” Aubree blamed herself.
Behind her, Estella looked up to glance at her. Despite the minute change in her face, she didn’t say a word at all All this while, she had felt that Aubree was just putting on an act. But now, she was no longer as certain.
Ms. Pearson was speaking in that tone inside the car. If this was all just an act, why would she bother to pretend in front of me?
As Lucian watched how Aubree blamed herself, his expression changed.
“Why don't | find a place to stay that’s nearer to Essie’s kindergarten? Otherwise, it would be troublesome if | got caught in traffic again...” Aubree added while discreetly observing Lucian’s expression.
The sight of his furrowed brows filled Aubree with secret delight. She could see that the time was right to pile on the pressure. “I'll get my mom to look for a place for me once | get back.”
A
“There’s no such need,” Lucian said in a deep voice. “You can move into the manor for the time being. It will be more convenient for you to pick Essie up and watch over her here.”
Aubree feigned hesitance. “Wouldn’t Essie feel uncomfortable if | were to move in? | feel that we should take it slow when it comes to improving our relationship.”
“Since it’s just a matter of time for us to live together, we might as well let her get used to it earlier.” Lucian then turned around and instructed Catalina, “Prepare the guest room for Ms. Pearson.”
Aubree was naturally delighted by the turn of events.
Just as | expected. Lucian’s attitude toward me will soften as long as | demonstrate through my actions that | have Essie’s best interest at heart. From the looks of it, my days in the Farwell residence won't be as painful
anymore. 
###Chapter 1135
Chapter 1135
Chapter 1135 Archie and Benny didn’t see Estella for another day and didn’t hear from her.
Even though the three of them had previously agreed to get Lucian and Roxanne to reconcile, they had no visibility on Lucian’s situation without any feedback from Estella.
It was evident that Roxanne had no desire to patch things up with Lucian. The boys couldn’t help but worry about the current state of affairs. After dinner, both of them returned to their room earlier than usual.
“Archie, why don’t we go and see Daddy?” Benny suggested. “If he knows that we’re his sons, I’m sure he will come and see Mommy.”
Even though Archie was anxious for his parents to reconcile, he rejected his brother’s suggestion without any hesitation, “Mommy must have her reasons for hiding the truth from Daddy. If we were to reveal it to him, we would definitely hurt Mommy's feelings.”
Benny cupped his glum-looking face with his hands. “What should we do, then? We also have no idea what's going on at Essie’s side.”
Just as they were discussing, a sudden knock was heard at the door. It was then followed by Roxanne’s voice.
“Archie, Benny, are you asleep? Can | come in?”
The boys held their tongues instantly as they got up to open the door.
Upon entering the room, Roxanne gave both of them a look of concern. “What's going on with the two of you? Are you mad because of what happened yesterday?”
Usually, they would have stayed back and accompanied her at the table after dinner. If they went up straight, it was clear that something was bothering them. The boys exchanged glances.
Both of them had been discussing how to get Lucian and Roxanne to reconcile, a topic that they could never share with their mother.
For a moment, neither of them said a word. Assuming she had guessed right, Roxanne felt utterly helpless. “Do you dislike Mr. Damaris because you think something is going on between the two of us?”
After all, even the staff at the research institute had such a misconception. It wouldn’t be a surprise for the boys to think the same way.
While Archie pursed his lips in silence, Benny nodded without a second thought.
“| don’t like it when you see Mr. Damaris every day, accept his flowers, and invite him to dinner!”
Upon hearing Benny’s innocent comment, Roxanne couldn't help but feel bad for Jack.
He was only concerned about the project, yet he had become the subject of everyone’s misunderstanding on her account
In fact, her attitude toward him had even sparked intense hostility from the children.
“There’s nothing going on between Mr. Damaris and me. | simply did all that out of courtesy,” she explained patiently. With a frown on his face, Benny questioned further, “In that case, why are you rude to Mr. Farwell?”
Roxanne was at a loss for words.
It's true that | treat Jack differently from Lucian, but that’s because...
“You treat Mr. Damaris cordially, and yet you don't like him. Does that mean you're rude to Mr. Farwell because you like him?” Benny asked innocently.
Roxanne was stunned yet again. Their question was exactly the same as Estella’s from that fateful night. Through the eyes of the children, the world was as simple as black and white.
Just like that particular night, Roxanne was stumped for an explanation. All she could do was deny it adamantly. “I don’t like him
too.
“But | like Mr. Farwell!” Benny lowered his head in disappointment. “And | like Essie too...” 
###Chapter 1136
Chapter 1136
“Mommy, please don’t dislike Mr. Farwell.” Devastated by Roxanne’s response, Benny tugged her sleeve pitifully. “Even though Mr. Farwell has made you mad, he still cares a lot about you. Every time you were sick, he would always be by your side.”
His words triggered a flicker in Roxanne’s eyes and tugged at her heartstrings.
It was true that ever since her return, Lucian had always been by her side when she wasn’t feeling well. Prior to that, Roxanne had never had anyone care for her other than the children doing their clumsy best. | can’t deny that Lucian has given me a sense of security, but...
Oblivious to what was going through his mother’s mind, Benny mumbled, “Mr. Farwell treats you very well, and he doesn’t let us tell-”
It was then Benny felt a sudden poke from Archie.
Biting his tongue, he quickly tried to change the subject. “No matter what, Mr. Farwell is the best. Can you stop quarreling with him already?”
However, Roxanne’s brows were already knitted. “What did you mean just now? What else did Mr. Farwell do?” Benny lowered his head, brimming with guilt. The look on his face ended up intriguing Roxanne further.
At that moment, Archie knew that it was too late to salvage Benny's slip of the tongue. Trying to hide it any further would only intensify Roxanne’s suspicions.
With that thought in mind, Archie spoke candidly. “It was Mr. Farwell who took care of you when you were drunk.” His words inadvertently caused Roxanne to recall the events of that night.
Back then, she had assumed that she was dreaming. Little did she expect the entire incident to turn out to be real. The thing is, when did he leave?
“Mommy, Benny is right. Can you stop fighting with Mr. Farwell already?” Archie casually changed the subject. “We really like playing with Essie. Every time both of you quarrel, we won't be able to see her”
The mention of Estella caused Roxanne to set her thoughts aside as she gave Archie an apologetic look.
Can what's going on between Lucian and me be described as a quarrel? It could be in the past, but given Lucian’s stance, it’s clear that he wants to sever ties with me
It was a fact that Roxanne had no illusion about but didn’t know how to explain to the boys.
“I'm sorry, | didn’t want things to turn out this way too, but not everything is as simple as you think.”
The pale-looking Roxanne eked out an explanation a short while later.
Archie responded with a sensible nod. “I can understand where you’re coming from, Mommy. It’s just that can you convince Mr. Farwell to allow Essie to return to the kindergarten?”
Aconflicted look spread across Roxanne’s face. “Darling, Mr. Farwell is Essie’s father, and he has his reasons for transferring Essie to another kindergarten.”
Archie countered, “He doesn’t want Essie to see us because both of you are fighting.” Roxanne was surprised that Archie not only knew the reason but also dared to speak out about it.
“| feel that Essie shouldn’t have been placed in a new environment so abruptly. If Mr. Farwell doesn’t want her to see us, we're willing to transfer out instead.” Archie’s childish voice rang out again. 
###Chapter 1137
Chapter 1137
Roxanne was surprised by her son’s words.
She knew they had always been very sensible and had always taken good care of Estella.
However, what she didn’t expect was that they had been thinking about this even more than she did.
Benny chimed in sweetly, “Mommy, please talk to Mr. Farwell about this. We're worried that Essie might get bullied, and we won't be there to protect her.”
Roxanne felt her chest tighten at the mention of Estella being bullied. She recalled the incident when Estella had been bullied by her classmates when Archie and Benny first entered the classroom. Back then, the boys had stepped forward to protect Estella and helped her to smoothen things over with her classmates.
However, now that Estella was in a new kindergarten, she no longer had any playmates she was familiar with. Roxanne was worried that if Archie and Benny weren't beside Estella, the past would repeat itself.
There's a possibility that it would be just like what the boys said. Estella would beostracized by the other kids.
Thinking about this, Roxanne relented and said, “All right, I'll have a chat with Mr. Farwell regarding this soon. That being said, you guys need to prepare yourselves to transfer to another kindergarten.”
The boys’ eyes lit up.
Mommy's willing to talk to Daddy! It doesn’t matter what they'll be talking about. At the very least, this will end the silent war they're waging against each other. Besides, we’re the ones who brought up the idea of transferring kindergartens, anyway This way, we'll be able to keep Essie’s condition from deteriorating further
With that thought in mind, the boys agreed to it without hesitation. Roxanne flashed a smile and tousled the boys’ hair. “It’s getting late now. Get some rest.” Since they had achieved their goals, the boys nodded at her obediently in response.
As Roxanne walked out of the boys’ room, words from their conversation earlier kept replaying in her mind, making her feel slightly guilty.
She had always thought that matters between adults should be kept between adults and children should not be involved in them. However, because of her relationship with Lucian, all three children had their lives affected in some way or the other.
The case was especially true for Estella, whose condition kept relapsing.
At the end of the day, Roxanne reckoned this was all because of her determination not being strong enough
All she wanted at first was to avoid Lucian, but somewhere down the line, she got involved with him again instead.
She wanted nothing more than to take care of Estella, but because of her relationship with Lucian, she had no choice but to treat the little girl indifferently.
Now that she thought about it, Archie’s and Benny's words reminded her of something
Since I’m involved with Essie now, and her condition is affected because of me, | should be firm with my decision. No matter what my relationship with Lucian is, | should prioritize Essie’s condition. At the very least, | should make sure her condition is stabilized. This way, | will not have any regrets.
Roxanne headed back to her room and hesitantly drew up Lucian’s number from her phone.
She hadn't contacted him ever since they fought that day.
Naturally, Lucian did not take the initiative to contact her either.
Roxanne tapped into his contact detail and hesitated.
Even though all she needed to do was to tap her finger down on her screen, she couldn't bring herself to do it. After all, their interaction last time had ended on really bad terms.
Roxanne had no idea how to start the conversation with him.
After hesitating for a while more, she glanced at the time and saw that it was near midnight.
Lucian should already be asleep at this time, right?
Taking that into account, Roxanne eventually put her phone away.
Now that | think about it, there’s no need for me to go through Lucian in order to know about Essie’s condition. | can always find out which kindergarten Essie goes to and go check on her during her recess. It'll be even better if | can see that she’s getting along well with the other children so that | won't be so worried.
That was the last thought that surfaced in Roxanne’s mind as she fell asleep. 
###Chapter 1138
Chapter 1138
Perhaps she was concerned about Estella’s matters because she got up early the next morning despite going to bed late the previous night.
Going downstairs, she saw that Archie and Benny were already waiting for her. Seeing the two boys, Roxanne couldn’t help but be reminded of the phone call she almost dialed out last night. Benny's face lit up with anticipation when he saw his mother. “Mommy! Have you given Mr. Farwell a call?”
Roxanne’s eyes dimmed, and she flashed a small smile at her son before saying apologetically. “I haven’t. | was thinking of visiting Essie at the kindergarten first.”
After saying that, she thought of something and added, “Do you know which kindergarten Essie is in now?”
She reckoned Archie and Benny must have already found out which kindergarten Estella transferred to, given how concerned they were for her.
Seeing that his mother had taken the initiative to ask him that, Benny nodded calmly. In truth, he had already found out which kindergarten Estella went to the day after her transfer. Relief washed over Roxanne when she saw Benny nodding
Here | was worrying about how I’m going to find out about Essie’s new kindergarten when the sight of Benny reminded me of just how capable he is. Luckily, he already knows which kindergarten Essie goes to.
“Send the address of Essie’s kindergarten to me later,” Roxanne said to Benny “Mommy, are you going to visit Essie?”
Roxanne nodded noncommittally. “Well, aren’t you guys worried about Essie getting bullied? I’m going to check up on her on your behalf”
Hearing that, Benny hurriedly asked, “Can Archie and | tag along?”
Roxanne shook her head. “You guys need to go to class. Don’t worry. I'll tell you about her condition when | get home.”
She thought it would be too much of a fanfare for all three of them to go.
Naturally, the boys could not help feeling a little disappointed to hear that.
Benny was going to persuade his mother again when Archie stopped him.
He said sweetly, “We'll leave it to you to console her, Mommy. And please tell her we'll visit her next time.”
He knew it was already good enough for his mother to go see Estella and that they shouldn't ask for anything more.
Roxanne let out a relieved sigh before flashing a smile at the boys. Nodding, she said, “All right. I'll pass your message to her.” After breakfast, Benny sent the address he had found to his mother.
Roxanne then took the kids to the kindergarten before going to the research institute to give Colby a heads- up and then to Estella’s new kindergarten.
Perhaps Lucian was trying to stop the kids from seeing each other again. Estella’s new kindergarten was a lot further away than her previous kindergarten. In fact, it was in the opposite direction of Farwell Group.
After driving for half an hour, Roxanne finally arrived at the kindergarten entrance.
Sensing the graceful aura she exuded and the fact that she could say Estella’s name, the security guard let her in without thinking too much about it.
Estella’s new kindergarten had a small class system, with only a dozen children in the class. When Roxanne arrived, the kids were in their recess. Through the window of the classroom, she noticed that the situation inside seemed to be rather chaotic.
Adozen children could be seen running around in the classroom, and in the corner, a child was bawling their eyes out, all while Pamela was trying her best to coax them.
After sweeping a glance, Roxanne realized that Estella was nowhere to be seen. It wasn’t after she searched for a while more that she was able to see Estella in the middle of the crowd.
At that moment, Estella was surrounded by the children who were running around. It looked as if they were inviting her to play together. 
###Chapter 1139
Chapter 1139
Chapter 1139 Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief.
She could see that although Estella was a bit out of place, the other children approached her enthusiastically and played with her.
Yet before she could feel totally at ease, she saw Estella letting out a yelp.
The children who were skipping around also halted their actions one by one.
Feeling her heart tighten, Roxanne instinctively looked in Pamela’s direction
Something was obviously wrong with Estella, and Pamela could probably see that from where she was standing
However, there was a child who wouldn't stop crying next to Pamela. Although she did notice a small commotion over here, she was occupied with coaxing the child beside her
Left with no choice, Roxanne turned back to Estella and observed her worriedly. The girl hung her head low as she massaged her hand on her lap. Roxanne could only see Estella’s actions vaguely from her spot, but she could guess that the latter was hurt.
Upon realizing that, Roxanne felt a little distressed. Nevertheless, she did not overthink it and assured the other kids had just hurt Estella accidentally.
Sadly, the actual situation in the classroom was different from her assumption.
An aggrieved Estella rubbed her injured hand with pursed lips, looking evidently upset. Because of her behavior on the first day of school, her classmates deemed her a weirdo. Estella couldn't be bothered to play with them as well, so she barely spoke in the past two days
As a result, her classmates started calling her a mute and a weirdo. They tried all sorts of antics in an attempt to make her speak and regarded her as a joke.
The more they did that, the more resistant Estella felt toward them. She did not expect them to treat her even worse on this day.
Right after class ended, a group of children surrounded Estella and began singing a rhyme they made up while moving around her in circles.
When Estella tried to cover her ears, a little girl stepped on her hand.
“Wow, she really is a mute!” exclaimed the girl upon seeing how Estella remained silent even when she was hurt.
The other kids immediately chimed in in agreement.
Estella hung her head low and couldn't help but feel sad.
| miss Archie and Benny. If they were here, they would definitely protect me
“Hey, say something. It’s not like we’re going to do anything bad to you,” another girl said, even giving Estella a shove. Caught off guard, Estella staggered and wobbled for a while before regaining her balance.
| don’t want to speak to these mean kids!
“Why did you transfer here if you don’t like this place? Do you think we like you?”
“Go to a special needs kindergarten if you’re mute. Why did you even come here?”
“| heard she has no mommy. No wonder she’s so weird.”
The kids chattered on while standing around Estella, throwing insults at her.
Estella had ignored them with her lips tightly pursed.
Yet at the mention of her mother, she suddenly lifted her head with anger written all over her face.
“| have a mommy!”
Her sudden outburst stunned the children, but they soon regained their senses and retorted at her more. aggressively. “That’s not your mommy. She’s your stepmom! | heard stepmoms are the meanest.”
“Your mommy probably abandoned you because you don’t speak. Who would like a mute?”
The topic of mother was a sensitive matter to Estella. When she heard the other kids claiming she was abandoned, her face started to turn sour. 
###Chapter 1140
Chapter 1140
“You're speaking nonsense!”
Estella got up from the floor and furiously pushed the kid who had last spoke.
Amused at her courage to fight back, the other kids began running their mouths off even more. The girl whom Estella pushed stepped forward and shoved her in return.
“Did | say anything wrong? You're just a mute! If we hadn’t played with you today, would you have spoken on your own? Adults hate kids who can’t speak, Little Mute!” After saying that, the girl raised her arm in fury and yelled, “How dare you push me! Not even my mommy and daddy have ever hit me.”
Estella was no match for that girl in terms of strength. Not only that, there were lots of kids watching them from the side.
Despite her anger, Estella couldn’t help but feel scared at the sight of the girl lifting her arm. In her helplessness, she glanced at Pamela.
If Ms. Ward was here, she would surely come here and help me
Unfortunately, Pamela was busy dealing with the wailing kid, and she couldn’t see what was going on since Estella was encircled by the children.
As the girl’s hand was about to fall on Estella, the latter closed her eyes out of reflex. At that moment, she missed Archie and Benny dearly.
“What are you doing?” Just as despair filled Estella, Roxanne pushed the classroom door open and strode in. She had been watching from the outside for quite a while and finally realized Estella was being bullied.
She had thought that the teacher would intervene and help Estella, but it seemed that Pamela was unaware of what was going on atall.
Seeing that Estella was about to get hit, Roxanne barged in in a panic and hurried over to the group of children At the sudden arrival of an adult, the children were shocked.
The girl who had her arm raised stepped backward in fright. She swiftly hid her hand behind her back, glancing at Roxanne nervously.
These kids were the best at pretending to be nice and obedient in front of adults. “Miss, you’ve misunderstood. She pushed me first...” the girl mumbled with an aggrieved expression.
Roxanne was bewildered to see the girl acting so innocently. If she hadn’t witnessed the entire situation. earlier, she would have been fooled.
Nevertheless, she wasn’t in the mood to scold the girl. She crouched down instead and pulled Estella into her arms.
Estella was clearly terrified, as she couldn’t stop trembling.
“Don't be scared, Essie. You're okay now,” Roxanne comforted Estella while stroking her head.
Upon hearing her voice, Estella looked up cautiously
Her face crumpled when she saw that it was Roxanne. She sniffled loudly, tears welling up in her big eyes. Chapter 1140
Having been triggered by the children’s words earlier, Estella wrapped her arm around Roxanne’s neck and choked out, “Mommy...”
That word made Roxanne’s heart skip a beat, and she subconsciously tightened her hold around Estella.
She knew very well that she did not deserve that title, but she could more or less guess what the children had been talking about earlier from the way their mouths moved.
One of the biggest reasons they bullied Estella was that they thought she didn’t have a mother.
That thought pained Roxanne. In the end, she did not refute Estella’s way of addressing her. 
###Chapter 1141
Chapter 1141
The children got more fearful when they heard Estella calling Roxanne “mommy.” On top of that, the latter did not show any rejection.
This lady must've seen how we bullied Essie just now.
Roxanne patted Estella’s head before lowering her gaze to glance at the surrounding children. “Apologize to Essie!”
Her fierce expression made them hang their heads low in quilt.
However, the girl who attacked Essie summoned her courage and feigned innocence. “It’s not like that. It was Essie who pushed me first. That’s why-”
Hearing the little girl lying straight in her face only brought Roxanne’s anger to a new height. “Why would Essie push you out of nowhere?”
When she finished, she suddenly remembered something and reached out to hold Estella’s hand. The moment Roxanne saw the red mark on Estella’s hand, her anger spiked even more. “Did Essie do this to herself, too?” The children exchanged glances, for they never expected Roxanne to have witnessed them stepping on Estella’s hand
Now that her actions had been exposed, the girl who attacked Estella flew into a rage out of humiliation. “Hmph! That’s her fault for not talking to us! She was the one who ignored us first!”
Roxanne had thought of letting the children off the hook. They were, after all, just children.
However, when she saw the children had no intentions of apologizing and even put the blame on Estella, she slightly regretted not bringing Archie and Benny along with her
If | had brought them along, they would've taught these kids a good lesson. Well, looks like | have no choice but to bully the weak.
Glaring at the children who showed no remorse, Roxanne fumed, “Just because Essie doesn’t talk to you doesn’t mean you can bully her. Are you going to attack me to make yourselves feel better now that I’m criticizing you like this? And does that mean | can bully you since you talked back to me?”
Roxanne’s words shocked the girl, and she took a step back timidly. “You're an adult. Adults can’t-”
“Can't bully the weak? What gives you the right to gang up on others, then? Is that what your parents taught you?” Roxanne cut the girl off expressionlessly. She caressed Estella’s head and asked in a gentler tone, “Essie, how did they bully you just now?”
Knowing she was standing up for her, Estella wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s neck and said, “T-They said Mommy doesn’t want me They called me Little Mute and even stepped on my hand. *
As soon as Roxanne heard that, her temper flared and the surrounding air grew colder
When Estella finished recounting the incident, Roxanne’s gaze drifted to the children again.
Meeting her eyes, the children tensed up and fear flooded their hearts
After placing Estella aside, Roxanne stepped forward to the children who bullied Estella earlier M Miss
The children sounded frightened
Just as those words left their mouths, Roxanne shoved them to the ground.
Although she exerted little strength, it was enough to teach them a lesson.
“That’s how you bullied Essie earlier. I'll give you another chance. Are you going to apologize to Essie?” She articulated each word clearly.
Roxanne was very close to the children as she spoke, and her tone was laced with oppression. 
###Chapter 1142
Chapter 1142
Chapter 1142 The children had been pampered since they were little and had never been threatened like that.
They were frightened out of their wits when Roxanne shoved them to the ground unreasonably and looked as if she planned to continue teaching them a lesson
“Y-Yes. We'll apologize...” A girl spoke up first, sounding as if she was on the verge of tears.
Immediately after that, the sound of the children apologizing filled the air.
Only then did Roxanne sigh helplessly and carry Estella into her arms again.
Never did Roxanne expect such spitefulness from a group of children, let alone see them gang up to bully the weak
Meanwhile, Pamela, who had just finished comforting the crying child, got to her feet, only to find the other side in total chaos.
“What's going on? Miss, who are you? Parents aren't allowed to enter during class “Pamela walked over in annoyance and stood between Roxanne and the children.
The moment Pamela noticed Estella was in Roxanne’s arms, her heart sank. After all, Estella was like a princess in the class who could never be bullied. Yet, she was currently being carried by a stranger. | can’t bear the consequences if something happens.
“Please put the child down. I’m the teacher of this class. You can talk to me if something’s the matter.” Pamela gave Roxanne a cautious glance.
Roxanne frowned, feeling a little displeased with Pamela. Estella was bullied so terribly, yet this teacher didn’t notice anything. She’s only here now to show her concern.
Sensing Roxanne’s dissatisfaction and extraordinary temperament, Pamela felt as if she had accidentally offended a mighty being. She said carefully, “Uh... Are you Essie’s relative?”
Hearing that, Roxanne froze and glanced at Estella, who was in her arms.
Estella was shocked by Roxanne’s fierceness earlier and had not recovered from it. She hugged Roxanne’s arm and said nothing.
Seeing that, Roxanne shifted her gaze to the children in front of her again.
Earlier, she had given a tacit confirmation that she was Estella’s mother. It was inappropriate for her to deny it
noy
At that thought, Roxanne decided to continue with the act. “I’m Essie’s mother.”
Asuspicious look crept onto Pamela’s face when she heard those words.
Even so, Roxanne did not give Pamela the chance to voice her doubts in front of the children. She said, “Td like to talk to you about what happened just now. Let's talk outside”
Pamela hesitated for a few seconds, but she still agreed and asked the teaching assistant to watch over the children before exiting the classroom with Roxanne.
“Essie doesn’t have a mother, so who exactly are you?” Pamela knew Roxanne was lying. She was on high alert “Ms Pearson has always been the one dropping Essie off, and she’s Essie’s future stepmother. Who on earth are you?”
Roxanne never expected Pamela to know so much, so she had no idea what to say in response. Her silence only made Pamela more suspicious.
Pamela subconsciously eyed Estella, who was in Roxanne’s arms, only to find the girl looking pale and on the verge of tears from the shock she had experienced earlier.
Not daring to delay the situation anymore, Pamela warned, “I’m going to call the police if you don’t explain yourself.” She took out her phone, about to make the call. Roxanne knitted her brows and steeled herself to say, “I’m Essie’s aunt.”
Pamela immediately stopped what she was doing and scrutinized Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1143
Chapter 1143
Now that Pamela had taken a good look at Roxanne, she realized there were indeed some similarities between Estella and her. Despite that, she still chose to be careful and confirm with Estella. “Essie, is she your aunt?”
Estella only wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s neck with her back facing Pamela. Not a single word came from her mouth. Roxanne had no choice but to pat the girl’s head to attract her attention. “Essie, your teacher’s talking to you.”
Only when Estella heard Roxanne’s voice did she slowly turn around.
Flashing Estella a smile, Pamela repeated her question.
To their horror, Estella pursed her lips and shook her head, clearly looking upset.
Both Roxanne and Pamela were stunned by Estella’s response
Roxanne knew Estella was mad because she had denied being her mother. However, she could not explain the situation to Pamela either.
Pamela thought that Roxanne, the woman who claimed to have a different identity, was extremely suspicious. She picked up her phone again with a wary look written all over her face.
Seeing that, Roxanne quickly said, “I can explain this. Please believe me. If I’m a bad person, why would Essie be staying in my arms so obediently?”
Again, doubts filled Pamela’s mind when she heard that.
True. Essie’s really quiet in this woman’s arms.
Estella had been rejecting the teachers” touch.
The same applied to Aubree too. Estella would do everything she could to avoid her.
Pamela could not help but wonder what kind of relationship Roxanne had with Essie that made the latter behave so obediently Pamela’s confusion was clearly written on her face.
“Miss, even if | believe you’re not a bad person, the fact that you made the children in this class cry remains. This isn’t a small matter. You need to at least give me an explanation. That way, | can answer their parents when they ask me about it.”
Roxanne glanced through the window and saw the children she frightened earlier crying while the teaching assistant was busy trying to calm everyone down.
She turned around and smiled at Pamela apologetically. Tm really Essie’s aunt. | can give her father a call if you don’t believe
me.
Roxanne never wanted to get Lucian involved in the first place, but all the children there were from rich families. If their parents decided to take out their anger on her, only the Farwell family would have the power to make them give in.
Moreover, Roxanne had only made them cry only because she was protecting Estella. What Roxanne did not expect was that Pamela actually wanted her to make that call.
“As a teacher, | have to be responsible for the children. So... Pamela’s intention was clear enough.
That made Roxanne choke a little. She stared at Pamela for some time before taking out her phone reluctantly.
Never in her wildest dreams did she imagine having to make the call now without having any time to prepare herself. After all, she had given up on the notion after much hesitation last night.
Most importantly, she was secretly there to check on Estella.
Roxanne gripped her phone, her heart pounding with nervousness.
Pamela grew more suspicious the longer she waited.
Given no choice, Roxanne could only pluck up her courage and dial Lucian’s number. To her surprise, the call was declined after the second ring.
Roxanne glanced at Pamela when the automated message sounded.
“Please put Essie down. I'll get the security guards to handle this.”
Pamela’s barely existent trust for Roxanne had shattered. 
###Chapter 1144
Chapter 1144
Roxanne felt utterly helpless.
She knew Lucian was mad at her, but she never expected him to reject her call.
Upon hearing Pamela’s words, Roxanne had no choice but to put Estella down resignedly.
After she put her down, Estella hurriedly clung to her leg, unwilling to let go no matter what anyone said. “Essie, come here.” Pamela crouched down and opened her arms.
However, Estella kept her eyes fixed on Roxanne as if she had heard nothing.
The entire situation left Pamela in an awkward position. At the same time, she began to wonder what Roxanne’s relationship with Estella was.
Seeing that, Roxanne patted Estella’s head. “Be a good girl and go to your teacher, Essie.” Estella shook her head fervently and showed Roxanne her injured hand again. She whined, “My hand. It hurts
Roxanne’s heart ached when she saw the red mark on the back of Estella’s hand. She stroked it gently and said to Pamela, “Please help Essie to apply some medication later. Her hand was stepped on earlier.”
Of course, Pamela was unaware of that incident. When she heard Roxanne’s words, she quickly approached to examine Essie’s hand. The second she saw the mark on the back of Estella’s hand, her heart sank. “Essie, what happened? Who bullied you?”
Pamela was horrified. After all, she, as a teacher, had absolutely no idea the daughter of Farwell Group had been injured in her class
Still, Estella pursed her lips and said nothing.
Seeing that, Roxanne had no choice but to explain, “It’s the children from just now. I’ve already taught them a lesson, but please look after Essie more in the future. At the very least, don’t let her get bullied. She's not very
sociable” Pamela nodded vigorously, feeling more certain that the woman in front of her had some sort of relationship with Estella
Regardless, because of Roxanne’s ever-changing answer, Pamela decided to ask Estella, “Essie, can you tell me who this lady is to you?”
Worried Estella might ignore her like how she did earlier, Pamela added, “If you don’t tell me, | have no choice but to get the police.”
Sure enough, the idea of getting the police triggered a response from Estella. “Mommy!”
Pamela felt as if she was about to break into a cold sweat.
One moment, the lady claims to be her mommy. In the next, she’s her aunt. And now, Essie’s telling me the lady’s her mommy. After some time, Pamela got to her feet abruptly and took out her phone again.
Thinking Pamela was going to make a police report, Roxanne did not stop her. After all, she knew her identity was suspicious, and she had no proof to confirm it.
The call finally connected after some time. However, the words that came out of Pamela’s mouth were “Mr
Farwell.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne froze to the spot.
She was already mentally unprepared when she had to call Lucian earlier.
And now Pamela had directly given Lucian a call without a word of warning.
Furthermore, Roxanne never expected Lucian to answer it so quickly.
He hung up on me just now...
Lucian said something into the phone, to which Pamela explained, “A lady suddenly came to the kindergarten looking for Essie, and Essie seems to be close to her. The problem is that this lady claimed to be Essie’s mother at first and aunt the next. | couldn’t confirm her real identity, so I’m calling you to get your verification.”
Cold sweat trickled down Roxanne’s back when she heard Pamela even recounting the incident where she had claimed to be Estella’s mother. 
###Chapter 1145
Chapter 1145
“May | know your last name?” Pamela suddenly looked at her.
“Jarvis,” Roxanne replied in a hoarse voice.
Once Pamela heard the answer, she breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly notified Lucian.
I've never heard of the Farwell family having any relationship with a family with the surname Jarvis. Thus, this woman will certainly not be any relative of Essie. Luckily, | call Mr. Farwell in time to confirm it
However, the person on the other end of the line fell silent after she told him Roxanne’s last name It made her a little worried, and she wondered if she had done anything wrong.
“Get her to wait. I’m heading over right now.”
When Pamela was about to apologize, Lucian’s deep voice suddenly rang out.
She looked at the woman before her in confusion and hastily agreed.
Roxanne noticed Pamela's gaze and felt her heart drop.
After hanging up the phone, Pamela looked at Roxanne solemnly and said, “Mr. Farwell said he'll be here soon. Please leave Estella to me.”
Lucian’s tone on the phone just now somehow made Pamela subconsciously think that Roxanne was an enemy of the Farwell family.
Roxanne, however, only heard the first half of Pamela’s sentence. She was stunned in place and didn’t respond at all.
Pamela got a little anxious and reached out to pull Estella over, but the little girl wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s legs and refused to let go.
“Essie, come over here. Your daddy will be here soon,” Pamela tried to convince Estella “Ms. Jarvis. “Estella looked at Roxanne pitifully when Pamela tugged at her
The way Estella addressed Roxanne made Pamela even more distressed. Oh, my What exactly is the relationship between this woman and Essie?
Out of anxiousness, Pamela increased her strength gradually
Only then did Roxanne return to her senses and reach out to hold Pamela’s wrist. In a gentle voice, she said, “Don’t worry | won't do anything to Essie. If you are worried, you may call the security over.”
Pamela seemed somewhat hesitant upon hearing that Estella seems to rely on this woman very much. But Mr. Farwell’s tone on the phone just now... and this womans identity is still a mystery
“| believe Mr. Farwell didn’t tell you to take Essie away from me just now. Did he?” Roxanne smiled at Pamela helplessly Pamela withdrew her hands slowly upon hearing that. Indeed, if this woman were dangerous to Essie, Mr. Farwell would have asked me to protect Essie immediately
With that thought in mind, Pamela did nothing more but ask in puzzlement, “What exactly is your relationship with Essie?” Roxanne flashed her a faint smile. “You will know when Mr. Farwell arrives.”
After all, Pamela only recognized Lucian’s statement at that moment.
If Lucian refused to admit it, everything Roxanne said would only be a waste of time.
It might even deepen Pamela’s suspicions in her.
“Mr. Farwell will take some time to get here. Could you please bring me a medical kit? | want to treat the back of Essie’s hand,” Roxanne requested.
Hearing that, Pamela left to get the medical kit, but it suddenly occurred to her that she still had no idea who the person in front of her was, and she retracted her leg.
Roxanne could roughly guess what was on Pamela’s mind. Saying nothing, she held Estella’s injured hand and rubbed it carefully. 
###Chapter 1146
Chapter 1146
Chapter 1146 Twenty minutes later, Lucian’s car slowly pulled up in front of the kindergarten.
The man’s expression remained deadpan as he descended from the car and slammed the door forcefully. Then, he strode toward Estella’s classroom with a storm brewing in his eyes.
Roxanne Jarvis! What is she doing here in Essie’s classroom? Didn’t she say she won’t interfere with Essie’s affairs anymore? Lucian was furious at the thought of the last unpleasant separation and also Pamela’s words earlier.
Meanwhile, Roxanne followed Pamela to the office and waited for Lucian’s arrival.
The red mark on Estella’s hand didn’t go away. Seeing that, Pamela requested someone to send a medical kit
over.
Holding Estella in her arms, Roxanne applied the medication to the injured area and rubbed it gently for better absorption. In the meantime, Pamela was watching them cautiously at the side.
Pin-drop silence ensued in the office.
Just then, someone knocked on the door of the office.
Several people in the office snapped back to their senses and looked at the door in unison.
Pamela went to open the door.
Roxanne, on the other hand, tensed up. Her hand rubbing the medication on Estella’s injured area also froze.
“Mr. Farwell, you’re here.” Pamela’s heart skipped a beat when she saw the person at the door. After greeting him respectfully, she led him inside.
Feeling her heart in her throat, Roxanne lowered her head and dared not to look at the door.
The office was so quiet that everyone could hear the footsteps clearly.
Hearing the sound of footsteps approaching her, Roxanne had no choice but to lift her head and look over. Not far away, Lucian stood there with a sneer and stared at her silently.
As their eyes met, Roxanne’s ears reddened. She stiffly carried Estella and stood up. “Mr. Farwell.”
Pamela was dumbfounded by how Roxanne addressed Lucian. She became increasingly puzzled about the relationship between the duo and even forgot to explain the current situation to Lucian.
Fortunately, the man had no plan to ask her and only stared intently at the woman opposite him.
“What do you mean by this, Ms. Jarvis? Have you forgotten what you said? Why did you show up at my daughter’s kindergarten?” He asked in a mocking tone.
Roxanne lowered her gaze and happened to see Estella’s injured hand.
The scene of Estella being bullied earlier resurfaced in her mind.
At that instant, confidence imbued her, and she retorted furiously, “I’m the one who should ask that question, Mr Farwell. You yourself know that Essie’s situation is not suitable for the new environment, yet you still insist on transferring her to another school Look at what happened to Essie now Is this how you have been taking care of her all these years, Mr. Farwell?”
Her words made Lucian confused. He knitted his brows and looked at the little one in Roxanne’s embrace Estella had one of her hands around Roxanne’s neck and let the injured hand hang by her side, revealing the injury. In no time, Lucian spotted the red mark on his girl’s hand, and his expression darkened.
Essie had injured the same hand when someone bullied her in the previous kindergarten. So what Roxanne is trying to say now is that Essie has been bullied by the others again this time.
Realizing that, Lucian shifted his gaze to Pamela and asked coldly, “What happened?”
Pamela didn’t expect him to throw such a question at her and panicked. After calming herself down, she answered, “Mr. Farwell, this was what happened. Essie had a conflict with the other children just now. The children are being too impulsive, so...” 
###Chapter 1147
Chapter 1147
Chapter 1147 Pamela had not been paying attention to Estella, and she dared not tell any lies in the face of Lucian’s gaze. Thus, half-way through her speech, she turned to cast a pleading look at Roxanne.
Roxanne had planned to talk to Lucian about it anyway, so when her eyes met with Pamela’s, she continued where Pamela trailed off.
“The kids crowded around Essie and said something to her. They even stepped on Essie’s hand. Essie resisted, but they pushed her down again. | only intervened when | couldn't bear to watch it anymore.”
Roxanne could somewhat guess what the children had said to Estella, but she did not want to rub salt into the girl’s wound. As Roxanne gave Lucian the explanation, Lucian’s expression turned colder.
At the same time, the more Roxanne said, the angrier she became. She questioned, “The intense way the kids bullied Essie means that this has been going on for more than a day or two. Do you really not know anything about this, Mr. Farwell?”
Why did he put Essie in a school like this? Is it because he has decided to get together with Aubree and is planning to have another child with her? Is that why he’s neglecting her?
The thought of that possibility made Roxanne’s heart sink, and in her heartache, she tightened her grip around Estella. Lucian did not speak, but he strode toward her.
Instinctively, Roxanne wanted to move backward, but the couch was right behind her, and she could not do
that
In no time, Lucian was right in front of her. Roxanne tensed.
Right as she was about to question him as to what he was trying to do, Lucian reached out to hold Estella’s injured hand.
After checking Estella’s injury, Lucian turned around and fixed his gaze on Pamela again. “Is this how your kindergarten looks after the children?”
Pamela's heart lurched.
She had always thought that Estella was not the kind of child to cause trouble, so she never put too much
attention to her.
She did not expect other children to still be so hostile toward Estella despite her having done nothing to them.
Now, trouble had come, and Lucian had found out about it. Pamela could not even summon the courage to defend herself. “I'm sorry, Mr. Farwell. This is an oversight on my pa-”
Before she could finish her sentence, Lucian interrupted her.
“The conflict between Essie and the kids isn’t something that happened recently, but you’ve only found out about it today. If the kindergarten can’t even handle the troubles in the children’s relationships, | don’t see the point in letting my daughter stay here any longer!”
At that, Pamela panicked “Mr. Farwell, this is genuinely an oversight on my part. I'll take note of this in the future Please don’t put me ina tight spot like this”
Then, she gave Roxanne another pleading look.
Even though Roxanne was upset about Pamela’s negligence, she found Lucian’s words absurd.
“Mr. Farwell, don’t you think you should do some self-reflection when you blame the teacher for this? | refuse to believe that Essie acted perfectly normal at home these few days. Did you not notice anything amiss about her at all?” she refuted.
Pamela never thought that Roxanne would dare to speak to Lucian in a tone like that, so she was astounded.
She then belated realized that she was no longer in the spotlight. At that, she let out a relieved sigh under her breath before trying her best to keep a low profile.
Indeed, Lucian’s attention was caught by Roxanne’s words. Yet, there was no explanation he could offer.
Aubree had been the one sending and picking Estella up from the kindergarten lately. In short, he barely came into contact with the teachers.
While he did notice Estella’s low mood, he thought it was merely because she did not like the new kindergarten.
Never in his wildest dream did he expect something like this to happen. 
###Chapter 1148
Chapter 1148
Chapter 1148 The atmosphere in the office turned tense. All of a sudden, someone knocked on the door.
Then, the head of the kindergarten entered, chuckling. He then greeted Lucian by saying, “Mr. Farwell, why didn’t you tell me that you were coming? | would have come to welcome you myself!”
The moment the head of the kindergarten received news of Lucian’s appearance, he rushed over to where Lucian was
The daughter of the Farwell family was currently enrolled in their kindergarten. Therefore, he had to find a way to get Farwell Group to invest in their kindergarten no matter what.
That way, their kindergarten would rise in the social ranks of Horington.
The head of the kindergarten came in preparation to curry favor with Lucian, so he was not expecting to be greeted by the confrontation the second he stepped into the office.
Almost immediately, he figured out that something must have happened to the Farwell family’s daughter. Upon realizing that, the head of the kindergarten’s smile froze. “What's the matter? Did Pam do something wrong?”
The head of the kindergarten was swift to come back to his senses, and before Lucian could say anything, he turned and began berating Pamela, “What's the matter with you? You only have that many kids in the class, but you still can’t take good care of them?”
Pamela’s heart took a dip, and she muttered, “Sir, Mr. Leishman’s child was crying. Their family has invested a large sum of money into our kindergarten, so how can | just ignore the kid? All | did was checked on that child for a brief moment. | never thought that the kids would bully her.”
The Leishman family was currently the largest investor in the kindergarten, and the head of the kindergarten had told her to keep a closer eye on the Leishmans’ son.
Hence, a stumped look appeared on the head of the kindergarten’s face. Then, he soon realized that even Austin Leishman himself had to bow to Lucian if he were here. After weighing the situation, it went without saying that he had to prioritize Lucian over Austin.
“Mr. Farwell, | have a clearer picture of what is going on now. You're right. This is our kindergarten’s responsibility,” the head of the kindergarten immediately apologized. “Don’t worry. | will definitely make the children who bullied Ms. Estella apologize to her. Also, I'll assign two more teachers to Estella’s class. That way, Ms. Estella will surely get the best care.”
“You don’t need to do that,” Roxanne said with a frown. “I’ve already chided the children, and they’ve already apologized to Essie.”
Then, turning to Lucian, she stiffly uttered, “However, I'll have to trouble you, Mr. Farwell, to not let the parents of those children come after me.”
She had laid a finger on those children because she was an adult.
If their parents were to find out her true identity, they would certainly come after her.
Roxanne did not wish to be in more trouble.
However, the head of the kindergarten understood it wrongly. He thought that Roxanne was dissatisfied with the way he dealt with the situation and was hinting to him to get those parents to apologize in person
Hence, the head of the kindergarten hesitated.
He did not know about Roxanne’s relationship with Estella, but the little girl was clearly reliant on Roxanne. Even though Lucian was there, the girl was still staying in her arms.
Therefore, the head of the kindergarten assumed that Roxanne was close to the Farwell family.
With that, the head of the kindergarten quickly said, “They definitely won't be finding trouble with you. I'll notify their parents right away and have them come here to apologize to Mr. Farwell and Ms. Estella in person!”
Roxanne tensed up as she realized that the head of the kindergarten must have mistaken her words. Subconsciously, she turned to Lucian, hoping that he would say something to clarify the situation.
The matter would be blown out of proportion if the parents came over.
However, Lucian continued to look at the head of the kindergarten without any expression. He had no intention to reject the latter’s suggestion. 
###Chapter 1149
Chapter 1149
Chapter 1149 Seemingly sensing Roxanne’s gaze, Lucian turned toward her.
Roxanne was stupefied when their eyes met. It took her a few seconds to come back to her senses and signal Lucian to stop the head of the kindergarten.
“| don’t have much time. Tell them to hurry up.” It was as if he did not understand the look she gave him.
What the he*l!
The head of the kindergarten was quick to agree to it and promptly went to call the parents.
Once the other man was out, Roxanne turned to look at Lucian disapprovingly. “You don’t need to blow this out of proportion.”
Those kids might take out their anger on Essie after getting scolded by their parents. The lesson | taught them was more than enough.
Lucian’s eyes flitted toward the girl in Roxanne’s arms before anger seeped into those eyes. “Those parents could not educate their children well and let their kids bully Essie, so it is normal for them to have to pay the price for it. The consequences await them will only be more severe if they don’t apologize to us today.”
There was no way he was going to let those parents who allowed their children bully others off so easily. Roxanne parted her lips, but when she recalled that she was just an outsider, she closed her mouth again.
“What's the matter? Ms. Jarvis, you've already bullied those children, but you’re unwilling to teach the adults a lesson?” Lucian questioned, shooting her a strange look.
Their eyes met for a brief second before Roxanne quickly lowered her gaze “That isn’t what | mean. This is your family matter, Mr. Farwell. It’s best if you make the final decisions yourself.” She had only bullied the children because she was enraged, after all.
Lucian continued watching her grimly. Right as he was about to ask her why she was there, the head of the kindergarten suddenly came back inside.
“I've notified the parents about the matter. They said they'll rush over as quickly as they can. Please wait for them a little while, Mr. Farwell.”
With that, he curiously turned to Roxanne and cautiously asked, “She is...” Roxanne instinctively turned to Lucian.
Yet, Lucian was looking at her, waiting for her to introduce herself. There was even a look in his eyes that Roxanne could not decipher.
Despite his silence, Roxanne managed to understand what he wanted to say to her.
The man was asking her what identity she was going to take up after claiming to be Estella’s mother earlier. Along silence later, Roxanne squeezed out, “I am... Essie’s aunt.”
Then, she lowered her head guiltily
If the head of the kindergarten were to confirm her identity with Lucian, she was unsure if Lucian would actually go along with her words.
Fortunately, the head of the kindergarten did not ask more questions-he only nodded at her before returning the focus of the conversation to Estella
“Is Ms. Estella hurt? I'll get the doctor on duty to take a look at her right now.”
At that, he took out his phone, about to make the call.
Roxanne rejected him. “No need. I've already treated her wounds.”
Hearing that, the head of the kindergarten sighed in relief before thanking Roxanne profusely. Roxanne fell silent after that.
The head of the kindergarten wanted to begin buttering Lucian up, but when he noticed the other man’s gaze on Estella, he sheepishly clamped his mouth shut.
Pin-drop silence ensued in the office After what seemed like forever, hurried footsteps sounded out in the corridor.
Then, a few women dressed to their nines entered the office in a haste. The moment they saw Lucian, they began offering their apologies.
“Ms. Farwell, | heard that my child has been insensible and injured Ms. Estella. I’m really sorry. We didn’t educate our boy well enough. Please don’t worry. We'll definitely give him a good round of scolding when we get home.”
“Where’s the boy? Get him here and have him apologize to Ms. Estella sincerely.”
In no time, only the words of apologies filled the air in the office. 
###Chapter 1150
Chapter 1150
Chapter 1150 “Go back and teach your kids to behave.”
After what seemed like an eternity, Lucian finally uttered, “I believe kids are not born spiteful. If this happens again, | will take that to mean everyone here holds a grudge against Farwell Group.”
Although Lucian sounded understanding, his words carried an undertone of threat.
Everyone agreed unhesitatingly with Lucian.
However, as Lucian remained silent, no one dared to leave.
Roxanne spoke suddenly. “Essie is fine now. If there’s nothing else, I’m heading back.”
After she was done speaking, Roxanne wanted to return Estella to Lucian and was prepared to leave.
Nonetheless, Estella held onto Roxanne tightly and refused to let go of her.
Estella had not seen Roxanne for quite some time, so it was understandable why she was reluctant to leave the woman.
Moreover, Estella had spent a great deal of effort in order to bring about the meeting between her father and Roxanne. She definitely would not let the latter go this easily.
“Essie...”
Roxanne felt awkward with Estella holding tightly onto her as the other parents stared at her curiously. Refusing to let go of Roxanne, Estella said stubbornly, “No! | don’t want Daddy!”
Upon hearing Estella’s words, everyone exchanged looks.
“Ahem...” Someone realized the awkwardness of the situation and found an excuse to leave the scene. “Mr. Farwell, | will educate my child properly when | return home. | still have a meeting to attend, so | have to get back to work now.”
Lucian responded with an indifferent hum. Upon seeing this, the rest of the crowd followed suit and left the office. Everybody heaved a sigh of relief when they were out of the office.
They did not know how Roxanne was related to the Farwell family, but judging from the situation earlier, Estella had made Lucian look bad.
If it were another family in such a situation, perhaps they would have stayed to find out what was going on. However, when it came to Lucian, nobody dared to do so.
The office became empty all of a sudden.
Roxanne felt something was different but continued to pacify Estella without looking at Lucian
“Essie, be a good girl. | have to get back to work. You should go to your daddy.”
Estella shook her head forcefully.
Lucian felt bitter upon seeing that Roxanne was trying to avoid him again.
It was she who said Essie is none of her business anymore. Yet, she was the one who showed up at Essie’s kindergarten
She was the one who went back on her own words, but now she’s acting as though I forced her to do so. With these thoughts on his mind, Lucian said icily, “Essie, come here. Don’t stay in the way of Ms. Jarvis’ work.” Estella turned a deaf ear to Lucian’s words. She pitifully tugged at Roxanne’s arm and held up her injured hand. “It hurts!”
Roxanne’s heart ached when she looked at the red marks on Estella’s hand, but she really had no idea how to face Lucian if she stayed.
After a short while, Roxanne gently blew some air onto Estella’s injured hand. “All right, | have blown away all the pain now. It won’t hurt anymore.”
Seeing that Estella was still reluctant to let go of her, Roxanne softened her tone further. “I really have to get back to work, Essie. You be a good girl in school, and | will visit you in two days’ time, okay?”
After speaking to Estella, Roxanne glanced sheepishly at Lucian.
This time around, she had shown up without informing him. She wondered if Lucian would sternly refuse to let her visit again. Thankfully, Lucian seemed to understand the purpose behind her words and remained silent.
Estella looked skeptical. “You won’t come back if you leave!”
Roxanne patted Estella’s head and said, “I will come back. Didn’t | come here on my own accord this time. around? I’m worried about you, so I'll visit you again in two days.” 
###Chapter 1151
Chapter 1151
Estella stared intently at Roxanne for a very long time before she finally agreed to let go of the woman, though reluctantly. “Ms. Jarvis, you must pinkie swear with me that you will visit me in two days!”
Smiling, Roxanne extended her hand and pinkie swore with Estella.
Lucian’s face darkened as he saw how Roxanne and Estella interacted with each other.
After Roxanne was done placating Estella, she stood up once again to leave. “I should go now.”
With that, she fled the office without waiting for Lucian to respond.
Not only was she worried that Lucian would ask about the reason she showed up at the kindergarten, but she was also terrified of hearing his sarcastic remarks.
Lucian stared at Roxanne as she left the office. He furrowed his brows “Daddy, are you angry with Ms. Jarvis again?” Estella asked anxiously as she observed the change in her father’s expression.
Estella’s voice brought Lucian back to the present moment. He leaned over and caressed Estella’s head. “I’m not angry with Ms. Jarvis, but | have something to attend to and have to go now. You be a good girl in school, okay?”
Estella held onto his sleeve. “Daddy, are you going to pick me up tonight?”
Lucian stayed silent for a while. Realizing Estella must have been frightened from the earlier incident, he then nodded and agreed. “Okay”
Upon hearing Lucian’s words, Estella finally loosened her grip on her father and followed him out of the office. Lucian handed Estella over to Pamela before turning to leave
After coming out from the kindergarten, Roxanne slowed down her pace. Her mind was in a tumult
She had known that Lucian would marry Aubree sooner or later.
However, she never expected that he would let Aubree take care of Estella this soon.
Based on what Pamela said, it seems that Aubree has a good relationship with her
Does this mean that Aubree’s attitude toward Essie has changed too?
Perhaps Aubree will be a great mother in the future.
As Roxanne approached her car, she reached for the door handle.
Just as she extended her arm, someone behind her unexpectedly grabbed her by the wrist.
Roxanne immediately froze.
She could recognize to whom this hand belonged even though the person standing behind her did not speak a word It was none other than Lucian.
Is he here to warn me?
With that thought in mind, Roxanne took a deep breath and summoned up the courage to turn around. “Mr. Farwell, is there anything else you need?”
Lucian was in a rush when he left the kindergarten. With deep furrows in his brows, he scowled at Roxanne.
This was the first time Roxanne had ever seen such an expression in his eyes. She felt nervous all of a sudden.
“I'm sorry | broke my promise. Archie and Benny were worried that Essie would be bullied by the other kids. That’s why | came to the kindergarten to check on her It was all on their behalf...”
Roxanne offered an explanation right away without waiting for Lucian to interrogate her.
Just as Roxanne was done speaking, Lucian tightened his grip on her wrist.
Roxanne grimaced with pain.
“Ms. Jarvis, are you laying the blame on the two kids again?”
Lucian continued to question Roxanne, “If it were the two of them who were worried about Essie, why didn’t they come here themselves? Please don’t use the excuse that they are only kids. They have been to my place. on their own many times before this.”
Roxanne was dumbfounded upon being grilled by Lucian. After a long time, she added abruptly, “Il was very worried too.” With a sullen expression on his face, Lucian probed, “Is that all?”
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat when she heard the tone of Lucian’s voice. She started to feel afraid of what he was going to say next.
“Since you are so worried about Essie, are you sure it’s enough for you to just take a look at her?”
Lucian stared morosely at Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1152
Chapter 1152
Roxanne shuddered in fright. “That's enough!”
Lucian’s dangerous tone of voice terrified her
Nonetheless, he wasn’t about to let her off. “Wouldn’t becoming Essie’s mother make you feel more at ease?” Her chest felt tight, and she had difficulty breathing upon his words.
This wasn’t the first time Lucian had asked her that question, but her answer remained the same.
This round was no different
She gritted her teeth and pulled away. “You're overthinking things. | care for Essie because | feel bad for how much she relies on me. That's it.”
Lucian closed in. “I wonder what Essie would think of this when she learns that you care for her only because you feel bad for
her.
Roxanne’s heart fell when she heard him. She gritted her teeth and met his eyes. “I do like Essie, but that doesn’t mean | must become her mother. After all, | don’t intend on taking advantage of you, and | believe you don’t, too.”
Lucian’s eyes darkened “How are you so sure that | don’t?” Her pupils constricted as her heart shook. Is he saying what | think he’s saying? If that’s so. How could he say something like that? Isn’t he getting married to Aubree soon?
The words Lucian had spoken to her when he was courting her flashed through her mind, and she suddenly thought of a possibility.
Up till now, Lucian was merely looking for a mother Estella would like. That would mean Aubree might still be under consideration. Roxanne’s eyes turned cold at that thought.
“Don’t say something so misleading. Mr. Farwell. | already have Archie and Benny. | don’t have the energy to care for one more child. I’m sure Ms Pearson will do a great job caring for Essie if you insist on finding a mother she would like, even if it is for your sake.”
Roxanne lowered her eyes and kept her emotions under control. “I’ve said everything | need to say. If there’s nothing else, | will take my leave.”
Lucian’s eyes darkened. He reached out and grabbed her wrist with great force. Roxanne turned to look at him. She was about to speak up when an ear-piercing honk sounded. She turned toward the direction of the sound instinctively
Acar rolled to a stop behind hers. The next thing she knew, Aubree stormed out of the vehicle with a grim expression
“Ms. Pearson’s here.” Roxanne looked away as she reminded Lucian of Aubree’s arrival.
Lucian frowned, turned around, and gave Aubree a glance.
Roxanne quickly pulled away. She got into her car nonchalantly and was about to leave when Aubree called out to her
“Ms. Jarvis, it's been a long time. Don’t you have anything to say to me?”
Roxanne could tell from Aubree’s tone that she was angry.
Aubree approached Lucian with an awkward smile and fixed Roxanne with a murderous stare.
How dare she show up here?
Aubree was secretly glad she was on good terms with Pamela as Pamela was the one who notified her the moment Lucian met up with Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1153
Chapter 1153
Awave of fury crashed through Aubree upon the thought of Lucian and Roxanne being together.
Why does this woman keep showing up everywhere?
However, she forced a smile as she couldn't express her disgust for Roxanne since Lucian was around. On the other hand, Roxanne never thought Aubree would call out to her when she was about to leave. It would have been rude of her if she ignored Aubree
With that thought in mind, Roxanne paused in her tracks, turned around, and greeted Aubree coldly, “It's been a while, Ms Pearson”
Aubree smiled. “If | remember correctly, your kids don’t study here. So what brings you here today, Ms. Jarvis? Are you planning to transfer them to this kindergarten so they can attend school with Essie?”
Roxanne’s heart sank at that She could tell what Aubree was hinting at even though she didn’t say it straight to her face.
Aubree was accusing her of using Archie and Benny to approach Lucian by transferring her two kids to the same kindergarten as Estella.
Roxanne denied her accusation without hesitation as soon as she realized what Aubree was getting at “You're overthinking things, Ms. Pearson. Archie and Benny are doing fine in school. | have no plans of transferring them over, nor do | have the time and effort to do so.”
Aubree chuckled casually and started to put on an act. “It’s okay. | can help if you ever want to transfer your kids over. Essie likes being friends with Archie and Benny. It'll be good company for her.”
Roxanne’s lips twitched. “That won’t be necessary. | only came to check on Essie.” “Essie is well taken care of. You have nothing to worry about, Ms. Jarvis.”
Aubree continued coldly. “You have nothing to do with Essie. Moreover, you are Lucian’s ex-wife. It will be in our best interest for you to keep your distance from Lucian and Essie as we are getting married soon,”
Lucian’s and Roxanne’s faces fell when Aubree mentioned their divorce.
Roxanne lowered her eyes and balled her hands into fists.
She was reminded of how she had brought her two kids up alone in a foreign country after the divorce.
At the moment, all her hardships in the past six years turned into hatred for Lucian and Aubree.
She wouldn’t have landed in such a huge mess if not for the two of them.
She couldn’t understand why she would want to worry herself about some kid Lucian had with another woman now that she was back.
Awave of sadness washed over her as she smiled bleakly upon that thought
Aubree, standing by Lucian’s side, was about to say something more to make her stand but was interrupted by Lucian. “Are you done?”
Aubree gulped as she was jolted back to her senses. Only then did she realize she was being too arrogant just now “I'm sorry, Lucian. | was worried since Ms. Yaxley told me she saw a suspicious individual barge into the
kindergarten and interact with Essie.”
She pushed the blame onto Pamela and Roxanne brazenly
Then, she turned to Roxanne and said kindly, “It’s not that I’m stopping you from visiting Essie. | just hope that
you can let me know beforehand in the future so that | can give Ms. Yaxley a heads up.” 
###Chapter 1154
Chapter 1154
Roxanne gave cold looks to the two people in front of her.
When Aubree met Roxanne’s eyes, a strange sensation struck her, and she subconsciously clamped her mouth shut. Lucian, on the other hand, scowled and looked at Roxanne gloomily
Along while later, Roxanne curled her lips self-deprecatingly. “Don’t worry, Ms. Pearson, | get your point. I'll stay away from Essie from now on, but | hope you'll be able to take good care of Essie and not let something like this happen again.”
Right after she made those utterances, she went into the car without giving them a chance to respond to her.
Lucian drew his brows tightly together as he watched her leave. Though he wished she would not take off so unhesitatingly, he could not bring himself to say anything to make her stay when he thought about the look she had on her face earlier.
Meanwhile, Aubree did not expect Roxanne to point out her fault in front of Lucian before leaving. Her countenance slowly stiffened as she watched Roxanne’s car disappear from her line of sight. Then, she carefully turned to look at the man beside her. “Lucian...”
Lucian was upset, so he was visibly impatient when he spoke to her. “What else do you want to say? You were the one in charge of sending Essie to and from her school these days. Did her teacher not tell you. anything about Essie’s situation in school?”
Overwhelmed with guilt, Aubree lowered her gaze
Ms. Yaxley did tell me that Essie seemed down recently, but | didn’t put it to heart because | thought that was how Essie usually behaved. It never hit me that an incident like this would happen.
“If not for Roxanne finding out about it in time, what do you think would have happened to Essie this time?” Lucian questioned coldly
Aubree hastily tried to shrink from the blame. “Lucian, | really didn’t know about these matters. You are well aware of Essie’s condition. She’s never quite excited. Moreover, something like that happened on her first day. of kindergarten When Ms. Yaxley told me about it, she only said that Essie wasn’t enthusiastic in class, so! thought...”
In other words, she was blaming Pamela for not looking more into Estella’s situation.
That innuendo of hers did not go unnoticed by Lucian, whose expression darkened instantly. “When were you planning to tell me about this if | hadn’t asked?”
His sharp words had Aubree stumped for words. After a moment of silence, she tentatively uttered, “I shouldn’t have neglected this, | should've told you about it right away”
Then, she quickly added, “Lucian, | really care about Essie. | was in a meeting earlier, but once | received Ms. Yaxley’s message, | hurried over without wrapping up the meeting-”
Before she could finish her sentence, Lucian cut her off in annoyance. “If Essie is disturbing you from your work at Pearson Group, I'd say it’s best that I stop troubling you with Essie’s matters from now on.”
Aubree froze.
Lucian was willing to continue with the engagement on one condition, and that was to get Estella to accept
her. However, if he refused to let her get involved with Estella anymore, she would have no means to make the little girl accept her In that case, her engagement with him would be broken off.
“Lucian, please give me one more chance! | won't let something like this happen again!” Aubree pleaded, reaching out to grab Lucian’s arm.
However, he avoided her hands and uttered, “If this happens again, I'll announce to the public that the engagement between us has been called off.”
Aubree’s heart sank when those words entered her ears. Nevertheless, she soon realized that Lucian was actually giving her another chance.
With that thought in mind, she let out a sigh of relief and nodded fervently. 
###Chapter 1155
Chapter 1155
“I'll be picking Essie up this evening. Go back to your meeting,” Lucian said to Aubree in a frosty tone.
The woman dared not say anything else.
After all, it had been hard for her to get him to give her another chance, and she did not want to mess things up again. Only after watching Lucian leave did Aubree plod back into her car.
However, she did not drive toward Pearson Group.
The meeting she mentioned earlier was only a lie to make Lucian think that Estella was important to her.
The Pearsons had come to one tacit conclusion-Aubree’s most important task was to get Lucian to marry her as soon as possible.
Hence, her father had been taking care of everything in Pearson Group while she only went there once in a while. Most of her time was spent thinking of ways to get in Lucian’s good graces.
Just as her hard work was finally coming to fruition, Roxanne’s few sentences destroyed all the time and effort she had poured into the matter.
Enraged, Aubree wished she could skin Roxanne alive.
Alas, Lucian was present then, so she had no choice but to suppress her fury.
It did not help that he had given her such a stern warning that only served to fan the flames of anger in her heart.
I have to teach that b*tch a lesson!
Presuming that Roxanne should be at the research institute at that moment, Aubree headed straight for that place. Roxanne was mentally and physically exhausted after leaving Estella’s kindergarten
Initially, she planned to check on the little girl before returning to the research institute to continue her work. However, she no longer had any energy to spare.
Roxanne did not know whether it was because Aubree’s earlier words had upset her, but she found herself in a daze, unsure where to go.
As such, she ended up driving aimlessly around the city until the sky darkened, and it was time to pick Archie and Benny up. Only then did she finally head toward their kindergarten.
The moment she arrived, the boys were done with their classes.
They were already rushing toward her in excitement before she could even get out of the car.
At that sight, Roxanne stayed in the car and unlocked the car doors for them. Once they got in, she took their bags from them. Seeing the expectant looks on the boys’ faces made her heart sink
She knew they were that excited because they were aware that she went to visit Estella that day-they wanted to know how the little girl was doing.
If Estella were doing well, she would not hesitate to tell them about it Unfortunately, what she had seen was the scenario the boys dreaded the most
Roxanne did not know how to break it to them.
“Mommy, how’s Essie?” Benny asked when he heard nothing from her.
She lowered her gaze as a wave of resignation washed over her.
“Essie’s... doing okay. Her teacher takes very good care of her.”
That was the only thing Roxanne could think of to say to them.
Technically, it was not a lie. The teacher in Estella’s class was sure to focus more on the little girl after that. incident. Regardless of whether or not Estella would get on well with her classmates, she would never be bullied.
anymore
Finding their mother’s response strange, the boys worriedly asked, “Then did Essie see you?”
Roxanne nodded stiffly.
“Then, Mommy, did you tell her that we miss her a lot too?” Benny queried in his adorable voice.
Roxanne kept her eyes focused on the road, not daring to meet the boys’ innocent gazes. “I did.” 
###Chapter 1156
Chapter 1156
Upon returning to their mansion, Roxanne went to prepare dinner while the boys ran upstairs.
“Archie, was Mommy lying to us just now?” Benny could not help but ask his older brother right after he closed the bedroom door.
Archie frowned, his countenance utterly taut. | sensed that there was something very weird about Mommy's tone and expression as well when she answered us just now. In fact, she even avoided our gazes on purpose. It’s obvious that Mommy lied to us, but why? Could it be that Essie is having a tough time? Or could it be that Mommy didn’t go to see Essie?
The boys could not stop thinking about those two possibilities.
“Should we visit Essie ourselves?” Benny anxiously put forth a suggestion when he did not get a response from his older brother after a long wait.
Archie shook his head. “Let’s ask Mommy first. There must be a reason she lied to us.”
Mommy has been acting very weirdly ever since we came home today. Could it be that she bumped into Daddy when she went to see Essie?
At the thought of that possibility, he cast a glance at Benny and decided against voicing his speculation after a few seconds of hesitation.
His younger brother was too impulsive in matters concerning Estella. Since he was worried about her as well, he was afraid that Benny would sway him should he divulge his conjecture.
In their bedroom, Archie and Benny discussed ways to get their mother to tell them the truth. In the meantime, Aubree, beside herself with fury, was driving toward Roxanne’s house.
Earlier in the afternoon, she had gone to the research institute. Not daring to raise a ruckus at that place lest she create more problems for herself, she opted to obtain Roxanne’s whereabouts by asking around. By the time she managed to confirm that the latter was absent from the research institute, hours had passed.
It was almost time for kindergarten students to finish their classes, so Aubree rushed to the kindergarten, but she got there too late.
At that point, she was extremely exasperated because she had missed Roxanne twice in a row.
Aubree sped to Roxanne’s house, slammed her car door behind her, and strode to the entrance of the mansion.
After pressing the doorbell twice, she soon heard footsteps within the house, followed closely by Roxanne’s voice.
“Who is it?” Roxanne asked.
She could not fathom why she would have visitors so late at night.
Aubree took a deep breath and shouted, “It’s me! Open up!”
When Roxanne heard her voice, she halted in her tracks abruptly and replied indifferently, “I’m sorry, Ms. Pearson, but I’m making dinner for my kids. | don’t think | have the time to entertain you. Please go home!”
Considering how their encounter at the kindergarten entrance that day went badly, she was certain that the other woman had come to find fault with her.
That was why Roxanne was not planning on opening the door for her guest.
“To think that you still remembered that you have two children!” Standing on the other side of the door, Aubree cursed, “Don’t you dare forget the fact that you and Lucian are already divorced and that you gave
birth to two b*stards! How dare you pester Lucian? Do you have no shame? With your current circumstances, do you think the Farwells will accept you into their family? Stop dreaming!”
Roxanne did not expect such maniacal behavior from Aubree. Her face darkened as she uttered, “Il won’t forget that. You may leave now.”
She did not want things to turn ugly since her children were upstairs.
Much to her annoyance, however, Aubree, seemingly provoked, continued hurling a tirade of abuse. In fact, her voice was getting louder.
“Are you finally scared of me now? Is that why you’re asking me to leave? Well, too late! Who do you think you are? How dare you talk badly about me before Lucian, you b*tch!” Aubree roared. 
###Chapter 1157
Chapter 1157
Chapter 1157 Aubree was getting out of line. Afraid that Archie and Benny could hear her, Roxanne decided to open the door and confront her. “Are you done, Ms. Pearson? If you are, please leave,” she uttered.
When Aubree saw that Roxanne had finally stepped out of the mansion, she became even more enraged. “How dare you come out! What is it? Are you hoping for Lucian to come over to help you?” she snarled at the sight of the latter’s face.
Annoyed, Roxanne frowned. “As I’ve said before, I'll distance myself from them. | only went to the kindergarten today because | wanted to know how Essie was doing. If those kids didn’t bully her, | wouldn't have met Mr. Farwell, and no one would’ve known | was there.”
Then, she enunciated a promise. “From now on, as long as Essie is well, I'll stay out of your lives.”
“You've got to be kidding me!” Disdain was written all over Aubree’s face. “Do you think | would still believe your words? Where are those two b*stards? Get them to come out! | want to show them their mother’s true colors! They should know how you’ve seduced someone else’s fiancé!”
Roxanne’s expression turned grim when she heard her words. “Aubree Pearson, get out of here if you’re done making a scene, or else I'll call the police!”
“Go on! I'd like to see if the police will side with me, Lucian’s fiancée, or you, the homewrecker!” Aubree sneered.
At that moment, Archie and Benny had just finished their discussion, and they could vaguely hear an argument going on downstairs.
It sounded like someone called Mommy a homewrecker...
Perplexed, the boys ran to the balcony and looked downward, only to find Aubree standing in front of the entrance of their mansion.
She was scolding their mother with sheer venom in her expression.
“Listen to me-you'll never get Lucian’s attention no matter what you do! He didn’t have feelings for you six years ago, and that hasn't changed since then! I’m the only woman who’s worthy enough to be by his side!” Aubree fumed. “Besides, there’s no way the Farwell family would accept those two b*stard children of yours!”
It was as though she uttered that reminder because she was afraid Roxanne had forgotten all about it.
Hearing her repeatedly call Archie and Benny with such a derogatory term infuriated Roxanne, who walked up to her with a frosty expression.
“What's the matter with you? Are you going to hit me?” Aubree mocked.
As soon as those words fell from her lips, a cute voice rang out from above. “Watch out, Mommy!”
In the next second, cold water poured down on Aubree, drenching her from head to toe.
The woman froze momentarily before she regained her senses a few moments later and looked up furiously.
On the balcony, Benny stood on a stool and made a face at her. “There’s no way Mr. Farwell would fall for an evil woman like you!”
“You little b*stard! Get down here! | swear I'll teach you rascals a lesson!” Aubree yelled at Archie and Benny hysterically.
However, the boys were not the least bit intimidated by her. “This is what you get for scolding our mommy, you evil woman!” Overwhelmed with rage, Aubree wanted to walk past Roxanne to storm upstairs.
Archie’s and Benny’s rash actions took Roxanne by surprise as well.
However, she could not deny that she was inexplicably exhilarated by it.
Despite that, she was worried that Aubree would try and harm the boys, considering how angry the latter looked. Therefore, she gave her a stiff apology on behalf of her children. “Ms. Pearson, they didn’t do it on purpose. They’re just kids, so please forgive them.”
With that, Roxanne looked up and shot a glance at Archie and Benny, signaling them to go along with her. Pouring water on her to vent our anger is sufficient. We'll only end up on the losing end if we get into another
trouble.
However, Archie and Benny acted as though they did not notice her gaze. With arms akimbo, they uttered matter-of-factly, “We did it on purpose! Let’s see if you still dare to scold Mommy!” 
###Chapter 1158
Chapter 1158
Chapter 1158 “B*stards!” Aubree wanted to dash into the house as if she had gone berserk.
Since things had already gone to that extent, Roxanne saw no point in backing down. Hence, she stood firm at the entrance and blocked Aubree’s way. “Why are you so mad, Ms. Pearson? You were the one who came to our house today and made a violent outburst! Archie and Benny were just returning the favor.”
All of a sudden, Aubree stood still. “It must've been your doing! You must've taught them to do this!” she roared in between pants.
With that, she lifted her hand and swung it toward Roxanne, who had been keeping her guard up.
The latter swiftly raised her hand and jabbed a finger at an acupuncture point on Aubree’s arm.
Aubree instantly felt her arm going numb and weak.
Before she could come to her senses, she received a tight slap across her face.
Roxanne did not hold back in that slap. The impact was so strong that Aubree felt her mind going blank.
It took her a long while to snap out of it. When she finally did, she stared at Roxanne in disbelief. “You! How dare you hit me?” “| just did what you were going to do to me,” the latter answered with an icy expression.
As soon as Roxanne finished her sentence, she shoved Aubree aside.
Caught off guard, Aubree staggered two steps backward and almost rolled down the stairs before the entrance.
“This is a matter between us adults. Why did you have to involve my kids, Ms. Pearson? That’s rather disgraceful of you, don’t you think?” Roxanne paused and added expressionlessly, “Take that slap as a warning. If you dare to lay a finger on Archie and Benny, I’ll make sure you regret your actions!”
As soon as Aubree stabilized herself, she made a lunge at Roxanne. Roxanne lifted her leg slightly and kicked an acupuncture point on Aubree’s knee. Again, Aubree ended up staggering backward in pain.
“You're no match for me. If | want to make you suffer, | can do so easily.” Roxanne was merely stating facts. “Please don’t forget about my expertise, Ms. Pearson.”
As a traditional medicine practitioner famous for her prowess in acupuncture, she was extremely familiar with all the acupuncture points on the human body as well as knowing how much pressure to exert on which acupuncture point in order to bring about the desired effects.
Although the knowledge could save the lives of others, it could also be used as a form of self-defense.
Aubree flushed with rage from having suffered twice at the hands of Roxanne, but she dared not retaliate recklessly. “Why aren’t you leaving yet?” Roxanne snapped.
Because of what she had done earlier, Aubree shuddered unconsciously at her shout.
Upon realizing her reaction, Aubree blushed crimson with embarrassment. She then acted tough, yelling, “Just you wait!”
With that, she gritted her teeth and left.
After getting into her car, however, she stared at the mansion from afar instead of driving off immediately. By then, Roxanne had turned around and gone back into the mansion. Archie and Benny were still on the balcony, making faces at her in a smug manner.
Their complacent behavior caused Aubree’s features to twist into a fearsome expression of fury. Those two b*stards! They’d better pray that they won't ever fall into my hands. Otherwise, | swear I'll make their lives a living
hell! She stayed outside the mansion for quite a while before flooring the accelerator and driving away.
In the mansion, Roxanne suppressed her anger and continued preparing dinner. Once she was done, she hollered at Archie and Benny to get them to come downstairs for dinner.
At that moment, the boys were already waiting at the landing.
They had fun taking revenge on Aubree earlier, but after watching her leave, they quickly realized that their action could very well upset Roxanne.
Hence, they had been waiting at the landing, expecting their mother to lecture them. 
###Chapter 1159
Chapter 1159
Chapter 1159 “Come downstairs for dinner!” Roxanne called out to the boys after heaving a sigh inwardly.
Archie and Benny came down the stairs obediently. As soon as they saw her, they admitted their mistake by saying, “Mommy, we're sorry.”
Before Roxanne could utter a word in response, Benny added, “However, | don’t think we did anything wrong. That evil woman scolded you. We wanted to protect you, Mommy!”
The sight of Aubree berating their mother infuriated the brothers so much that they acted impulsively, grabbing a watering can nearby and pouring the water on the wicked woman’s head.
If Aubree had dared to continue scolding Roxanne, the boys would not hesitate to empty another can of water over her, even if their mother would be angry at them.
Roxanne’s heart softened at Benny’s words. However, her expression was still tense as she replied, “I know you two care about me, but stay out of it if something like this happens again in the future. Just let me handle it. Don’t intervene.”
Benny retorted, “Mommy-”
“You two might think that you are protecting me, but at the same time, you are putting yourselves in danger. What if Ms. Pearson takes revenge on you two in the future? Don’t you think | would be worried about that?” Roxanne interrupted with a frown.
Archie and Benny exchanged glances sheepishly before lowering their heads. “We’re sorry, Mommy. We were too impulsive.”
Although they had yet to find proof, they speculated that someone had paid the older children to beat them up. It isn’t hard to figure out who the instruction came from. If that evil woman could do something like that, she could also take revenge on us. We didn’t think things through...
Only after Roxanne saw that the boys had realized their mistake did she relax her tense expression. “Also, | would like to thank you for protecting me just now.”
With that, she bent over to hug them. “However, don’t act so rashly next time. Although you two want to protect me, | also want to protect you.”
Archie and Benny nodded obediently.
Due to the disruption caused by Aubree, they did not manage to ask about Estella.
Nevertheless, they were dying to know the answers to the questions in their minds.
After returning to their bedroom, they started discussing ways to ask Roxanne about it in the future.
Meanwhile, Roxanne lay in her bed with conflicted feelings. | merely wanted to check on Essie. Who would’ve thought that so
many things would end up happening instead? Not only have | met Lucian, but I’ve also gotten into conflict with Aubree...
At that moment, Lucian’s words and scenes of Estella getting bullied were playing on a loop in her mind. Upon realizing what was on her mind, Roxanne bolted upright and shook her head violently. Why am | still thinking about those things? I’ve already promised Aubree | would stay away from them...
While she was getting frustrated with herself, her phone that was on the table rang.
Getting a grip on herself, Roxanne glanced down at her phone and saw Jack’s name on the screen. It’s already so late at night. What does Jack want from me again?
She then picked up her phone in confusion. The second the call was connected, Jack’s voice came through the receiver. “Hi, Ms. Jarvis. Am | interrupting your sleep?”
Roxanne sounded tired when she replied, “No. | was just done getting ready for bed, but | hadn’t laid down yet. What can | do for you, Mr. Damaris?”
Jack chuckled and said, “That’s good, then. From tomorrow onward, our research is entering the key stage. My grandpa wants me to support the research fully. Hence, | may be visiting the research institute more frequently starting tomorrow. | hope you won't find me a nuisance, Ms. Jarvis.” 
###Chapter 1160
Chapter 1160
Chapter 1160 Roxanne’s spirits finally lifted at the mention of their research.
We successfully completed the first stage of our research this morning, proving that the efforts we’ve put in all this time haven't been in vain. Starting tomorrow, we'll be embarking on a new and even more challenging stage!
Just thinking about the results their research would bring filled her heart with anticipation.
She also greatly welcomed Jack’s assistance. “I’d be honored if you could come and help us, of course. Why would | find you a nuisance?”
He let out a low chuckle. “That’s good to know. It’s late, so | shan’t disturb you any further. See you tomorrow.” Roxanne assented with a laugh.
Thanks to Jack’s phone call, she gradually felt calmer. Finally, she drifted into a peaceful sleep while thinking about the new research she would be doing the following day.
Early the following morning, she sent Archie and Benny to the kindergarten, then hurried to the research institute.
She thought she was early, but to her surprise, Jack was there before her.
When she arrived, he and Colby were standing in the corridor, deep in conversation. Both of them looked very
serious.
Roxanne waited quietly at the side and did not interrupt.
It took a long while before they wrapped up their discussion, and only then did she pipe up apologetically, “I’m sorry I’m late.”
Jack flashed her an understanding smile. “That's all right. | know you have to drop off the kids at kindergarten. In any case, we're not on a time crunch here. Your children are much more important.”
Since he had taken the words right out of Colby’s mouth, the latter could only give a tight smile as he greeted Roxanne. “Good morning, Dr. Jarvis.”
Then, the trio walked alongside each other toward the research facility while chatting about the project’s progress.
Suddenly, Jack turned to look at Colby and said, “Oh, right. | forgot to mention I’m officially participating in this research from today onward. | look forward to working with you, Dr. Galloway.”
Colby’s expression stiffened for a fleeting moment when he heard those words.
Just as Roxanne looked over, however, he quickly composed himself and smiled pleasantly. “I’m sure our research will go on even more smoothly with your participation.”
After uttering that reply, he lowered his gaze, hiding his emotions behind the thin lenses of his glasses.
Even before this, Jack has been coming to the research institute almost daily. He’s practically glued to Roxanne. Now that he’s so-called officially participating in the research, there’s no saying how much closer they'll become.
Awave of jealousy washed over him as the image of Roxanne and Jack being together all day appeared in his mind.
Whether on purpose or not, Jack’s lips quirked into an unfathomable smile after he dropped the bomb. It was not long before they entered the research facility. Roxanne formally introduced Jack to the other researchers, who welcomed him warmly, then led him to their laboratory bench.
Initially, they only carried out pre-testing in small batches. Hence, the bench prepared by her was not that large. There was just enough space for two people to work together.
Previously, Colby and Roxanne were the ones working on the pre-tests together. With the addition of Jack, however, Colby had no choice but to relinquish his spot and play second fiddle.
After pre-heating the apparatus, Roxanne prepared to add the materials. When she turned around, the materials that had been weighed out were already passed to her.
She was momentarily surprised. Then, she lifted her gaze and looked at Jack with a smile before accepting the materials and continuing with the experiment.
Perhaps because the pair had worked together to some extent during that previous period, she found they had good teamwork. If she had to compare it to collaborating with Colby, she did not find it much different. 
###Chapter 1161
Chapter 1161
Watching Roxanne and Jack working in harmony with each other made the flames of jealousy in Colby’s heart blaze even more fiercely.
The pre-testing went on for three whole days.
By the end of it, they succeeded in testing the various properties of the finished product and determining its basic feasibility. Only then did they start gradually increasing the dosage.
Following the increased quantity of medicinal herbs used, the stamina required for the experiment also gradually rose.
Due to the delicate nature of the experiment, they could not add the materials all at once. Instead, they could only stand watch at the laboratory bench and add it slowly, a little at a time.
On top of that, it was not easy to obtain the materials. Hence, they had to be extra careful while adding them. Noticing the beads of sweat on Roxanne’s forehead, Jack offered in a low voice, “Let me do it.” As he spoke, he made to take the materials from her.
However, she dodged his hand cautiously. She was worried about spilling the materials and dared not move about too much or abruptly. Nonetheless, that action was enough to indicate her refusal.
After all, there was no one else she trusted more than herself to carry out such a delicate task.
Seeing that, Jack raised his brows but did not insist any further. Instead, he grabbed two pieces of tissue from the side and said, “You're sweating. I'll help to dab it off.”
Without waiting for her to respond, he stretched his hand toward her forehead.
Absorbed in observing the process of the experiment, the sudden realization that his hand was in front of her face took her by surprise, and she subconsciously jerked her head away.
For a moment, Jack’s hand froze in midair.
Only when Roxanne noticed the tissues in his hand did it finally dawn on her what he had wanted to do. Even so, she felt a sense of repulsion in her heart.
“Thanks, Mr. Damaris, but | can do it myself,” she uttered after returning to her senses, breaking the awkward atmosphere rather abruptly. Then, she took the tissues from him.
Jack smiled nonchalantly in response. The sight of his smile threw her into a daze for a brief moment.
No matter how | think about it, what he tried to do earlier seems like a rather intimate gesture. Looking at that smile on his face now, however, | can’t help feeling that perhaps that ambiguous feeling was merely my imagination
Just as she was wondering whether she had read too much into it, Jack reached for the tissues in her hand that she had used to wipe her sweat as though it was the most natural thing in the world.
That caused her to waver again.
Meanwhile, jealousy and rage intermingled within Colby as he watched the pair interact as if they were the only people in the room
if this goes on, sooner or later, something is bound to happen between those two!
At that thought, he furrowed his brows and strode over to Roxanne. “You must be tired by now, Dr. Jarvis. Why don’t you rest for a while? | can take over here”
| can’t let these two spend any more time alone!
Roxanne was also at a loss for how to face Jack, so she went along with his suggestion. “Okay, then. Thanks.”
Suppressing the raging jealousy in his heart, Colby shot her a reassuring smile.
Soon, she was standing at one side, leaving the two men at the bench by themselves.
After discarding the tissues, Jack turned around and gave Colby a cryptic smile. “It’s a pleasure to work with you, Dr. Galloway.”
“Mr. Damaris, since you're specifically here to assist with the research, please don’t do anything unnecessary,” Colby replied, looking somewhat grim.
Jack snorted. “How can you be sure it’s unnecessary? Who knows? | may gain some unexpected results after the research is concluded.”
Both of them understood the unspoken meaning behind their conversation. Colby’s gaze darkened instantly when he heard Jack’s reply.
That was because he knew there was a high possibility that what Jack said would turn into reality after seeing how well the latter got along with Roxanne.
His fury spiked as that prospect crossed his mind.
I've been by Roxanne’s side for so long, yet she isn’t even willing to spare me a glance. How can | possibly let Jack get his way? 
###Chapter 1162
Chapter 1162
The atmosphere between the two men turned silent abruptly as both kept quiet afterward. Colby looked down at the experiment, his mind racing with various thoughts.
| cannot allow Jack and Roxanne to interact further in this manner. | must think of a way! All of a sudden, Jack’s phone rang.
The man looked at the incoming caller ID and smiled apologetically at the other two in the room. “Excuse me. My grandpa is calling me. He probably wants to check on the progress of our experiment.”
Roxanne nodded in understanding. Soon, Jack left the research facility with his phone.
Roxanne wanted to step forward to help out, but Colby waved his hand in dismissal. “You can stay there and get some rest. The reaction has already started. | can keep watch by myself.”
Once the reaction began, there would not be much for them to do. Their only task would be to monitor the entire process to ensure no accident happened.
Hearing that, Roxanne did not insist further and returned to her seat. She could not help but be reminded of Jack’s gesture earlier.
Even though she could not fathom his intention, based on that earlier incident alone, she felt that she had to keep a distance from him.
Meanwhile, Colby stole glances at Roxanne before carefully picking up a bottle of material on the laboratory bench.
Seizing the moment of her inattention, he cautiously added another part of the liquid from that bottle into the flask and swiftly replaced the bottle on the bench.
He was quick with his actions, not to mention the material he poured was colorless and odorless
As a result, when Roxanne came closer to inspect the progress of the reaction, she did not notice anything unusual Not long after, Jack returned from outside.
Roxanne asked concernedly, “What did Old Mr. Damaris say?”
“Grandpa told me to assist you all to the best of my abilities after learning that the experiment is progressing smoothly.” He beamed at her.
In response, she nodded and fell silent afterward.
Suddenly, Colby turned around to look at them. “Should this phenomenon be present during the experiment?”
His voice was filled with puzzlement.
Hearing his query, Roxanne and Jack were momentarily stunned before hastening over to the bench.
An icy glint flashed across Colby’s eyes, and he stepped aside to let them check out the situation.
White smoke was billowing from the flask Even the stopper was shaking vigorously as if the whole thing was going to explode “What's going on?” Roxanne was utterly bemused
She had never observed something like that during the previous pre-tests
Did we add too many materials at once, and the conditions for the reaction failed to keep up?
Possessing an inquisitive spirit, Roxanne stopped the reaction and opened the stopper to figure out what was happening inside the flask.
As she knew that reaction would not produce any poisonous or harmful substance, she did not take any safety measures. Colby’s pupils constricted when he saw she had unstoppered the flask. He stretched out his hand, wanting to drag her backward. However, he thought of something the next second and retracted his hand ultimately.
Conversely, Jack reacted promptly and pulled Roxanne to his side.
“Be carefull”
He caught a whiff of a familiar smell. This is a poisonous gas, and it’s one with relatively high toxicity!
Roxanne had also perceived the scent. Unfortunately, as she was too close to the flask, she inhaled a large. amount of the gas at once. Instantaneously, she experienced the symptoms of poisoning-dizziness.
Roxanne mustered her strength to warn them. “Something’s wrong... Quick, tell everyone to exit the building... Jack glanced at Colby, who got moving at once and started evacuating the personnel inside the research. facility.
At the same time, Jack immediately helped Roxanne to retreat 
###Chapter 1163
Chapter 1163
Chapter 1163 Arriving at the corridor with better ventilation, Jack asked Roxanne about her condition concernedly, “How are you feeling?” He had been near the flask’s opening as well, but his symptoms of poisoning were not as severe because he reacted in time.
Roxanne’s head was spinning terribly. Still, she forced herself not to succumb to vertigo. Staring at the research facility's entrance, she asked, “H-Has everyone moved out of the building?”
The gas was very poisonous and spread rapidly. She was afraid there might be other researchers who were poisoned as well.
The sight of her still worrying about others when she was in that sickly state tugged at Jack’s heartstrings. “Dr. Galloway is already evacuating the premise. Don’t worry.”
After answering her, he grasped her wrist to check her condition. Instinctively, Roxanne wanted to avoid the physical contact, but she did not even have the strength to lift her arm.
“Something is very off with this reaction. This poisonous gas shouldn't be present regardless of how erroneous our experiment had gone,” Jack elaborated to her while performing the examination.
Naturally, she was aware of that too. However, she did not have the energy to discuss that matter with him at that moment.
Soon, Colby, leading a group of researchers, came running out, leaving a few more experienced researchers to handle the emergency.
They surrounded Roxanne while engaging in a heated discussion. “How's Dr. Jarvis?”
“Shouldn't this kind of dangerous experiment be performed in the designated laboratory? What happened today? How did this poisonous gas come to be?”
More questions ensued as everyone expressed their doubts.
The flow of air slowed down as more people gathered there.
Roxanne’s face grew paler. Even her coughing sound gradually turned diminished.
“Dr. Jarvis!” Feigning worry, Colby crouched next to Jack and Roxanne. “Mr. Damaris, how is Dr. Jarvis doing?” Jack merely cast a dark look at him, ignoring him.
The next second, Roxanne started coughing violently.
“Oh no!”
Jack’s pupils constricted as he swiftly stretched out his hands
Roxanne’s whole body went limp, and she passed out, slumping right into his outstretched arms.
When Colby saw their intimate posture, his gaze darkened Jack should’ve been the one to be severely poisoned
He only wanted something unfortunate to befall Jack so that the latter would be separated from Roxanne.
Unexpectedly, his plan was not thorough enough, resulting in Roxanne being the one to unstopper the flask.
To avoid exposing his wrongdoing, Colby could only stand by and watch as she ran the risk and inhaled at large amount of the poisonous gas.
Of course, he was unwilling to endanger Roxanne and even wanted to reach out to stop her. However, on second thought, he would be wasting that chance and might even expose himself if he did so.
Besides, even if Roxanne were the one to be poisoned, he would still achieve half of his goal. | suppose she can only stay in the hospital for the time being and won't be free to spend time with Jack.
Colby felt exhilarated at that thought.
To conceal his emotions, he behaved hypocritically, standing up and glowering at the onlookers. “Why are all of you gathering here? Dr. Jarvis needs fresh air. Aren’t you aware of basic knowledge like this?”
Those experienced researchers hastily dispersed as if they had just recalled something important. Colby then said to Jack, “I'll contact the hospital.” With that, he swiftly strode to one corner and took out his phone to make the call.
Thereafter, seemingly remembering something, he searched for Lucian’s number in his contact list, typed a message, and sent it to him. Throughout it all, his face was expressionless. 
###Chapter 1164
Chapter 1164
Meanwhile, Lucian was having a weekly wrap-up meeting in a conference room at Farwell Group.
Members of the upper management apprehensively looked at Lucian, who was sitting at the end of the table. They had been cautious for the past two days, for Lucian seemed to be in a bad mood.
The tension in the conference room was so thick one could cut it with a knife, and when it was time for progress reports, they all walked on eggshells, fearing a single mistake from them would send Lucian flying into a rage.
The directors of departments with terrible performances didn’t even dare to raise their heads during the meeting. Everyone held their breaths in dread until a knock came on the door.
The director who was presenting stopped talking and followed the lines of sight of his colleagues. Everyone in the conference room focused their attention on the door.
The door opened to reveal an awkward Cayden standing in the doorway, holding a phone.
Cayden shot an apologetic smile at the rest before turning to look at Lucian with a troubled expression. “Mr. Farwell, your phone.”
Lucian, who was already in a bad mood, got even more furious when the meeting was disrupted. His expression turned stonier than ever, and he was seconds away from chewing Cayden out.
On second thought, however, he figured Cayden had been working for him long enough to know not to disturb a meeting unless there was something important.
Lucian suppressed his anger at that thought and gestured for Cayden to bring his phone over.
Cayden discreetly let out a sigh of relief and hurried into the room. He even clicked on the text message, displaying it on the screen before handing it over to Lucian.
When Lucian reached for the phone, Cayden deliberately glanced at the screen, implying Lucian to look at it. Noticing Cayden’s out-of-the-ordinary behavior, Lucian followed his line of sight and dropped his gaze to the phone. With a glance, Lucian caught the name “Jarvis” on the screen.
His eyebrows furrowed as he perused the message carefully.
It was a message from Colby that read: Dr. Jarvis accidentally inhaled some poisonous gas during an experiment. She is currently unconscious.
Cayden hesitated for a while when he saw the contents of the message.
Mr. Farwell is seemingly not on speaking terms with Ms. Jarvis lately. Moreover, he has clearly decided to go about his marriage engagement with Ms. Pearson,
Thus, Cayden was conflicted about whether he should inform Lucian about the news.
Recalling how concerned Lucian was about Roxanne’s matters, however, Cayden decided to bite the bullet in the end and brought the phone to the conference room.
At that moment, he was studying Lucian’s expression intently without blinking, afraid that his action was unnecessary and would end up making Lucian angry
He watched as Lucian’s expression turned darker Even the members of the upper management who sat further away could sense the atmosphere in the room growing tenser by the minute.
“Today's meeting ends here. | want each person-in-charge to submit a written document of the remaining part to Cayden,” Lucian ordered as he rose from his seat.
Without waiting for a response, Lucian left the room in a hurry.
Poisoned during an experiment? What is Roxanne doing? How could she not prioritize her safety after conducting so many years of experiments?
The directors in the conference room exchanged confused glances.
Lucian had always prioritized work over everything else during his years as Farwell Group’s CEO. However, recently, they had seen Lucian suspend numerous meetings midway due to unknown reasons. Though the meetings weren’t important, Lucian’s behavior was still shocking to them.
Cayden silently exhaled a sigh of relief.
Fortunately, it seems | didn’t do anything unnecessary. From the look on Mr. Farwell's face, it’s apparent Ms. Jarvis is important to him. | hope this incident can improve the relationship between the two. 
###Chapter 1165
Chapter 1165
Chapter 1165 Back at the research institute, Jack carried Roxanne into her office.
Even though the hallway was spacious and he could've just treated Roxanne there, concerned employees would occasionally stick their noses into the situation.
Plus, he also needed a quiet environment to treat Roxanne.
At the same time, Colby returned to the hallway after sending the message only to find out Jack and Roxanne were gone “Where's Dr. Jarvis?”
Colby grabbed one of the researchers, his expression grim.
The researcher was briefly taken aback before pointing at Roxanne’s office. “I think | saw Mr. Damaris carrying her into the Office.”
A dark glint flashed across Colby’s eyes when he heard that. He then nodded at the researcher. “Thanks.” Before the researcher could respond, Colby strode toward the office.
| just took my gaze off them for one second, and Jack took that window to create an opportunity for them to be alone. Luckily, I’m confident in my skill. I'm sure there’s no way Jack can easily succeed in treating Roxanne. If Jack wants to use this chance to please Roxanne, he’s basically dreaming.
With that in mind, Colby slowed down his pace.
He took his time walking over to Roxanne’s office. After putting on a worried look, he knocked on the door. Jack was in the midst of examining Roxanne’s condition when he heard knocking on the office door. Subsequently, Colby entered the room with a look of concern.
“Mr. Damaris, how’s Dr. Jarvis? I’ve already contacted the hospital. We can head over there any time.” Jack merely cast a glance at him. “Please open all the windows.”
Roxanne needed someone by her side at that moment. Hence, even though Jack knew the room needed to be ventilated, he couldn’t step away from her. Colby’s arrival was just in time.
A flicker of anger rose within Colby at the proximity between Jack and Roxanne coupled with Jack’s commanding tone.
He was about to lose his temper but soon kept himself in check, for he was confident Jack wouldn't be able to treat Roxanne no matter how hard he tried.
When the wrath within Colby ebbed away, he cooperatively opened all the windows before approaching Jack and Roxanne. “Mr. Damaris, did you bring Dr. Jarvis back to her office because you came up with a way to treat her?” Jack furrowed his eyebrows at the question. “Not yet. | can only try”
Colby curled the corners of his lips into a discreet smile before asking with concern, “Oh, what's wrong with Dr. Jarvis then? Do you know what poisoned her? Both of you worked together on the experiment for the past two days | thought it should be safe?”
He sounded as if he had absolutely nothing to do with it Jack had his suspicions about Colby involvement, but he was busy checking in on Roxanne’s condition at the moment that he didn’t have time to think
Hearing Colby’s question, Jack merely replied concisely, “Gas poisoning. Her lungs can’t expel the poisonous. gas lingering within, and now the poison had seeped into her blood. It has to be dealt with immediately.”
When he finished, he urgently demanded, “Prepare my acupuncture tools. I’m going to treat her this instant!”
Colby heeded his words and turned around, putting on an act of searching for Jack’s acupuncture tools in the office. Jack’s tone sounded as if he was confident in treating Roxanne.
Colby would never let that happen, though.
His intention was to have one of them step away from their research momentarily to create distance between them. Won't my plan backfire if Jack manages to treat Roxanne?
Colby knew he couldn’t say much under those circumstances and merely complied with Jack’s demands.
The best-case scenario will be delaying the treatment until Lucian gets here and letting the two fight. 
###Chapter 1166
Chapter 1166
“Mr.Damaris, why don’t we take Dr.Jarvis to the hospital?”
After finding the acupuncture tools, Colby was still trying to stall time.He held onto the medical kit, refusing to pass it to Jack.
Jack got anxious and reached for the medical kit, but Colby dodged his hand. Colby urged Jack earnestly, “Dr.Jarvis is ina precarious condition. You said it yourself that you could only try.With her current condition, | don’t think you have the option to fail.”
With that, he faked concern and added, “Moreover, you were right next to the flask, too.I’m sure you've inhaled some of the poisonous gas as well.| doubt you don’t feel any discomfort.”
Jack frowned deeply at Colby’s comment.
lam indeed feeling slightly dizzy, but | don’t think that'll affect my treatment of Roxanne.
In the meantime, Colby continued prattling on, “Even if you're fine, you can’t guarantee you'll be able to treat Dr.Jarvis successfully, not to mention now that
you're not feeling well.I’ve already contacted the hospital, and they’re ready for us any time.”
Jack looked at the unconscious Roxanne and turned to regard Colby with a grave expression.
“What are you playing at, Dr.Galloway?”
Colby’s heart skipped a beat when he heard Jack’s question.
Steeling himself, he countered, “I don’t understand what you mean, Mr.Damaris.I’m just worried for Dr.Jarvis.”
“Then give me the medical kit!” Jack hissed.
Atroubled expression marred Colby’s countenance.
“Mr.Damaris, | mean it.With Dr.Jarvis’ current condition, it's best to take her to the hospital—”
“Do you think I’m not as good as those doctors in the hospital?” Jack questioned coldly.
Colby fell silent at his sharp remark.
A few seconds later, he begrudgingly handed over the medical kit.
“I'll be standing here, watching you.| want to help in case anything happens.” Jack shot him a glare.
“There’s no need.Give me the medical kit, and you can leave!”
Judging from how Colby acted earlier, he didn’t think Colby was genuinely concerned about Roxanne’s condition.
However, the latter turned a deaf car to his command and remained at their side even until Jack had finished sterilizing the needles.
Jack coldly ordered, “I have to take off Ms.Jarvis’ clothes when | treat her later, so I'll have to ask you to leave.”
Shock filled Colby’s eyes.
“| think Dr.Jarvis won't appreciate being undressed by any man when she’s unconscious.| hope you can respect her.” Jack’s eyebrows pinched together into a frown.
“I'm only doing it to perform acupuncture on her! Why are you standing here? If you truly respect her, you should've left when | asked you to!”
The two were in a stalemate for a few seconds before Jack proceeded to unbutton Roxanne’s clothes.
“Stop!”
Colby could no longer keep the lid on his anger.| didn’t plan all this to let Jack take advantage of Roxanne like this! “F*ck off!”
Jack snapped as he flung Colby’s hand away.
“We can’t afford to delay treatment with Ms.Jarvis’ condition.Do you want her to sink into a coma?”
Hearing that, Colby gritted his teeth and retracted his hand.
All he wanted was for Roxanne to fall sick.
Roxanne falling into a coma wasn’t something he wanted to witness.
Moreover, he would be too suspicious if he continued to hinder Jack from treating Roxanne.
At that thought, Colby took a step back while wearing a dark expression before glancing at the time.
It had been nearly twenty minutes since he sent Lucian that message.
Where is he? Why isn’t he here yet? 
###Chapter 1167
Chapter 1167
“Please excuse me,” Jack said to the unconscious Roxanne before carefully reaching out to undo her button.
Colby was grimacing as he watched Jack’s actions.
Right as Jack undid Roxanne’s first button, a series of rapid footsteps rang out from outside the office.
Colby’s eyes lit up, but he quickly suppressed his excitement and looked at the door in faked confusion.
On the other hand, Jack was too focused on treating Roxanne, so he did not hear the sounds at all.
For ventilation purposes, the door to the office was wide open.
The very second Lucian stepped into the office, he saw what Jack was doing. “What are you doing?” Lucian already disliked Jack because of the latter’s relationship with Roxanne.
Thus, he turned livid when he was greeted by the sight of Jack trying to take advantage of Roxanne while she was unconscious, and he dashed over right
away. Before Jack could react, he was punched in the face and stumbled a few steps back before finally regaining his balance.
“What are you trying to do to Roxanne while she’s unconscious, Jack Damaris? I'm warning you now; you better stay away from her! She's mine!”
Lucian then pulled the unconscious Roxanne into his arms and glared at Jack viciously.
Jack had inhaled toxic gas, so he was weaker than Lucian.
After getting punched, he took a whole minute to recollect himself and instinctively attempt to retaliate.
Nevertheless, when he registered who had arrived, he tamped down his fury and licked the corner of his scraped lips.
“Ms.Jarvis has been poisoned.I’m afraid her life is in danger.| have to take off her shirt to perform acupuncture on her,” he said in a low voice.
When Lucian heard that, his eyes darkened, and he lowered his gaze to look at the woman in his arms.
Earlier, when he received Colby’s message, he was only informed about Roxanne’s unconscious state from getting poisoned.
There was no mention of her life being in danger.
Even though he had made all the preparations for the worst-case scenario and had ordered the best hospital in the city to go on standby, he still couldn’t help panicking when he heard the news.
If anything happens to Roxanne...
Jack lifted his hand to touch his injured cheek before walking back to Roxanne, intending to pick up where he left off.
If Lucian had attacked him at a different time and place, Jack certainly would have returned the blow mercilessly.
However, Roxanne’s life was on the line, so Jack did not have time to settle the score with Lucian.
“Get lost!”
Yet, before he could even touch the woman, Lucian carried her in his arms and strode to the doorway.
Jack froze.
Once he realized what Lucian was trying to do, he hastily ran after him. “Lucian, Ms.Jarvis’ situation is urgent! We can’t waste any time at all! | might be able to treat her with the time you use to send her to the hospital!”
Lucian ignored him and continued walking toward the entrance of the research institute.
At that, Jack snapped his brows together and turned to shoot a glare at Colby, who was still standing in the office, before following Lucian.
An ambulance was already waiting at the entrance of the research institute, and a doctor and two nurses were waiting for Lucian’s orders.
The moment they saw Lucian stepping out of the building with Roxanne in his arms, they rushed over with a stretcher and swiftly placed Roxanne on it before carrying her into the ambulance.
By the time Jack came rushing out, the ambulance had already left.
Lucian was left standing at the entrance while wearing a grim look on his face and was about to get into his own car. 
###Chapter 1168
Chapter 1168
Jack scanned the surroundings and saw no sign of Roxanne anywhere. Hastily, he walked over to stop Lucian, who was about to leave.
“Where's Ms.Jarvis?”
Lucian could not believe that the other man still had the audacity to come after him.He paused in his tracks and shot an icy glare at Jack.
“That’s none of your business.Stay in your lane.I'll take care of my woman.” “Lucian Farwell!”
Jack found the man before him absolutely unreasonable.
“Do you know what situation Ms.Jarvis is in? She might die any time! It’s fine if you don’t want me to treat her, but you should have at least let me go with her!” I can still give Roxanne emergency treatment if anything happens to her on the way to the hospital.
As soon as he finished his sentence, he noticed the anger written all over Lucian’s face.
“| told you this is none of your business! In fact, I’d like to ask you why you’re so worried about my woman!” Jack frowned.
“Have you been coveting her?” Lucian snapped.
“Roxanne has explained to me that she bears no romantic feelings toward you.She only sees you as a business partner.Mr.Damaris, it’s best if you stop acting on those feelings of yours!”
With that, Lucian glanced at the hand on his arm and snarled, “Let go!”
Jack ignored his warning and insisted, “I'll go with you to see her!”
Jack’s insistence made Lucian’s temper flare, and in the next second, Lucian raised his fist to punch the other man.
Jack groaned in pain when he was hit in the stomach.
Instinctively, he let go of Lucian and clutched his stomach.
“Stay away from her! If you keep pestering her, then I'll have to start wondering if you were why she was poisoned,”
Lucian hissed as he fixed his gaze on Jack, his expression grim.
Hearing that, Jack endured the intense pain in his stomach and gritted out, “Don’t make baseless accusations! If | did that to her, then why would | bother trying to save her? I’m just worried about Ms.Jarvis!”
By then, Lucian was already in the car.
Without sparing Jack a glance, he answered, “I’ve already gotten the best doctor to be on standby, and I’ve made arrangements for her to be treated with the best equipment.There’s no way you can cure her if those can’t.”
With that said, he started the car and drove toward the hospital.I’ve wasted too much time with Jack.| wonder how Roxanne is now.
Meanwhile, anger thrummed in Jack’s veins as he thought about the two punches he had to endure while watching Lucian drive off.
T hope Lucian will be plagued by regret for the rest of his life if anything happens to Roxanne.
As for how he punched me twice...
One day, I’ll make him pay twice the price! “Mr.Damaris.”
Just as Jack was stewing in his anger, Colby ambled out of the research institute and pretentiously looked around.
“Why are you alone? Where are Dr.Jarvis and Mr.Farwell? How is Dr.Jarvis now?”
“Shut up!”
Jack was already filled with fury, and Colby’s words only served to add fuel to the fire.
Alook of annoyance crept onto Jack’s face.
Colby froze before tentatively asking, “Is Dr.Jarvis...”
Before he could finish his sentence, Jack interrupted him, “Colby, why did the experiment go wrong? What exactly happened?”
At that, Colby tensed, and the hair on the back of his neck stood on end. Jack’s tone sounded as if he already knew Colby was the one who had tampered with the experiment. 
###Chapter 1169
Chapter 1169
Chapter 1169 No.
That’s not possible.
Jack wasn’t around when | did it.
Moreover, Roxanne’s unconscious right now, so I’m the only one with the right to check the surveillance cameras of the lab.
No one will be able to check the footage without my permission.
Even tf Jack is suspicious about my involvement, there’s nothing he can do tf I deny everything.
With that thought in mind, Colby relaxed.
“Weren't you the one who has been working on the experiment with Dr.Jarvis lately? | wasn’t sure about your experiment’s details, and that’s why | didn’t dare to open the bottle right away—that’s why | asked you guys to take a look at it.” In other words, he was implying that he had stayed away from the lab countertop to ensure that the experiment would go smoothly without his presence.
After hearing his explanation, Jack looked at him skeptically before saying, “Dr.Galloway, don’t you think it’s such a coincidence? Why did something
happen precisely when | wasn’t around?”
Colby shrugged, his expression remaining unchanged.
“lm not sure either.”
Then, he shifted the topic and said, “What’s most important now is Dr.Jarvis’ condition.| wonder how she is right now.Where did Mr.Farwell take her to? Can we visit her?”
The mention of Lucian caused a dark look to descend upon Jack's face again. “Why did Lucian find out about Ms.Jarvis’ poisoning?”
Colby suffened, but he soon uttered in a confident tone, “Dr.Jarvis seems to be in a good relationship with Mr.Farwell, who's in charge of the powerful Farwell Group of Horington.Of course I’m going to look for Mr.Farwell after what happened to Dr.Jarvis.i was hoping he could provide her with the best medical resources.”
The grim look on Jack's face turned even more intense.
“Dr.Galloway, have you forgotten that the Damaris family is more well-known in the medical industry?”
Colby retorted calmly, “I did, but you didn’t seem like you were going to send her to the hospital, and | couldn’t convince you otherwise.So, | had no choice but to look for Mr.Farwell.”
Jack glared at him for a few more seconds before uttering, “I hope that really was what happened.”
With that, Jack strode toward his car.Colby’s voice sounded out behind him. “Mr.Damaris, when will we continue with our research?”
As if he did not hear Colby, Jack closed his car door and drove away from the research institute.
Jack had a sneaking suspicion that Colby was involved in both the poisoning incident and the fire at the research institute.
However, for now, he neither had the evidence to prove that nor did he have the time to look into the matter.
Although Colby was acting suspicious, there was one thing he had gotten right —what was most important at that moment was Roxanne’s condition.
Where did Lucian take her to? Delight danced in Colby’s eyes as he watched Jack’s car head down the road.
He's finally gone! For the past few days, Colby would feel annoyed every time he saw Jack’s luxury car parked by the research institute’s entrance.He did not want to see Jack around at all.
Even though Roxanne never really paid him any heed in the past, he had been the only one by her side in the research institute.
Hence, Colby could lic to himself by thinking that he sull had a chance with her. Yet, ever since Jack got into the picture, Jack had taken over Colby’s position and diminished the last flicker of hope within him.
At present, Colby finally got rid of Jack.
In fact, it seemed like his efforts had not gone to waste —he had succeeded in pitting Lucian against Jack.
If everything went as he planned, he could stand on the sidelines and watch the drama unfold.
While Lucian and Jack were busy fighting against each other, he would choose the right time to appear by Roxanne’s side.
Colby refused to believe that Roxanne would still turn a blind eye to him by then. 
###Chapter 1170
Chapter 1170
Right as Lucian arrived at the hospital, the hospital director came over to greet him.
“Mr.Farwell” The look of anger remained on Lucian’s face.
“How is she?”
“She’s in the emergency room.The doctors you hired are all inside as well,” said the director with a meek smile as he trailed behind Lucian.
Soon, |.ucian came to a stop outside the emergency room as the medical staff gathered around him.
The sign outside the emergency room was still lit, and no one knew what was. going on inside.
“What did the specialists say when the ambulance reached?”
Lucian asked in a low voice.
At that, the director sneaked a glance at Lucian”s expression before frowning, troubled.
“Speak!”
Lucian whipped his head toward the director and glared at him.
It was only then the director shakily said, “The specialists said that...Ms.Jarvis is in a bad state. They can only do their best to save her, but they can’t guarantee that they'll be able to succeed...”
Roxanne had made a name for herself in Horington’s medical field because of the previous news.
Everyone was impressed by Roxanne, who was a rare sight in the medical field. Thus, the director recognized her as soon as she was brought into the hospital. After explaining the situation to Lucian, the director quickly added, “Please don’t worry.We’ve changed the equipment in the emergency room to the top ones.As long as the specialists do their best, nothing will go wrong.”
Lucian knitted his brows.
Even though he had already found out about Roxanne’s situation from Jack, his heart still plummeted when he heard that even the specialists could not guarantee her safety.
“Mr.Farwell, Ms.Jarvis is a good person, and nothing will happen to good people,” the director reassured, trying his best to cheer Lucian up.
However, Lucian only found him annoying and snapped, “You can leave now.I'll wait for her here by myself”
Hearing that, the director clamped his mouth shut and sheepishly nodded. “Please let me know if you need anything.”
Then, he left the corridor with the group of doctors and nurses.
Silence descended over the area.
Lucian lifted his head to stare at the lit-up sign, feeling unusually frustrated. Ever since Roxanne came back to the country, she immersed herself in various research.
| wonder if she ever expected a day like this where she would end up on the verge of death because of what she’s passionate about.
If she comes out of this safe and sound...
Lucian’s eyes darkened.
If Roxanne comes out of this safe and sound, and if she gets back together with me, | won't let her work herself to death anymore.
Alas, those were merely things he hoped would happen.
Lucian tore his eyes away from the sign and sat down on the bench with a grimace.
He then decided to stare at the door of the emergency room instead.
It has only been ten minutes since she went in.| can wait.
Maybe those specialists have found a way to save her, Lucian reassured himself in his mind.
Nonetheless, another wave of frustration hit him.
What's going on with me? She won’t come back to me anymore, so why should | get so anxious for her? Even if things do go wrong...
Lucian gritted his teeth, struggling.
So what if things do go wrong for her today? I’ve already found the best doctors and prepped the best medical equipment for her.
I've been benevolent enough to do all that for her, so why am | sitting here, waiting for her now? With that thought in mind, Lucian moved to rise to his feet. However, when he looked at the closed doors, he could not lift his legs as if they were weighed down by lead. 
###Chapter 1171
Chapter 1171
The seconds continued to tick by, but the doors to the emergency room remained shut.
Lucian’s heart grew increasingly heavy as he waited in the silent corridor outside.
There are at least five specialists in there! What ts taking them so long? How ts Roxanne doing? Maybe | should just open the doors and go check on her! No, | cant do that! | need to be rational here.
Stay calm, Lucian...
Having dismissed that thought, Lucian slumped weakly against the bench in the corridor.
It's just like what the director said.
Roxanne ts a doctor who has saved countless lives in the past.
She is kind, so I’m sure shell be all right.
For the sake of the two kids, she will definitely do whatever it takes to make it through! He was snapped out of his train of thought when his phone started
ringing all of a sudden.
Thinking that it could be something important, Lucian quickly whipped his phone out of his pocket.
However, his face sank when he saw Aubree’s name on the caller ID, and he declined the call without any hesitation whatsoever.
He was about to put his phone away when he noticed the time and realized it was already evening.
Oh, the kids are about to get off school...
lle massaged his aching forehead as he glanced at the doors to the emergency room, which were still tightly shut, and tried to calm himself down.
After taking a moment to regain his composure, Lucian dialed Cayden’s number. The call got through after just a few rings.
“How may | help you, Mr.Farwell?” Cayden asked anxiously.
He was the one who told Lucian about Roxanne’s poisoning, and Lucian had been gone for quite a long time ever since.
As such, it was only natural for Cayden to assume that something bad had happened to Roxanne.
Lucian sounded exhausted as he said, “I need you to go pick up Archie and Benny from the kindergarten.”
Cayden felt his heart sink as he figured he was probably right about his assumptions.
Realizing something bad must have happened, he heeded his employer’s order and said cautiously, “Understood.Where will | send them after picking them up, Mr.Farwell?”
Those two are still so young.! can’t just take them to their unconscious mother, can I? Their little hearts won’t be able to handle such shocking news!
“| want you to send them home,” Lucian replied after giving it some thought. “What if they ask about Ms.Jarvis? What will | tell them?”
Cayden asked worriedly, distressed for the two young boys.
As Lucian hadn’t taken that into consideration, he couldn't seem to come up with an answer.
| have no idea when Roxanne would recover and be able to go home.
Also, there’s no telling if she'll...
Well, | can’t know for sure if she’ll even make it out of the emergency room alive. Cayden was losing his mind from anxiety induced by the prolonged silence on the other end of the phone.
After what seemed like forever, Lucian said, “Do as you see fit.”
He then hung up the phone before Cayden could ask any further questions. Cayden fell speechless and stared blankly at the screen of his phone.
Do as | see fit? How would | know what to tell them if | don’t have any information on Ms.
Jarvis’ condition? Archie and Benny and incredibly smart, so | don’t think I'll be able to lie to them, but | can’t bring myself to tell them that Ms.
Jarvis’ life is in danger either...
Cayden found himself in a dilemma all of a sudden.
Since class would soon be over, Cayden had no choice but to suppress his feelings and steel himself while heading over to the kindergarten. 
###Chapter 1172
Chapter 1172
As Cayden was all too familiar with the path from Farwell Group to the kindergarten, he was able to get there fairly quickly.
However, the mere thought of having to face Archie and Benny’s questioning later caused him to subconsciously slow down a little.
Most of the kids had already gone home by the time Cayden arrived at the kindergarten.
Pippa was the only one waiting at the front gate with Archie and Benny. Enter title...
Cayden was hesitant to get out of the car at first as he was unsure of how he would face Archie and Benny.
However, his heart ached when he saw how lonely Archie and Benny looked, and he quickly got out of the car without delay.
“Mr.Lawson?”
Archie and Benny were expecting Roxanne to pick them up, so they couldn’t
help but find it strange when they saw Cayden coming over.
Cayden nodded awkwardly at them and quickly averted his cazve “Are you here to take care of Essie’s transfer procedures? Is she coming back?” Benny asked softly before the man could even say anything.
That was the only possibility they could come up with at the time.
As Cayden was not expecting them to bring that up, he froze in surprise when he heard that.
Even Pippa’s expression changed when she saw his reaction.
“Is that true? I'll take you to Mr.Bauer right away!”
Cayden flashed her an awkward smile as he explained, “Oh, I’m afraid you have the wrong idea.| only came here today to pick Archie and Benny up from school” Pippa, Archie, and Benny had confusion written all over their faces.
Ms.Jarvis would usually send Lysa or Madilyn over to pick the kids up if she happened to be unavailable.
She had never sent Mr.Lawson over.
It would make sense if he were here to pick Archie and Benny up along with Essie, but she’s not attending school here anymore.It’s strange that he’s actually here just for them...
Archie and Benny were a little disappointed when they heard that he wasn’t here to take care of Fstella’s transfer procedures.
It pained Cayden deeply to see how depressed the two boys looked.
This really isn’t a good day for Archie and Benny...
Although Pippa knew who Cayden was, she decided to err on the side of caution and asked, “Mr.Lawson, may lask why you came here specifically to pick Archie and Benny up today?”
Cayden hesitated for a bit before coming up with a weak excuse.
“Ms.Jarvis and Mr.Farwell have some business to take care of, so Mr.Farwell sent me to pick them up.”
While it did not exactly sound very convincing, it was still a valid excuse.
Pippa lowered her gaze and stared at Archie and Benny to seek their opinion on the situation.
The two boys exchanged glances as they pondered about it.
Ms.Ward has no idea how things are between Mommy and Daddy, but we know it all too well.
Things are really tense between them right now, so theres no way they take care of business together! With a look of suspicion in his eyes, Archie said, “Ms.Ward, we would like to give our mommy a call.”
Pippa nodded as she dialed Roxanne’s number and handed them the phone. Cayden felt incredibly anxious when he saw the expectant looks on their faces. Ms.Jarvis is still unconscious, so there’s no way shed be able to answer their call! Sure enough, the line went dead after a while due to no one answering the phone.
Upon noticing their concerned expressions, Cayden bit the bullet and said, “Ms.Jarvis is probably too busy to answer the phone right now.”
Pippa shifted her gaze between Cayden and the boys as she asked, “Archie, Benny, do you two want to go with Mr.Lawson?”
Archie and Benny stared at Cayden for a few seconds before nodding silently in response. 
###Chapter 1173
Chapter 1173
Cayden was still feeling uneasy even after he had successfully picked Archie and Benny up from the kindergarten.
For some reason, he felt as though he could see Lucian’s shadow in their eyes when they were staring at him earlier.
There’s no mistaking that suspicious look in their eyes.
They definitely think I’m hiding something! Sure enough, Archie asked the moment he got into the car, “Mr.Lawson, is our mommy really with Mr.Farwell right now?”
Unsure of what to say, Cayden pretended to not hear the boy’s question and continued driving toward Roxanne’s house.
“Mr.Lawson, are you hiding something from us?”
Benny started questioning him as well.
Since they were unable to get any answers out of him, they began coming up with their own theories in the back seat.
Fearing that they would end up hitting the nail on the head, Cayden said, “Why
would | lie to you two? Mr.Farwell gave Ms.Jarvis a batch of medicinal herbs for her research, so she’s working overtime to take inventory.
| think Mr.Farwell has something to discuss with her.
That’s probably why he sent me to pick you two up instead.”
Archie and Benny exchanged uncertain glances when they heard that.
While they did find Cayden’s behavior somewhat strange, his explanation was rather believable.
At the very least, it was something they actually wanted to see, so Archie and Benny decided to believe in Cayden for the time being.
Even so, they still couldn’t shake the feeling of uneasiness in their gut.
“And here we thought something terrible had happened to Mommy!”
Cayden’s heart skipped a beat as he let out a forced chuckle.
“No way! Ms.Jarvis has been conducting research for so many years now! You two should have more faith in her!”
Archie and Benny simply pursed their lips and smiled at him in response. Neither of them asked any further questions on the way home.
Cayden was about to breathe a sigh of relief when Benny asked all of a sudden, “By the way, Mr.Lawson, when will Mommy be coming back?”
That question caught him completely off guard and caused him to break out ina cold sweat.
“W-Well, I’m not too sure about that.We might need to wait until she and Mr.Farwell are done with their discussion.”
Fearing that they would bombard him with even more questions, Cayden added, “Now, go on inside and wait.I’m sure Ms.Jarvis will try to come back as soon as possible once she knows you two are home safe.”
With that statement, he was trying to convince the kids and at the same time encourage Roxanne, who was currently fighting for dear life.
Cayden had no idea how Roxanne was doing at the hospital, but he believed that she would not abandon her lovely and adorable sons.
Archie and Benny nodded obediently and waved goodbye at him.
Cayden’s face clouded over the moment he turned his back on them and returned to the car.
Archie and Benny waited until his car had disappeared from sight before entering the mansion.
“Archie, do you think Mr.Lawson was telling the truth?” Benny asked curiously. Archie shook his head and replied with a tense expression, “I don’t know.” Benny clutched his chest and said, “It feels uncomfortable over here...”
There was a worried look in Archie’s eyes when he saw his brother clutching his chest.
He, too, had felt his heart racing ever since school was over, but he didn’t know why.
That was when he recalled a theory he had read about the bond between mothers and their children.
Oh, no...
Did something bad happen to Mommy? If that’s the case, why would Mr.Lawson keep it from us? Hold on...
If Mr.Lawson came to pick us up from school, then Daddy must be with Mommy! Yeah, I’m sure Daddy will take good care of Mommy! 
###Chapter 1174
Chapter 1174
Meanwhile, Estella had a gloomy look on her face as she sat in Aubree’s car. “Essie, your father wanted me to pick you up because he’s busy with something,” Aubree explained patiently.
She tried calling Lucian earlier, but she wasn’t able to get through because he declined her call.
That led Aubree to assume that Lucian would never let her near Estella ever again.
Right as she was racking her brain to come up with another solution, Lucian called her back and asked if she could pick Estella up from school.
Naturally, Aubree was overjoyed when she heard that and drove straight to Estella’s school.
Estella’s smile faded the moment she saw Aubree show up at the front gate.
Lucian had been the one driving her to and from school ever since that incident. She only reluctantly agreed to accept the new kindergarten because Roxanne had promised to visit her every now and then.However, a few days had passed, and she had yet to see Roxanne at all.
As if that wasn’t bad enough, even Lucian did not come to pick her up that day. “What would you like to eat, Essie? | don’t think your daddy is coming home for dinner tonight, so I'll take you out to dinner instead.”
Aubree was doing everything she could to win Estella over, but Estella simply pursed her lips and stared out the window, ignoring the woman’s words.
Even so, Aubree didn’t give up and tried again, “How about | bring you shopping for a new toy? | saw a store selling really pretty dolls!”
When she glanced at Estella through the rear- view mirror and saw that Estella wasn’t even looking at her, she lost it.
Lucian has been really cold to me lately, and now, his daughter is ignoring me completely.
Is it because that b*tch has been visiting them? As Aubree happened to be stuck in a traffic jam, she decided to vent her anger and frustration by honking at the cars in front.
Frightened by the sudden, loud honking, Estella turned around and curled up in a corner fearfully.
There was a hint of glee in Aubree’s eyes when she saw Estella’s reaction.
Ha! | knew it! This little brat just needs a little bit of punishment! Estella was starting to get scared when she sensed the change in Aubree’s attitude.
“| want Daddy!”
Aubree frowned when she heard that.
She was about to scold Estella for being troublesome, but on second thought, she realized she had been presented with an opportunity to talk to Lucian.
With that in mind, Aubree flashed the little girl a smile and asked, “Do you miss your daddy, Essie? Why didn’t you say so?”
She then pulled out her phone and gave Lucian a call while Estella watched on nervously.
| want to speak to Daddy, but she’s holding the phone so far away from me.
| don’t know what | can tell Daddy! This time, Lucian answered the phone rather quickly.
Aubree’s eyes lit up when she saw how quickly the call got through.
However, the smile on her face was frozen in place when Lucian said, “Essie?” She shot Estella a discreet glare through the rear-view mirror before saying ina sweet voice, “Essie says she misses you, Lucian.” 
###Chapter 1175
Chapter 1175
However, an inexplicable sense of unease swamped Estella.
She felt so aggrieved that her eyes turned red-rimmed.
“No, | want you, Daddy!” Perturbed, Lucian massaged his temples and tried to console his daughter by saying patiently, “Essie...
I'll be home very soon.” Unexpectedly, Estella suddenly demanded, “I want Ms. Jarvis!” At the mention of Roxanne, Lucian’s heart promptly sank.
Is this a coincidence? Why did she bring it up today, of all days, when she’s been waiting for Roxanne for days on end? “Be good, Essie.
Your daddy is busy with work.
I'll take good care of you.” Hastily cutting Estella off, Aubree brought the phone to her ear, afraid that Estella would burst into tears if she continued with the conversation.
If that happened, she would really have no way of explaining things to Lucian. “Go and get busy, Lucian.
Don’t worry, for I'll get Essie home safely!” Naturally, Lucian could hear the agitation in Estella’s voice.
But in comparison with Roxanne’s current condition, he hadn’t the time to attend to his daughter.
Thus, he merely went silent for a few seconds following Aubree’s promise before acquiescing tersely.
After hanging up the phone, Aubree glanced at the rearview mirror.
Phew! Fortunately, she’s merely tearing up and hasn’t yet started crying.
| suppose Lucian didnt notice anything amiss.
“Essie, Ms. Jarvis already has her own kids, so you can’t cling to her so much. Besides, she often fights with your daddy.
You should be siding with your daddy.” She attempted to mislead Estella into staying away from Roxanne.
Estella, who was already in a bad mood that day, snorted angrily upon hearing disparaging remarks about Roxanne from Aubree.
Crossing her arms, she said nothing.
The little girl's attitude caused Aubree to grit her teeth in vexation and forced herself to suppress the wrath within her.
At the hospital, time continued ticking by.
It was already seven o’clock at night, and four to five hours had passed since Roxanne was wheeled into the emergency room.
Lucian had taken a seat after standing for a long time, and right then, he was again standing in front of the emergency room doors with a grim expression, waiting impatiently.
What exactly is going on in there? It’s been so long! “Mr. Farwell, you haven’t eaten, have you? Why don’t we go and grab a bite together? I'll have someone keep an eye on things here.
If there’s any news, you'll be notified at once.” Meanwhile, the director of the hospital, Zayne Yaleman, was still persistently trying to ingratiate himself with Lucian.
As he spoke, he cautiously lifted his eyes and peeked at the man before him. Lucian whirled around, his eyes blazing scarlet.
“Buzz off!” The temperature around him was frightfully low.
Shuddering instinctively, Zayne nodded fervently.
“Sure! I’m going to buzz off right now.
I'm leaving.” Having said that, he spun on his heel and hurried away.
Lucian turned back around and stared intently at the emergency room doors as though he wanted to bore a hole in them.
At that precise moment, the red light above the emergency room finally went out. The doors slowly swung open, upon which four or five doctors strode out with a few nurses.
At the sight of the medical team, Lucian immediately frowned.
| don’t see any sign of Roxanne among the crowd.
“Where is she?” His voice was seemingly squeezed out between clenched teeth.
The leading specialist hastened over and reported, “Calm down, Mr. Farwell. Dr. Jarvis’ condition has stabilized for the time being.” Turning a deaf ear to that, Lucian pressed with his eyes fixated on the man, “So, where is she?”
Seeing that he was on the brink of snapping, the specialists exchanged glances. For a moment, no one dared to say anything.
While we successfully saved the patient...
things aren’t looking so bright. 
###Chapter 1176
Chapter 1176
When Lucian received no response after waiting for a while, the fury within him abruptly burst forth. “Have the lot of you gone deaf? I’m asking you where she is!”
Biting the bullet, the leading specialist swiftly explained, “The thing is, although
Dr.Jarvis’ condition has stabilized for the time being... she’s still ina coma.After checking her out, our conclusion is that the toxicity inflicted damage on her cranial nerves.We’re not sure when she'll regain consciousness either.”
No sooner had his words fallen than a gigantic hand grabbed his collar, and he stumbled two steps forward.
Not daring to resist, the specialist could only coax, “Mr.Farwell...Mr.Farwell...Calm down...Ms.Jarvis has already been wheeled to
the ward. If you’re really worried, you can go and check on her”
Pulling the man close, Lucian eyeballed him with a piercing gaze.
“| didn’t call you here to listen to such nonsense! | want a full recovery for her! Otherwise, what’s the use of you all?”
Trepidation was written all over the specialist's face.
“| know, but Ms.Jarvis was sent to the hospital too late.If she had been brought over right after she had passed out, we could’ve undoubtedly cured her.It’s already too late to say anything now.The golden hour has passed”
“| don’t want to hear all this!” Lucian’s voice was icy without a trace of warmth.
The specialist's heart lurched, and he quickly changed his tune.
“We'll definitely do our best and figure out a way to wake Ms.Jarvis up in the shortest time possible!” After saying that, he cautiously looked at the man in front of him.
“But before we come up with a cure, we think she’s still aware of her surroundings.Perhaps talking to her can wake her up.” Lucian’s hands clenched even tighter.
Struggling to regain his composure, he released the man before him.
The specialist instantly breathed a sigh of relief.
“Where is she? I'll go and check on her” Lucian demanded curtly.
| must see her in person before | can rest easy.
Hearing that, all the specialists told him the location of Roxanne’s ward without hesitation. The entire medical team led Lucian toward Roxanne’s ward.
When they reached the elevator, they bumped into Zayne, who had been waiting there. “Mr.Farwell, I've arranged the best ward for Ms.Jarvis.I'll bring you there right away!”
Having said that, he eagerly pressed the elevator button for them.He waited until Lucian had entered before he followed posthaste.
They all stopped before a VIP ward upstairs.
With heavy steps, Lucian stepped into the ward.
Zayne and the specialists, on the other hand, tactfully waited outside the door.
When Lucian reached the internal room door within the ward, he was greeted by the sight of Roxanne unconscious on the other side through the window on the door.
Without warning, a stabbing pain pierced his heart.
As Roxanne had been given emergency treatment, she had been changed into a white and blue-striped hospital gown.Her soft and silky hair was tucked behind her ears.
From afar, she appeared to be just asleep.
Lucian stood at the door and watched for a long while before he managed to suppress the roiling emotions within him.He then entered the room.
While opening the door, he was exceedingly careful, as though fearing that he would wake the person on the bed.
Stopping at the head of the bed, he gazed down at the woman on the hospital bed. His suppressed emotions surged once more. After the torment Roxanne had been through, her face was drained of all color as she lay in bed.
On the back of her hand with the IV drip, blood vessels were distinctly visible.
It wasn’t until Lucian had personally laid eyes on her in her current state that he was snapped out of his delusions.She’s really sick, not just asleep... 
###Chapter 1177
Chapter 1177
Chapter 1177 “Roxanne.”
Lucian couldn't resist calling out to Roxanne, harboring a glimmer of hope that she would open her eyes and wake up upon hearing his voice.
Alas, there was no response from her even after his voice had rung out for a long time. Boring his gaze into her, he leaned down and drew close to the woman on the hospital bed.
If she even had a shred of awareness, she would probably struggle to regain consciousness and spring away from him the instant she saw him approaching.
But this time, she lay there motionlessly and allowed him to draw so close to her that they were merely inches apart. Still, the tempo of her breathing didn’t even change.
Only then did Lucian realize that he hadn’t studied Roxanne in such close proximity in a long time.
Her features were still exquisite, but she inexorably looked sickly.
Looking at her pale face, a flash of hesitancy flittered across his eyes
A Moment later, he slowly reached out and caressed her face with the tips of his fingers.
“Are you mad at me? The doctors had been working on you for hours, but why are you still not awake? Is it because you want to see me wallowing in regret?”
Needless to say, the woman on the bed didn’t react in the slightest.
Seeing her comatose, Lucian felt that his emotions would likely spiral out of control if he were to remain there.He forced himself to straighten up before fixing his gaze on Roxanne.
“I'll be back in a while.| hope you’re awake by the time | return.”
After saying that, he spun around with a hardened heart and left.
Verily, he couldn’t stay in the hospital room anymore.
Otherwise, he himself couldn't tell what he might do.
Having seen Roxanne’s current condition, he felt somewhat relieved.
Although he was still enraged, he no longer wore his emotions on his sleeve. Instead, he calmly walked into Zayne’s office.
“Mr.Farwell!”
Right then, Zayne and the few specialists were discussing Roxanne’s condition. Following Lucian’s entry, they all shot to their feet and greeted him.
In turn, Lucian inclined his head expressionlessly. “How are things going? How exactly is she doing now? And how long will it take for her to wake up?”
The few medical personnel looked at each other.
“Uh...The specialists had stated earlier that Ms.Jarvis’ life isn’t in danger at present.She’s just in a coma”
Zayne answered timidly.
Judging from his tone, he seemed to be implying that being in a coma was a positive result. Lucian’s gaze promptly turned cold, and he glared at the man in chagrin.
Zayne hastily went silent before gingerly trying to make amends.
“Mr.Farwell, Ms.Jarvis’ current condition is already the result of the specialists working on her.If you hadn’t summoned these specialists over in advance, she might have very well...” Ifit weren’t for these specialists on standby, she might have very well died!
“| don’t want to hear that.”
Lucian’s gaze fell on the few specialists.
“Have you all come up with a method to wake her?” Compared to his threat earlier, his tone was much better then. Unfortunately, they were still helpless about the matter.
“According to our findings, the substance that poisoned Ms.Jarvis is an exceedingly rare gas.Generally speaking, only major research institutes have the capability of producing such a gas.But then, researchers are also aware of the toxicity of the gas and will take protective measures when conducting experiments. This is our first time encountering a condition like hers, so we have to be extra careful in treating her,” the leading specialist explained patiently. 
###Chapter 1178
Chapter 1178
Chapter 1178 “What about traditional medicine, then? Can she be awakened with traditional medicine?” Lucian asked all of a sudden. The few specialists exchanged a glance.
“We did consider that, but we imagined that the efficacy would be negligible.On top of that, you and Ms.Jarvis would have to bear some risks since the toxins had already infiltrated her cranial nerves.”
As Roxanne’s condition had already progressed to such a point, the issue of her regaining consciousness took precedence.Then, they could continue with the next treatment.
Even if the best traditional medicine practitioner were to come over, he or she might not be able to accomplish that feat.
What was more, Roxanne’s cranial nerves had already been affected by the toxins.
If it were them, they wouldn’t dare simply take the risk to perform acupuncture on the head.
It went without saying that Lucian wouldn't risk Roxanne’s life either.
Furthermore.he was.in all honesty, reluctant to use the methods of traditional medicine.
If he were to invite a traditional medicine practitioner over, the best within the country presently would be none other than Jack. Unless Roxanne’s life was in danger, he would never consider allowing the two of them to have any contact.
Upon hearing that it would be risky, he resolutely dismissed that notion.He then pinned a dark look on the few specialists, the threat in his voice blatant.
“No matter what method you use, she must wake up.If that doesn’t happen, don’t ever dream of working in the medical field anymore!”
He had always been a person who kept his word.
At his threat, the few specialists hurriedly murmured an acknowledgment.
All the while, they inwardly lamented miserably.
It's not that we don’t want to cure her, but she had inhaled too much poisonous gas and wasn’t sent to the hospital on time... However, in the face of the man’s threat, they had no choice but to go all out to figure out a solution.
As they were racking their brain for a way to wake Roxanne, a series of knocks sounded on the office door without warning. It was the nurse who assisted in the operating room earlier.She was also the person in charge of taking care of Roxanne.
“I'm not sure what happened just now, but there are fluctuations in the patient's brain waves!” The nurse sprinted all the way there, so she was still panting slightly when she spoke.
At her exclamation, everyone in the office was shocked.
During the emergency treatment, Roxanne’s brain waves remained static.
Regardless of whatever they did, there hadn't been any fluctuation.
Yet, her brain waves had fluctuated earlier.
They all felt it must have been when Lucian was in the hospital room.
“What did you do just now, Mr.Farwell?” someone questioned in surprise.
In a daze, Lucian cast his mind back to when he was in the hospital room.
“| merely...said a few words to her.”
Other than that, | can’t think of having done anything special.
Or is Roxanne so determined to avoid me that shed still have a reaction to my approach even while unconscious? At his reply, the few specialists looked at each other once more.
Along while passed before one of them admitted, “If someone important to her were to talk to her, there is indeed a possibility of her waking up.”
Subsequently, Zayne tentatively proposed, “Why don’t you give it another try, Mr.Farwell?”
Lucian was skeptical.
“Will it really work?”
“You'll know after trying.We can observe Ms.Jarvis’ brain waves at all times. If there’s fluctuation, it'll prove that it’s indeed effective!” a specialist replied.
However, Lucian was still a touch hesitant.
Someone important to her...
Am | considered someone important to her? She wants nothing to do with me! While he was wavering, the specialist's reminder again firmed his resolve.
“Time is running out, Mr.Farwell.The longer Ms.Jarvis remains unconscious, the lower the possibility of waking her!” 
###Chapter 1179
Chapter 1179
At the specialist's remark, Lucian finally relented with a frown.
This time, two specialists accompanied him into the ward.
They monitored Roxanne’s brain waves outside, prepared to notify Lucian when there were fluctuations. Hence, Lucian stepped into the hospital room again.
On the hospital bed, Roxanne still showed no signs of waking up.
“They said you might wake up if | talk to you.”
Lucian walked over to the hospital bed with heavy steps.
After a long moment of hesitation, he reached out and took Roxanne’s hand, which lay limply by her side. For once, she didn’t resist.
Ironically, he couldn’t muster up any joy from it.
As he scrutinized her pale face, his voice lowered.
“What would you like to hear?”
As expected he received no response to that question.
Lucian chuckled bitterly.
Something abruptly occurred to him, and he started, “Seems like there are a lot of misunderstandings between us.” He pondered for a while, his gaze turning distant.
“| was sincere back when | said | wanted to pursue you. Your accusation wasn’t true.| courted you first before the issue with Herbscape Group cropped up.”
Although the person on the hospital bed might not necessarily hear him, he continued rambling, “I went to the florist in person and hand-picked the flowers | gifted you previously.I’ve never had the opportunity to ask you whether you liked them.But since you returned them all, you probably...didn’t like them, yes?”
At that, his lips twitched self-deprecatingly. “| don’t know whether you disliked the flowers or me.”
Then, he divulged, “It was the first time | ever pursued someone, so | hadn’t much experience.! asked Jonathan for advice on a lot of things.”
Recalling how Jonathan derided him, Lucian couldn’t help finding it rather ridiculous.
“He laughed at me several times because of that, but his ideas ended up
ineffectual.When you wake up, I'll definitely go to him and settle the score.”
The specialists outside wore somber expressions as they observed Roxanne’s brain waves.
It had almost been ten minutes since Lucian had gone into the room.
While there were fluctuations in Roxanne’s brain waves, they were minute.
Evidently, he hadn’t mentioned a subject she truly cared about, and the stimulation to her wasn’t great enough. They eyed one another, none having the guts to go and ask Lucian to come out.
After waiting for a while longer and seeing that Roxanne’s brain waves were close to static once more, one of the specialists mustered his courage and knocked on the door at long last.
Frowning, Lucian stopped talking.He lifted his eyes and glanced in the direction of the door.
Through the window on the door, he spotted a specialist beckoning at him warily, signaling him to exit the ward. Aglimmer of surprise flashed across his eyes, and he thought that his words earlier had worked. Consequently, his expression was expectant when he walked out of the room.
They had all gotten used to his glacial expression earlier, so panic swamped them to see some other emotion on his face. “Well? Are there fluctuations?”
Dipping his eyes, Lucian directed his gaze at the equipment on the table.
Without needing the specialists to answer him, he had already seen the results.
On the screen, the activity graph of the brain waves remained uniform.
| said so much earlier, but it all seemed to have no effect on Roxanne.
As that realization dawned upon him, the temperature around him plummeted further.
At the same time, a sense of defeat inundated him.
Oh well, it turns out that I’m nobody to her... 
###Chapter 1180
Chapter 1180
Chapter 1180 Oblivious to Lucian’s thoughts, the specialists cautiously explained the current situation to him.
“When you talked to Ms.Jarvis just now, there were fluctuations in her brain waves.However, they weren’t enough to wake her up.Greater stimulation is required.”
The instant Lucian heard that Roxanne’s brain waves fluctuated upon hearing his voice, his scrunched brows eased imperceptibly.
Aspecialist ventured, “Do you know whether there’s anything or anyone she cares about?”
In response, Lucian nodded.
Well, of all things, she’s most concerned about Archie and Benny.
Relief suffused the specialists when they saw him nod.
“In that case”
Just as they were going to suggest having the people Roxanne cared about to come and talk to her, Lucian coldly cut them off. “They're both kids, so | don’t want them to know about this matter unless absolutely necessary”
Hearing that, the specialists went silent and nodded in understanding.
It was understandable that learning about their mother in a coma would be too much for two children to bear. Alas, they couldn't think of any other way besides that.
After a moment of silent contemplation, Lucian announced, “I'll go in and try again.”
Naturally, everyone didn’t dare to that.
Whirling around, Lucian entered the hospital room with huge strides, stopping beside Roxanne once more.
“I've already had Cayden drive Archie and Benny back.They’re now waiting for you at home.How much longer are you going to make them wait?”
Outside, the few specialists were filled with shock.
They couldn’t hear what Lucian was saying to Roxanne, but the latter’s brain waves had suddenly started fluctuating violently. In a solemn voice, Lucian asserted, “You're the only parent they have.What is to become of them if you don’t wake up?” Again, Roxanne’s brain waves fluctuated markedly.
“Then, there’s Essie.”
Lucian paused briefly before continuing, “You promised her that you'd visit her again these two days.She had been waiting for you.Just earlier, she said she wanted to see you.When do you plan on keeping your promise to her?”
Despite his lengthy monologue, the woman on the bed showed no signs of waking up.His brows creased even deeper, and his gaze grew darker.He went silent for an indeterminate time before urging in a deep voice, “Hurry up and wake up.As long as you wake up, I’ll do anything. Haven't you been avoiding me? If you wake up, | promise to never again...”
A flicker of desolation glinted in his eyes as he vowed, “As long as you wake up,
| can promise to never again appear before you nor allow anyone to disrupt your life.” Outside the room, the few experts stared at the curve fluctuating incessantly on the screen.
Every so often, they stood up and peered into the room through the window on the door.But no matter how massive the fluctuations were, the patient in the room showed no signs of regaining consciousness.
Just as they were planning to go in and inform Lucian about it, the hospital room door was pushed open from the inside without warning.
Lucian stalked out, looking all grim and forbidding.
Sensing the chilliness radiating off him, everyone exchanged glances. A while ago, they were thinking of voluntarily entering the room to notify him about the situation.
Right then, however, no one dared to trigger him. “M-Mr.Farwell...”
Zayne regarded the man in front of him fearfully. “Your method isn’t at all effective!” Lucian scoffed icily.
| droned on and on, but Roxanne showed no signs of waking up.If | were to continue staying in there, even | can’t tell what I might do! 
###Chapter 1181
Chapter 1181
In the face of Lucian's accusation, everyone hastily explained, "It's effective! When you were inside just now, Ms. Jarvis’ brain waves fluctuated greatly!"
The look in Lucian's eyes was frightfully grim. "If so, why is she still not awake?"
At that question, the specialists looked at each other. "Because... the stimulation is still insufficient. You must have mentioned something she cares about earlier. We all feel that she's close to regaining consciousness."
Following that remark, Lucian's expression turned even colder.
It left them without a shadow of a doubt that the man would dismiss them if they were to tarry any longer in offering a solution. "We propose to have Ms. Jarvis’ two kids come and talk to her. Perhaps she'll then wake up."
The specialist remembered Lucian's ion a while ago, so he sounded exceedingly cautious.
Have Archie and Benny come?
A frown marred Lucian's countenance, and aggravation brimmed in his eyes.
She's now unconscious, but if she were awake, she would certainly not want the two kids to see her in such a condition. She wouldn't want to worry them. Yet, according to the specialists, that's the only way left.
"| understand your concern, Mr. Farwell. But if Ms.
Jarvis remains unconscious, the kids will learn about this matter sooner or later. The later they find out about this, the greater the fear they will experience."
Biting the bullet, the specialist insisted on having the boys come over.
Lucian's gaze darkened time and again.
Amoment later, he relented, "Got it."
"So..."
The specialists were about to speak further when the man before them abruptly pivoted and went back into the hospital room. Seeing that, they exchanged glances, entirely baffled.
Before he returned to the room, he only said “got it." What does that mean? Is he going to bring the two kids over or not?
In the hospital room, Lucian stood beside Roxanne and stated solemnly, "The doctor suggested that | bring Archie and Benny over to talk to you. You probably don't want them to know about this, right?"
After he had said that, he fixated his eyes on the woman on the hospital bed, his gaze somber. When he saw that she was still unresponsive, he finally took out his phone and gave Cayden a call. It was already late at night then.
Cayden had just finished bathing. Unfortunately, the guilt within him kept him awake.
As soon as he saw his employer's caller ID, he swiftly climbed out of bed and answered the call. "What do you need from me, Mr. Farwell?"
"Go to Roxanne's house and drive the two kids over." Lucian's voice was stained with weariness. Hearing that, Cayden was stunned. "Has Ms. Jarvis regained consciousness, Mr. Farwell?" That was the only possibility he could think of.
However, Lucian said nothing.
In no time, understanding dawned upon Cayden— Roxanne was still unconscious.
In that case, why is he having the two kids over? At the sight of their mother unconscious, they'll undoubtedly cry. In a flash, the guilt he had been trying hard to suppress surged forward again.
Since Roxanne was still unconscious, it stood to reason that Lucian must be in a foul mood.
Not daring to ask any more questions, Cayden merely murmured an acknowledgment.
Subsequently, he got up and headed to Roxanne's house.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny weren't in bed yet.
They were still sitting on the couch, waiting for their mother to return home.
However, it was going to be half past nine soon, and there were still no signs of Roxanne. They called her, but her phone had been turned off.
Verily, they were both fearful and worried. "Could something really have happened to Mommy, Archie?" Benny grabbed his brother's hand nervously.
Archie bit his lip, his heart heavy. 
###Chapter 1182
Chapter 1182
Just when they were discussing whether to go out and look for Roxanne, the doorbell rang out of the blue. “Is Mommy home?"
Benny leaped off the couch excitedly.
Likewise, Archie sprang to his feet.
The two boys trotted over to the mansion door and turned on the video intercom for a look.
When they saw the person standing at the door, their faces promptly fell.
“Archie, Benny, it's me. Open the door, quick."
Haunted by guilt, Cayden sounded incredibly gentle.
The boys begrudgingly opened the door. "What's the matter, Mr. Lawson? Was it Mommy who sent you here?" Cayden's gaze was conflicted. "Yeah. I'll bring you both to see her now."
The instant Benny heard that, his eyes lit up.
Conversely, Archie's heart sank with worry.
It's late now. If Mommy wanted to see us, she could've come by herself. Since she asked Mr. Lawson to come and pick us up, there's a high possibility that something had happened to her.
"Did something happen to our mommy, Mr. Lawson?" He stared at Cayden seriously, his expression grave.
At the knowing look in Archie's eyes, Cayden opened his mouth, but he didn't quite know how to tell the boy the truth.
Along moment passed before he simply muttered, "You'll know when we reach."
Only then did Benny belatedly realize that something was amiss. His expression gradually froze.
Having long since braced himself for bad news, Archie took his brother's hand and inclined his head at Cayden. "Bring us there." Cayden turned away and nodded, lacking the guts to look them in the eye. Whirling around, he strode toward the car.
When they reached the car door, he bent down and carried Archie and Benny into the car, one after another.
Throughout the drive, all three of them were in a subdued mood.
By the time they arrived at the entrance of the hospital, Zayne already had someone waiting at the door.
As soon as the person saw them approaching, he immediately rushed forward and greeted, "Are you Mr. Lawson? Mr. Farwell and the others are already waiting upstairs."
After saying that, he shifted his gaze to Archie and Benny with sympathy brimming in his eyes. Archie and Benny keenly sensed the stranger's gaze. Once more, unease swamped them. Shortly after, they arrived at the top floor under the staff's lead.
Lucian stood at the hospital room door with his face devoid of expression. Beside him were a group of terrified specialists and also Zayne.
"Mr. Farwell.” Stepping forward, Archie and Benny went over to Lucian.
Lucian tilted his head slightly at them before glancing over his shoulder at the hospital room.
Even he didn't quite know how to tell the boys about Roxanne's condition at that moment.
Before he could organize his words, Archie's juvenile voice rang out. "Did something happen to Mommy? How is she right now?" His voice was calm, and he sounded just like an adult. As he spoke, he even grasped his brother's hand in consolation.
The young boy's sensibility made Lucian's heart clench bitterly.
Archie and Benny waited for some time, but Lucian remained silent.
Thus, they pinned their gazes on the few men in white coats behind the man.
Needless to say, the few specialists couldn't withstand their intent stare.
Just as they were about to explain, Lucian's voice broke the silence.
"There was an accident when your mommy was carrying out an experiment, and she passed out. But don't worry, for her life isn't in danger. She merely hasn't woken up yet."
Lucian tried his best to sound gentle and soothing. When Archie and Benny heard that, their expressions changed drastically.
No wonder we've been feeling uneasy the entire day. Something had really happened to Mommy! 
###Chapter 1183
Chapter 1183
Chapter 1183 "Mommy..." Knowing that Roxanne was in the hospital room behind Lucian, Benny immediately sprinted forward to go in for a look.
Lucian was already distressed because of Roxanne's condition. At the sight of Archie and Benny in such anguish, another wave of sorrow washed over him. Nonetheless, he still reached out and held Benny back.
Anxious to see his mother, Benny struggled desperately. "| want to see Mommy! Mommy!" Despite that, Lucian's grip on him remained firm. Seeing Benny in tears, the few specialists felt sorry for him.
However, if they were to allow Archie and Benny to barge in, the boys would likely throw themselves at Roxanne and wail incessantly. That would be of no help to the treatment.
On the contrary, Archie was far calmer than his brother. Although his eyes were also red-rimmed, he merely stood there quietly. "What do you need me and Benny to do?"
Mommy has likely been unconscious for a long time. At the very least, she has already been in such a condition when Mr. Lawson picked us up from school. At that time, Daddy asked him to keep it a secret from us. But now, Daddy suddenly had him bring us here. As such, there must be something in which he needs our help!
Archie and Benny's devastation had utterly broken the specialists’ hearts. However, Archie's calmness under such circumstances left them in awe. Astrange look flittered across Lucian's eyes, but he swiftly gathered his wits. He started, "Do you still remember the play we staged back then?"
In response, Archie bobbed his head.
Lifting his hand, Lucian stroked the boy's head and elaborated in a deep voice, "Your mommy is Sleeping Beauty right now. She's merely asleep and needs you two to wake her up. Don't cry after entering the room. Instead, talk to her."
Sniffling, Archie nodded. "Understood."
After saying that, he reached out and took his brother's hand.
Initially, Benny was bawling ceaselessly. When
Archie grasped his hand, he slowly fell silent though tears continued streaming down his face.
"Can we go in now?" Archie looked up at the adults in front of him.
Nodding profusely, the few specialists made way for the boys.
Lucian spun around, leading Archie and Benny into the hospital room.
No sooner had he opened the hospital room door than the two boys rushed over to the hospital bed on their short legs. "Mommy!"
As Benny gazed at Roxanne's sleeping countenance, his tears which had finally ceased started pouring again.
At long last, Archie similarly couldn't control his emotions any longer and started crying. Meanwhile, Lucian stood at the door. He waited for a few seconds before dragging his feet into the room. "Be good, and don't cry anymore. Talk to your mommy. She must be eager to hear your voices."
Through their tears, Archie and Benny nodded. Lucian turned and cast a look at the woman on the bed. "Archie and Benny are here. Hurry up and wake up"
Having said that, he gazed solemnly at the boys before pivoting and retreating to the corner.
Flinging themselves at the hospital bed, Archie and Benny clutched Roxanne's hand outside the covers. They found her hand warm, as though someone else had been holding it earlier.
Nevertheless, they hadn't the time to ponder upon it. In juvenile voices, they started speaking into Roxanne's ear. “We're worried sick about you, Mommy. Can you please not sleep anymore? We're scared..."
“Hurry up and wake up, Mommy. If you wake up, we'll behave and listen to you. We'll never make you mad anymore..." As they spoke, they began choking on tears.
Even Lucian couldn't bear listening to them any longer. However, when he shifted his gaze to Roxanne, he saw that her eyes remained tightly shut. 
###Chapter 1184
Chapter 1184
Chapter 1184 Lucian couldn't help taking Roxanne to task inwardly.
Are you really this ruthless, Roxanne? Archie and Benny are in tears by your bed. Don't you feel sorry for them at ail? Why are you not waking up?
Throughout it all, Archie and Benny's weeps echoed in the hospital room.
Lucian forcefully slammed his fist against the wall behind him before storming out of the hospital room. "Well? Are her brain waves fluctuating?"
The chilliness around him was so intense that it might condense into ice.
If there's no response from Roxanne when Archie and Benny are crying their hearts out, I'll never let these quack doctors who proposed such a dumb idea off the hook!
As a matter of fact, the specialists were also keeping an eye on the situation in the hospital room. When they saw Archie and Benny wailing, they were as anxious as Lucian.
“Mr. Farwell, you can come over here and have a look."
Aspecialist stood up and offered his seat, urging Lucian over for a look at the brain waves' fluctuation. Leaning down, Lucian swept his gaze over the screen, only to see that the curve was fluctuating violently. "The curve fluctuated as well when you spoke to Ms. Jarvis earlier, but not as intense as this."
Pointing at the curve, the specialist continued explaining, "It's evident that having the kids talk to her is effective to a certain degree."
Lucian's brows knitted together deeply. Since Roxanne can hear the kids, why is she not waking up?
The thought of Archie and Benny weeping so hard that they could barely breathe had him seized by the urge to kill the person who poisoned Roxanne.
When the specialist glanced at the window and saw that Archie and Benny were blubbering so badly that they couldn't speak anymore, he bit the bullet and advised Lucian, "Mr. Farwell, the kids aren't doing so well. You should go in and look in on them."
Putting his thoughts away, Lucian returned to the room with huge strides. "Mr. Farwell..." Sobbing, Benny grabbed his hand and led him to the side of the hospital bed.
Lucian allowed the boy's sweaty hand to grab onto him. Reaching the hospital bed, he stared down at Roxanne's sleeping countenance.
Sniveling, Benny asked, "Can Mommy really hear us? Why... Why is she not awake yet?"
Lucian lifted his hand and patted the boy on the head in consolation. In an uncertain tone, he assured, "Yes, she has heard you. She's also trying her best to wake up. Let's help her by continue talking to her."
Skepticism was written all over Archie and Benny's faces. Regretfully, Lucian didn't know how else he could comfort them. Benny couldn't resist reaching out and giving his mother a push.
Following that, Roxanne's body swayed.
Upon seeing that, Lucian frowned slightly. Just as he wanted to stop Benny from doing so, Archie's voice drifted into his ear. "Mommy!" Archie had seemingly discovered something. He snapped his eyes up at Lucian.
"Quick, look, Mr. Farwell! Is Mommy going to wake up?”
Lucian's heart skipped a beat, and he swung his gaze in the direction where Archie was pointing.
Roxanne's hand outside the covers seemingly twitched.
In that instant, all three of them held their breaths as they stared at the hand unblinkingly.
A few seconds later, Roxanne's pinkie curved slightly but returned to its initial state in the blink of an eye. It was as though that was merely their illusion.
Assuming that their mother would be regaining consciousness soon, Archie and Benny waited with anticipation. Alas, Roxanne remained motionless.
Benny anxiously grabbed her hand. "Mommy, hurry up and wake up. I'm scared..."
Frowning deeply, Lucian went over to the door and summoned the specialists.
“Her hand moved earlier. Why isn't she awake yet?" 
###Chapter 1185
Chapter 1185
Chapter 1185 The specialists’ expressions turned grim when they heard that.
One of the reputable doctors hurried over to the bed and performed a series of examinations on Roxanne. When he was done, he shook his head helplessly.
"What does that mean?" Lucian's tone sounded incredibly cold. Meanwhile, Archie and Benny stared fixedly at the adults.
In response, the specialist said, "I've examined Ms. Jarvis, and she's showing no signs of regaining consciousness. What you saw just now—her fingers curling—was probably just a reflex of her nerves.
She's trying her best, too, but she needs a final push."
Right as those words left his mouth, the ward plunged into a deathly silence.
Only the sound of Benny's sobbing could be heard.
Lucian frowned as he pondered deeply.
Afinal push. Who else does this woman care about that | haven't thought of?
Suddenly, Archie approached Lucian and tugged at the hem of his clothes. "Mr. Farwell." Hence, Lucian looked down at the boy while trying to lessen the iciness in his gaze. Archie suggested sweetly, "Could you let Essie come here and talk to Mommy?"
Upon hearing that, Lucian felt his heart tense. It hurt so much that he could not breathe properly. Oh, right. Essie.
He almost forgot Estella was just as important as the boys were to Roxanne.
Moreover, Estella was Roxanne's flesh and blood.
Maybe they're connected telepathically to a certain extent.
At that thought, Lucian held Archie's hand and instructed grimly, "Stay here with Mommy and keep talking to her. I'll get someone to bring Essie over now."
Archie's face was wet with tears. The moment he heard those words, he broke into a smile. "Mommy will definitely wake up if Essie could come."
The boys could sense their mother's longing and worry for Estella.
At that, Lucian nodded calmly. As he walked out of the ward, he instructed Cayden, "Go to the manor and bring Estella here." Cayden had been waiting in the corridor after bringing the boys over.
When Cayden heard Lucian's orders, he was stunned but quickly came to his senses.
True. Ms. Jarvis was the one who gave birth to Ms. Estella. Perhaps a miracle will happen.
With that thought in mind, Cayden agreed without hesitation and hurried off.
Normally, the journey to the manor would take thirty minutes. However, Cayden had already parked the car in front of the Farwell residence after twenty minutes.
Since he knew the password to the door, he opened it and strolled into the mansion.
It was already past ten o'clock at night, but the mansion was still brightly lit.
Estella's lips were pressed together as she sat on the couch with an aggrieved look, hugging her knees at the same time. She looked as if she did not want anyone to approach her.
Standing beside her was Catalina, looking exasperated. Meanwhile, Aubree was trying to approach the little girl with a smile. That was how it had been the entire night.
Catalina let out a quiet sigh of relief when she saw Cayden. "Mr. Lawson, please help us talk some sense into Ms. Estella. She refuses to sleep."
When Aubree heard that, she recalled the incident where Cayden had ruined her plans. Displeased, she shut her mouth. Meanwhile, Estella glanced over with a frown.
"Ms. Estella, Ms. Pearson," Cayden greeted them politely.
Aubree merely hummed a cold response.
"Mr. Farwell has instructed me to bring Ms. Estella to him," Cayden informed nonchalantly.
As soon as he finished his sentence, Estella's eyes lit up, and she loosened her arms around her knees.
At the same time, there was a change in Aubree's countenance. "Where's Lucian?" 
###Chapter 1186
Chapter 1186
There was an urgent look on Aubree’s face as if she wanted to personally bring Estella to Lucian.
Lucian had been treating Aubree coldly ever since Estella got bullied at the kindergarten.
In fact, Aubree had not met Lucian for the past few days.
That day, she had a golden opportunity to wait for Lucian to return by using Estella as an excuse.
To her dismay, not only did Lucian not return, but he even sent Cayden to pick Estella up.
Naturally, Aubree would not miss out on that opportunity.
Alas, Cayden apologized coldly, “I’m sorry, Ms. Pearson. It’s not my place to reveal Mr. Farwell’s schedule.” Aubree’s expression darkened as soon as she heard that.
What do you mean you can’t reveal his schedule?
“Don't you forget I’m Lucian’s fiancée. Why are you hiding his schedule from me?” Aubree questioned, glaring furiously at Cayden.
Nonetheless, Cayden was unfazed. “I know you're Mr. Farwell’s fiancée, but I'll still be saying the same thing even if Mrs. Farwell is here today.”
Aubree gritted her teeth in fury. “Don’t go overboard, Cayden!” This obtuse man was the one who ruined my plans last time. And now, he’s keeping Lucian’s schedule a secret from me.
Cayden merely lowered his head and explained, “If you think there’s no need to hide it from you, you may give Mr. Farwell a call. He still has some time to answer some calls, after all. He'll tell you if he thinks you should know about it.”
Having said that, he turned to look at Estella. “Let’s go, Ms. Estella.”
Estella immediately leaped off the couch, ran to him, and held his hand sweetly. With that, Cayden led the girl away.
Aubree purpled with fury as she watched them leave. “I'll go with you!”
After placing Estella in the car, Cayden shut the door and said firmly, “Mr. Farwell has only instructed me to bring Ms. Estella over. If you'd like to tag along, please give Mr. Farwell a call. I'll bring you along if he gives
Aubree’s expression froze when she heard that.
Strangely, she felt slightly confident when she recalled the fact that Lucian had taken the initiative to call her that afternoon. Hence, she pulled out her phone and called him.
Unfortunately, the call was declined after the first ring. The screen on the phone reflected Aubree’s vicious expression.
“If there’s nothing else, I'll leave with Ms. Estella first. I'll pick you up if Mr. Farwell instructs me to do so.”
Cayden sounded incredibly polite. After saying that, he got into the car and drove in the direction of the hospital.
As she watched Cayden’s car disappear from her line of sight, she snatched a handful of flowers at the mansion’s entrance and watched the petals fall to the ground. Gnashing her teeth, she crushed them all.
“Mr. Lawson, where are we going?”
On their way to the hospital, Estella cast Cayden a puzzled look.
However, a pained look appeared on his face when he heard the question.
After some time, he said awkwardly, “You'll find out once we're there. Don’t worry. Mr. Farwell is waiting for us there.” Pouting, Estella fell silent for a while before suddenly asking, “Is Ms. Jarvis there, too?”
She missed Roxanne terribly especially that day.
Cayden merely flashed her a bitter smile, not knowing how to answer her question.
Estella then added, “Can we see Ms. Jarvis first, then? Just a short while will do. Then, we can go to Daddy.” 
###Chapter 1187
Chapter 1187
Cayden’s heart ached when he heard that.
Meanwhile, Estella was staring at him with anticipation through the rearview mirror. Gulping, Cayden forced a smile. “Ms. Jarvis is with Mr. Farwell. You'll see her later.” Estella’s eyes lit up instantly.
Cayden could feel how happy Estella was without turning around, but his heart sank at the thought of what she was about to see later.
Shortly after, the car stopped in front of the hospital.
Estella had become silent long ago. Clearly, she noticed where they were heading to. Cayden, too, moved stiffly as he uttered, “We're here, Ms. Estella. Come on. I'll take you in.” With that, he reached out to help her out.
Right then, Estella hopped off the backseat and sped into the hospital.
Seeing that, Cayden quickly shut the door and hurried after her.
After bringing her into the elevator, he realized her eyes were already reddened. Feeling sorry for her, Cayden looked away for he could not bear to take another look at her face.
Thankfully, it did not take long for the elevator to reach the top floor. The moment the elevator opened, Estella rushed out and threw herself at Lucian, who was waiting outside.
Estella had been worried during the entire journey. By the time she spoke, she was already choking up. “Daddy! Where’s Ms. Jarvis? | want to see her!”
Lucian stared solemnly at Cayden, who looked utterly helpless. After some time, Lucian retracted his gaze and patted Estella’s head. “She’s asleep. Why don’t you go wake her up?”
With that, Lucian picked her up and walked toward the ward. Along the way, he said, “When you go in, try to talk to Ms. Jarvis more, okay?”
Estella nodded, sobbing.
When she saw the boys crying so miserably, tears began to flow down her face.
Lucian’s heart ached when he heard Estella’s sobs. Even so, he kept himself composed and carried her into the ward. “Ms. Jarvis...”
As soon as they entered the ward, Estella wriggled out of his embrace and ran toward Roxanne. “Ms. Javis, what’s wrong with you? Please wake up. | miss you so much... Don’t frighten me, please. | promise to be a good girl and not make you angry anymore...”
Benny grabbed his mother’s hand and shook it carefully, “Mommy, Essie’s here. Please wake up and look at her.”
Archie, on the other hand, was sobbing silently by the side. After watching them for some time, he realized Roxanne was still unconscious.
Biting his lips, he walked over to Lucian and asked, “Mr. Farwell, can we really wake Mommy up?”
They had been speaking to Roxanne for a long time. Even Essie had arrived.
Still, Roxanne showed no signs of regaining consciousness.
Archie could not help but doubt the veracity of the adults‘ words.
Lucian glanced at the unresponsive woman on the bed, then at the heartbroken boy. He just could not bring himself to say anything.
After all, he began speaking to Roxanne even before the children arrived. His doubts for the method were greater than theirs.
However, he could not bear to confirm their doubts.
After all, that was the children’s only hope.
He did not know how the children would react if they realized he too, believed the method was not working. 
###Chapter 1188
Chapter 1188
Chapter 1188 Suddenly, the door was opened from the outside.
Lucian, whose blood was burning with unvented anger, turned around, wanting to scold the intruder when he saw the anxious looks on the specialists’ faces.
“Hurry! Ms. Jarvis‘ brain waves are showing signs of waking up!”
The crowd in the room were stunned.
Archie was the first to come to his senses. He tugged at Roxanne’s hand and called out, “Mommy! Mommy, wake up!” Benny, too, followed suit.
Meanwhile, Estella stood frozen beside Lucian for some time before frantically wiping her tears and hugging Roxanne’s arm. “Ms. Jarvis...”
Estella called out again. As if influenced by the boys, her words changed. “Mommy... Wake up, please...” In no time, cries of the three children filled the ward.
When Lucian heard Estella addressing Roxanne differently, his eyes trembled, but he said nothing. He simply stood beside them and watched the woman on the bed.
Maybe she'll really wake up since the specialists say she’s waking up soon.
In truth, Roxanne had only been unconscious for half a day, but to him, it felt as if she had been unconscious for half of his lifetime.
It was the first time he realized how important she was to him.
“Roxanne, wake up, please,” he murmured softly.
In the next second, a specialist cried out, “They are moving! Ms. Jarvis‘ eyes are moving!” The children cried out more anxiously.
“Mommy... Mommy...°
In the meantime, Roxanne felt as if she were in a dream she could not get out of.
At first, everything was dark in her dream. She could not see anything.
No matter how hard she called out for help, outsiders did not seem to hear her.
Just as she was feeling hopeless, she heard noises ringing out beside her ears. It sounded as if someone was murmuring into her ears.
She tried her best to catch what they were saying but to no avail.
It was not until the words “mommy” vibrated against her eardrums. Only then did Roxanne realize they were Archie’s and Benny's voices. They're here to save me! I’ve got to wake up!
Roxanne kept struggling, wanting to open her eyes.
She tried hard until she was exhausted, but it was fruitless.
Roxanne helplessly scanned the darkness around her, feeling extremely sorry for the boys.
I'm sorry, Archie and Benny. | really want to wake up and keep you company, but... | just can't. “Mommy!”
Just then, a sweet, gentle voice rang in her ears. Immediately after that, her surroundings lit up slightly. Roxanne’s heart lurched, and she looked around.
That voice sounded like the child she assumed had died-the child she had been constantly thinking of. “Mommy, stop sleeping!”
Allittle girl in a cute skirt appeared in her vision. Her face was blurry, but Roxanne could sense the former was crying. The girl held Roxanne’s hand and led her in the dark.
Roxanne was stunned to see the girl’s figure, but she did not stop the latter.
Finally, they arrived before a glowing door.
The girl gave Roxanne a push at the waist, gesturing for the latter to get out quickly.
However, Roxanne could not bring herself to move. She had finally gotten to see that child. Naturally, she did not have the heart to leave the girl alone. 
###Chapter 1189
Chapter 1189
Slowly, Roxanne squatted to touch the little girl’s head.
However, she seemed to have noticed the girl smiling at her.
Roxanne’s nose stung. She wanted to apologize to the girl, but the lump in her throat prevented her from doing 1. SO.
“Get out quickly, Mommy. You'll see me when you wake up!” the girl urged, tilting her head.
Roxanne’s eyes trembled violently.
My daughter died long ago... How am | going to see her again once | wake up?
Nonetheless, the little girl gave her an urgent push.
Archie’s and Benny’s cries traveled into Roxanne’s ears again.
After much hesitation, Roxanne finally stood up. Before leaving, she could not help but look back at the tiny figure behind her.
The little girl waved.
Roxanne forced a smile and marched toward the door.
“Mommy!”
The children’s cries were becoming clearer.
As Roxanne slowly opened her eyes, she stared at the glaring white ceiling with moistened eyes.
“She's awake! Ms. Jarvis is awake!”
The specialists who had been waiting by the door stared at her unblinkingly. The moment the crowd saw her open her eyes, they cheered happily.
Lucian, too, noticed Roxanne’s eyes were opened, and he was filled with disbelief.
It was not until he heard the specialists’ voices that he snapped back to reality. Still, he could not believe what had happened. She's awake?
He had been waiting for so long that he was about to lose hope. And now, Roxanne was finally awake.
The three children gripped her hands tightly, so tightly that she felt as if her hands were going to break.
Only then did Roxanne slowly regain her senses.
Even though she was in a daze, she heard the cry of a little girl amidst all the sounds.
Thinking back to what the little girl in her dream said, Roxanne widened her eyes in surprise and looked in the voice’s direction. The person who came into view was a teary-eyed Estella.
She, too, was crying out the word “mommy” along with the boys.
Aself—deprecating smile crept to Roxanne’s lips when she saw Estella’s face.
My daughter died long ago. Why am | still having visions like that?
Archie had been controlling himself since the beginning. Though he was also crying, he was more composed than his younger siblings.
Seeing Roxanne was awake, Archie could not hold it in anymore and burst into tears, throwing himself into her embrace. “Mommy, you’re finally awake!”
In the next second, the other two children threw themselves at her as well.
It took Roxanne a few seconds to regain her senses before hugging them back.
Though Roxanne thought Estella was not the daughter who died, she had always treated Estella as if she was her own. “There, there. Stop crying. I’m fine. Sorry for scaring you. It’s my fault,” Roxanne comforted the children weakly. However, the children did not stop crying, and it made Roxanne’s heart ache.
Suddenly, a deep, hoarse voice rang out.
“Do you know how long you've been sleeping?”
Roxanne stiffened. She belatedly noticed Lucian was present as well.
| must've lost my mind from sleeping too long. How could the children be here /f not for Lucian?
“Mr. Farwell...” Roxanne slowly released the children and cast him a conflicted look.
looked extremely restless and frustrated.
It was her first time seeing Lucian looking so haggard. 
###Chapter 1190
Chapter 1190
The look on Lucian’s face threw Roxanne into a slight daze.
Why is he like this? Is he worried about me? But we're not in any relationship. What's the reason that's making him so worried? Lucian let out a deep sigh of relief, feeling as if the weight in his heart was lifted.
Glancing at the dumbfounded woman on the bed, he stepped forward impulsively. His gaze was so intense as if he was going to make a hole in her face.
Upon meeting his gaze, Roxanne felt an odd feeling creeping into her heart, so she turned away wanting to avoid it. “How are you feeling? Do you feel any discomfort?” asked Lucian before she could turn away.
Roxanne’s heart twinged when she heard his hoarse voice. In the end, she lowered her gaze to conceal her emotions. “I don’t know. It just feels like I’ve been sleeping for a long time.”
Frowning. Lucian suddenly reached out to feel her forehead. Roxanne froze, and her mind went blank. Meanwhile, Lucian placed his hand on her forehead for a long time.
He did not know what was wrong with him. He was clearly aware that Roxanne was poisoned, yet he chose to show his care for her using such a poor excuse.
Then again, he really did not know how else to show his concern.
Even the children were stupefied.
Benny asked innocently, “Mommy, are you having a fever?”
His voice brought the adults back to reality.
At that, Roxanne turned her head to dodge Lucian’s hand, flashing the children a comforting smile.
Just as she was about to say no, she recalled Lucian’s actions earlier. If she were to deny that, then it would be even more difficult to explain Lucian’s gesture.
For a moment, Roxanne did not know how to answer the children.
Thankfully, one of the specialists voiced up. “Ahem.”
Ms. Jarvis has just awakened, we’ll need to examine her body. Mr. Farwell, can you bring the children out for a moment?”
Lucian fell silent for several seconds before nodding. “Let’s go out first,” he said to the children.
Of course, the children were reluctant to leave. It had not been easy waiting for Roxanne to wake up, after all. Estella held Roxanne’s hand tightly, looking utterly uneasy.
She feared Roxanne would go back to sleep after she left.
Roxanne could see the fear on their faces, and she could not help but feel sorry for them. “Be good, okay? Go out for a while. I'll wait for all of you to come back.”
With that said, she patted the children’s heads.
Still, Estella was reluctant to leave.
“Darlings, please go out, okay? Ms. Jarvis just woke up, so she shouldn't get too emotional. Otherwise, it would affect her condition. Surely you don’t want anything to happen to her again, right?” coaxed one of the specialists patiently.
Hearing that, the children glanced at Roxanne hesitantly. Archie walked over to Estella and held her hand firmly. “Let’s go. We'll wait outside while the doctors examine Mommy’.”
Seeing the uneasy look on Estella’s face, he comforted patiently, “Don’t be scared. She’s already awake. Nothing will happen to her again.”
Only then did Estella give a slow nod and walked out of the room with the boys, glancing back with every step she took. Meanwhile, Lucian told the specialists a few words before turning around to leave.
“Ms. Jarvis, we never knew you were acquainted with Mr. Farwell,” commented one of the specialists who had met Roxanne before. 
###Chapter 1191
Chapter 1191
Pursing her lips, Roxanne smiled. “Our kids happened to be in the same class, so we were already acquainted with each other.” On the other hand, Roxanne had no idea how she would even begin to explain her relationship with Lucian to an outsider.
The specialists began to give Roxanne a body checkup.
“| can’t help but think that your relationship with Mr. Farwell isn’t that simple.”
One of the specialists was still trying to make small talk with Roxanne.
Roxanne was startled when she heard the specialist’s words. She had no idea how he got the impression.
He continued, “Mr. Farwell was the one who contacted us urgently to come here today. We all thought that something had happened to his fiancée, and after arriving at the hospital, it turns out you were the one being brought in.”
When Roxanne thought about the expression that would have been on Lucian’s face, a wave of emotion rippled through her heart.
“Mr. Farwell stayed with you for a long time while you were unconscious. He was also reluctant to let the children come because he was afraid that you would be worried,” the specialist articulated each and every word clearly.
Roxanne lowered her gaze, unwilling to let him see her expression. She felt incredibly guilty. Lucian had overdone it in front of the specialists. With the sort of relationship they had, there was no need to go so far for her.
Based on her understanding, even she felt that Lucian should not treat her that well. She should not occupy such an important position in his heart.
“It's a good thing you woke up. Otherwise, I’d be worried about our future in the medical field.” The specialist’s tone was filled with mixed emotions.
Roxanne’s heart was in turmoil. Frowning, she interrupted him before he could go on. “I’m sorry. I’m quite tired and wish to have some peace.”
Upon hearing that, the specialist realized he had overstepped his bounds, and quietly shut his mouth. The words the specialist had said were still ringing in her ears.
Lucian had stayed by my side.
While she was unconscious, she felt as if someone had spoken to her. Was it Lucian?
Roxanne couldn’t help but grow curious. | wonder what he said?
Meanwhile, Lucian and the three children stood outside the ward.
Lucian leaned against the door of the ward and gazed through the window, monitoring the situation inside. Through the window, he could see Roxanne speaking to someone. Her expression kept changing.
For reasons unbeknownst to him, Roxanne suddenly turned to look at the door.
Lucian lowered his gaze instinctively, avoiding her gaze.
The three children pressed against the gap in the door, anxious to know what was going on inside. However, the door was shut tight. Naturally, they could not see anything. “Mr. Farwell, how is Mommy?” Benny asked as he tugged at the hem of Lucian’s shirt.
After hearing his words, Archie and Estella also abandoned their post at the door gap. They lifted their heads and stared at him pleadingly.
Lucian came to his senses when he heard Benny’s voice. He patted the little boy on the head comfortingly. “The doctors are giving her a checkup to see if there’s anything wrong. She seems to be fine.”
Although the children had managed to hold back their tears earlier, the rims of their eyes were red.
After hearing his words, their pursed lips turned up, revealing smiling faces.
Suddenly recalling something, Lucian lowered his eyes and stared at his daughter.
Earlier, Estella had followed suit when Archie and Benny referred to Roxanne as their mother. Lucian had been deeply shocked. At that moment, he had been more concerned about Roxanne’s condition to dwell on it.
Now that the latter had woken up, Lucian’s curiosity was piqued. How did Estella feel back then? 
###Chapter 1192
Chapter 1192
Chapter 1192 Awhile later, the specialists exited the ward. The moment the doors to the ward were opened, Lucian immediately looked up. “How is she?”
Smiling reassuringly, the lead specialist nodded. “Ms. Jarvis woke up sooner than expected. She'll be fine since she’d already woken up. The follow-up treatment is a lot simpler. You only have to ensure that she doesn’t get agitated throughout the period.”
Lucian nodded in affirmation and stared at Roxanne through the door. She had lain back down on the bed. As if sensing his gaze, she turned her body to the side and had her back facing the door. Lucian’s eyes darkened in response.
“Mr. Farwell, we'll be taking our leave if there’s nothing else. I’m sure the children and you have a lot to catch up with Ms. Jarvis. We'd hate to interrupt,” the specialist said.
Nodding noncommittally, Lucian stepped aside to let them leave. The three children immediately rushed into the ward eagerly as soon as the specialists entered the elevator. Mommy!”
Archie’s and Benny’s eyes sparkled as they ran toward Roxanne. They were like two puppies as they looked at her with their large eyes.
Estella followed behind the two boys. She opened her mouth but remained silent in the end.
Observing Estella, Lucian noted that she had probably mouthed the word “Mommy” like the boys.
A peculiar look flitted across Lucian’s eyes as he saw how timid Estella was.
“Mommy, how are you feeling? Do you feel any discomfort?” Archie inquired with concern.
Roxanne smiled placatingly. “I’m all right. I’m sorry to have worried you. Were you very frightened?”
The children shook their heads fervently. “We weren't scared. We were only worried about Mommy.” Although they had tried to reassure her, Roxanne saw through their facade and noticed the fear and worry in their eyes. Her heart ached as she thought of how they must have felt earlier. “I’m really all right. I'll always stay by your Roxanne could not help but blame herself.
| don’t even know what happened with the gas during the experiment today!
Thinking back, she had been extremely careless.
She was the only family Archie and Benny had. Therefore, she had to take better care of herself.
“| promise I'll never let something like this happen again.” Roxanne smiled apologetically at the children.
Nodding obediently, Archie and Benny tried to comfort her instead. “Don’t worry, Mommy. We'll take good care of ourselves and you during this period of time.”
Roxanne felt touched by their declaration.
Benny suddenly remembered Lucian, who had been standing at the door of the ward. He turned back to his mother and added sweetly, “It’s all thanks to Mr. Farwell’s help. | don’t know what Archie and | would have done otherwise.”
After this incident, the children became aware of how important Lucian was to them and they were determined to let Roxanne and Lucian reconcile.
This is a good opportunity!
Sensing Benny’s intention, Archie chimed in, “Mr. Farwell stayed with Mommy the whole time! He even made Mr. Lawson take us home. Mommy, Mr. Farwell was such a huge help.”
Archie’s face was utterly serious.
Unsure of how to praise her father’s effort, Estella settled for nodding her head in agreement. 
###Chapter 1193
Chapter 1193
As she listened to the children showering Lucian with compliments, Roxanne felt another rush of emotions, despite having finally regained her composure just a short time ago.
Back when the specialists examined her body, they had told her the same thing.
She didn’t know what to say and had to cut them short.
Never in her wildest dreams did she know that the children would mention it again a few minutes later. This time, Lucian could hear them as he was standing at the door.
She had no choice but to face him now.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne forced herself to look at the man standing next to the door. “Thank you, Mr. Farwell. Sorry for causing trouble again today.”
Initially, Roxanne expected Lucian to either tease her in his usual manner or dismiss the situation and tell her that it was no big deal.
To her surprise, Lucian’s face was devoid of expression as he nodded and said darkly, “Yes, you’ve caused me a huge deal of trouble.”
Roxanne was taken aback by his response, and for a moment, she didn’t know how to reply. Even the kids were surprised.
We finally created a chance for Daddy to make up with Mommy. Why does Daddy seem upset? “Daddy!” Estella ran over to Lucian and tugged the edge of his clothes anxiously.
However, Lucian remained unfazed and strode over to Roxanne’s bed.
Roxanne felt a chill go down her spine at the sight of his expressionless and dark gaze.
Slowly, Lucian revealed, “I was in the middle of an important meeting when | received the news. | couldn’t believe my eyes when Cayden showed me his phone. Ms. Jarvis, don’t you pride yourself on being an exceptional traditional medicine doctor? Why can’t you take the necessary precautions to ensure your safety during an experiment?”
Roxanne hung her head guiltily. Her lips twitched, but she had no answer to his questions. It was true that she was careless today.
“Even if you don’t consider your own safety, you should take Archie and Benny to heart. They have lost their father. Do you think they can handle losing their mother as well?” Lucian chided sharply.
Estella felt that Lucian was far too angry and huffed in frustration. “Daddy, stop it! Ms. Jarvis is still sick!”
It was only after hearing Estella’s voice that Lucian belatedly realized that he had become too emotional. Surprise registered in his eyes.
| was too upset as Roxanne didn’t take her safety seriously.
“Mr. Farwell, | understand that you are concerned for me,” Roxanne said, biting her lower lip. She summoned the courage to meet his gaze. “I acted carelessly. Please accept my apology for causing you and the children to worry. | assure you that it will not happen again.”
She knew Lucian way too well.
Six years ago, or even after she returned to the country, he had never lost his composure, ever.
Coupled with the specialists‘ description, Roxanne could imagine how worried Lucian was after she got into trouble.
Her apology caused Lucian to furrow his brows in shock.
Previously, if he talked to her this way, they would part ways on a sour note.
This time, however, Roxanne said she could understand his feelings.
Lucian wondered if he was hearing things.
Estella was fast to react and immediately chimed in, “Daddy was really worried about you. Look, his eyes are bloodshot. Ms. Jarvis, can you please stop being upset with him?”
She sprawled next to Roxanne, pouting pitifully. 
###Chapter 1194
Chapter 1194
Archie and Benny quickly put in a good word for Lucian.
“Mommy, Mr. Farwell was worried about you and he also took good care of us.”
Roxanne felt a wave of helplessness overwhelming her heart when she realized the kids were siding with him.
She couldn't help but notice Lucian’s worn-out appearance. It was clear to her that he was really worried about her. However, that didn’t mean that she could accept him without any reservations.
As Roxanne struggled to think of a way to respond to the children, Lucian interjected, “This is a matter for us adults, so stay out of it. Your mommy has just woken up. You should talk to her.”
Roxanne felt a sense of relief deep down, grateful for Lucian’s intervention in the situation. Despite that, she still dared not look up at him and only offered the children a tremulous smile.
The kids stopped pressuring Roxanne for an answer. They gathered around her and began recounting the amusing occurrences at their kindergarten.
Archie and Benny talked for some time when they realized Estella was silent. Growing curious, they asked, “Essie, are you happy at your new kindergarten?” They had always pondered about that, yet they never got the opportunity to meet up with Estella.
When they finally met up, Roxanne got sick, and it wasn’t until now that they finally had the chance to ask her this long-awaited question.
Roxanne’s heart sank upon hearing their question. The previous time | visited Essie, she was bullied by the other kids. | wonder how she’s doing there now.
Lucian had taught the parents a lesson, but Roxanne was worried that the kids would hold a grudge and ignore their parents‘ warnings.
She cast Estella a worried look.
Estella blinked twice before turning over her shoulder to look at Lucian.
| still want to go back to the old kindergarten to be with Archie and Benny.
Nevertheless, Lucian looked straight at Roxanne and explained, “Essie is doing well in her kindergarten. Her Roxanne was taken aback as she didn’t expect to hear his explanation.
Amoment of silence passed before she nodded, her emotions a tangled mix. “I’m glad to hear that. | was concerned-” Before she could finish, Lucian cut in, “If you’re concerned, why didn’t you visit her for so long?”
Roxanne froze in shock.
Lucian should know why | didn’t visit her. After all, he saw Aubree and me fighting that day.
However, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to say that reason out loud.
Lucian stared at her darkly as though waiting for an answer.
After some time had passed, Roxanne hung her head in dejection. “I apologize for having so many reservations.” It wasn’t clear who her apology was meant for.
Archie and Benny shared a look as they recalled Aubree who showed up that night.
Seeing how remorseful Roxanne looked, they couldn’t help but explain, “Mommy didn’t do that on purpose. That evil woman—” “Benny!” Roxanne chided, cutting him short.
Benny fell silent, looking aggrieved.
He wanted to voice his complaints to Lucian, but if Roxanne refused to let him speak, he would still respect her wishes. Mommy's sick, so | can’t make her angry. | should listen to her and be an obedient boy.
Roxanne stopped Benny in time, but Lucian realized something was amiss. “What happened?” he asked, furrowing his brows.
Benny gazed down at the ground and awkwardly placed his hands behind his back as he vigorously shook his head. 
###Chapter 1195
Chapter 1195
Chapter 1195 As Benny wasn’t about to say anything. Lucian turned to look at Roxanne.
Roxanne’s lips thinned as she flashed a smile. “It's nothing. | promised Ms. Pearson to keep a distance from you. After a near— death experience, | pondered over my decision and realized | had too many reservations earlier. | am concerned about Essie, so | should've asked about her despite Ms. Pearson’s warning.”
Her face showed that she was overcome with feelings of regret and guilt. Lucian gazed at her for a few moments. Noticing no indication of any abnormality, he ceased his inquiry.
He didn’t really trust Roxanne’s words, but he remembered the specialists’ reminder earlier and decided to question Roxanne about the details after her recovery.
Thus, the topic came to an end.
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief silently and told the children, “It’s late, so you should head home and get some rest. You can visit me tomorrow.”
Naturally, the children refused to do as told and shook their heads. Roxanne had to shoot Lucian a pleading look. Lucian’s brows knitted together. He could understand the children’s feelings.
“It's late, so | believe it wouldn’t be wise for the kids to travel back home. There’s an unoccupied room adjacent to yours. Why don’t they rest there for the night?”
He then looked at the kids, seeking their opinion on the arrangement.
The three children nodded obediently.
Roxanne relented. “Thank you, Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian inclined his head and led the kids out of her ward.
Cayden was still waiting outside the ward.
Seeing them, he greeted, “Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian ordered, “Bring them to the adjacent ward so they can spend the night there.”
Cayden grunted in acknowledgment. He quickly cleared the said ward so the children can rest there.
Cayden fixed his gaze on Lucian’s back and suddenly remembered something. He hastened after Lucian and cried out, “Mr. Farwell!”
Lucian halted in his tracks. “What is it?”
Cayden turned over his shoulder to look at the children before gesturing for Lucian to head to the corridor so they could talk there.
Lucian’s brows scrunched up as he walked out of the ward.
“When | picked up Ms. Estella earlier, Ms. Pearson was also there. She asked me where you were. Should | tell her what happened?” Cayden asked softly.
4 The mention of Aubree’s name jogged Lucian’s memory of what Benny had stated earlier. The little boy was interrupted before he could finish what he wanted to say.
The only evil woman Lucian could think of was Aubree.
4
With that thought in mind, he spoke coldly. “Since you kept the information from her when she inquired, there’s no need to deliberately inform her now.”
Cayden’s assurance increased upon hearing Lucian’s reply. A grin tugged at the corners of his mouth as he nodded in agreement. “How is Ms. Jarvis faring?” he queried, showing concern for Roxanne.
Lucian glanced at the closed door of the ward. “She’s awake and her condition has stabilized. Thank you so much for your help.” “I'm glad that she’s fine.” Cayden smiled in response.
| would much rather tire myse/f out if it meant that Mr. and Mrs. Farwell could patch things up than for Ms. Pearson to marry Mr. Farwell.
Lucian patted his shoulders. “Thank you. If you're tired, you can rest in an empty ward. I’ll give you a day off tomorrow.” Cayden nodded and shot him a warm smile. He watched as Lucian stepped inside Roxanne’s ward. A feeling of joy and contentment flooded through Cayden as the door to the ward closed in front of him.
Mrs. Farwell was severely ill, but her condition finally prompted Mr. Farwell to take action. It is only a matter of time before they reconcile. /sn’t this a blessing in disguise? 
###Chapter 1196
Chapter 1196
It was late at night. Roxanne assumed Lucian wouldn’t return after putting the kids to bed, so she lay in bed and allowed her thoughts to run wild.
She thought she had stopped loving Lucian.
After hearing the opinions of the specialists and the children, as well as a faint recollection of Lucian’s voice from when she was unconscious, she couldn’t help but feel a mzelstrom of churning emotions.
What does Lucian think of me?
An overwhelming swirl of emotions would flood Roxanne’s mind whenever she thought about that.
“A penny for your thoughts.” Lucian’s voice suddenly rang in her ear.
Taken aback, Roxanne quickly composed herself.
| was too engrossed in my thoughts. | didn’t even know when Lucian came in!
“The specialists said you must not get emotional. If it's not important, you should stop thinking too much.”
Lucian’s voice sounded calmer than before, which brought her a sense of security.
It took Roxanne a few seconds to regain her composure. She blurted out, “W—Why did you come back? It’s late...”
Lucian revealed honestly, “You have just regained consciousness and need someone to accompany you. | can’t let you stay here alone.”
Roxanne’s eyes turned as wide as saucers. She couldn't believe her ears. Does Lucian know what he’s talking about? Does he know the significance of his words?
Uncertain about his thoughts, she refrained from asking him further questions. She tried to brush off the matter by saying, “I’m feeling better now. Mr. Farwell, you must be exhausted. You should turn in early tonight.”
Lucian’s eyes were too bloodshot for her to ignore.
To her surprise, Lucian dragged a chair over and sat down beside her bed. Roxanne frowned. “I’m fine, really. You don’t have to stay here.”
Lucian was unfazed. “Well, | don’t trust you anymore.”
Before Roxanne could protest, Lucian declared, “I had to end a crucial meeting prematurely due to your fainting spell. | need to attend to it now. If you feel guilty, please be quiet and take some time to rest instead of distracting me.” He remained focused on his phone, avoiding any eye contact.
Hearing that, Roxanne had to swallow her remaining words. She felt a wave of conflicting emotions wash over her as she gaped at him.
The lights in the room were dim which allowed her to rest well. Thus, Roxanne couldn't see his expression clearly.
She regarded him for a while and could only see his slender fingers gliding across the screen.
Assuming he was busy with work, Roxanne looked away sheepishly and shut her eyes, forcing herself to go to
bed.
Once her eyes were shut, the image of an exhausted Lucian emerged in her mind.
Roxanne couldn't resist her curiosity and wondered what Lucian had said to her while she was unconscious.
She distinctly remembered that Lucian spoke for a long time, and his tone was unlike his usual manner.
Meanwhile, Aubree refused to give up and remained at the Farwell residence until late at night. Alas, Lucian didn’t come home.
Catalina couldn't stand it anymore and told her, “Ms. Pearson, it appears that Mr. Farwell won't be returning tonight. It would be best for you to go home now.”
Aubree glanced at her watch. Her expression was grim as she stood up to leave. Right after walking out of the mansion, she sent Cory a text to find out where Roxanne was.
Lucian wasn’t at home despite it being late at night, leading her to fear that he might be with Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1197
Chapter 1197
Chapter 1197 Mere moments after Aubree sent the text, Cory’s reply arrived.
Cory: Roxanne is currently at the hospital, having been admitted after being poisoned and losing consciousness. She has just been wheeled out of the emergency room and is still unconscious.
Aubree exhaled sharply upon reading the text. That b*tch! | hope she will never regain consciousness. That way, Lucian will be mine!
Cory sent another text: Mr. Farwell and the three children are at the hospital with her. | don’t know the current situation as they are on the top floor. /t will be too obvious if / head up there.
Aubree’s expression changed immediately. Gritting her teeth, she replied: Why didn’t you tell me something this important earlier?
At the other end, Cory rolled his eyes in exasperation.
Lucian’s men were keeping tabs on him, so it was pretty hard for him to follow Roxanne. Most importantly, Roxanne was currently with Lucian.
He had gone to great lengths to discover that, but Aubree was insatiable.
After some thought, Cory couldn’t be bothered to answer her question. He sent her the name of the hospital and switched off his phone.
Aubree took one look at the name of the hospital and pocketed her phone. She hurried to her car and left.
If I'm not mistaken, Cayden came earlier to give Essie a ride to this hospital. Why would he bring Essie there? Cory is unaware of the current situation on the top floor. Does that mean that b*tch Roxanne has regained consciousness?
As Aubree pondered further, her anger intensified. She floored the accelerator, driving faster and faster.
| thought Lucian will give up on that b*tch since he came back to me. Why is he still treating her that well? | can hardly believe that he’s at the hospital, staying by her side late into the night! | wish | had done something sooner to prevent them from getting back together for good. It’s too late now.
Aubree knew she had to head to the hospital as soon as possible to check on Roxanne’s current situation.
| need to remind them of her presence so they wouldn't get back together that swiftly. That way, | will get more time to deal with that b*tch.
| was too kind to that bitch. | should've killed her without hesitation!
Soon, Aubree’s car rolled to a stop before the hospital entrance.
She took deep breaths to calm herself down before marching into the hospital.
Her initial plan was to look for Cory in the lobby to gather information on the current situation.
However, Cory was nowhere to be seen. She searched everywhere and tried calling his phone, but it didn’t get through.
Awave of fury crashed through Aubree as she kept her phone. Clenching her jaw, she strode into the elevator.
I can still deal with Lucian and that b*tch even without Cory’s tip.
Upstairs, the kids were whispering among themselves in the ward next to Roxanne’s.
Benny asked worriedly, “I wonder how Mommy is doing.”
Archie gave his arm a reassuring pat. Turning to look at Estella, he replied, “Mr. Farwell is with her, so she'll be fine.” Although he did not witness it himself, he knew that Lucian must have gone back to keep Roxanne company. Benny nodded slowly and relaxed.
Archie added, “But we can’t miss the opportunity!”
The kids knew what he was referring to.
Their eyes sparkled at his words, but the happiness was soon replaced by frowns. 
###Chapter 1198
Chapter 1198
Chapter 1198 Benny asked adorably, “But Mommy is still sick. What can we do?” /f we tell Mommy we like Mr. Farwell, she'll get all emotional. | don’t want her to fall sick again.
Archie’s expression was stern as he turned to look at Estella. “Since Mommy is sick, let’s talk to Mr. Farwell first. Did you see how worried Mr. Farwell was? | believe he still loves Mommy!”
It was up to Estella to convince Lucian.
Estella quickly understood what he meant. She nodded firmly. “I'll go find Daddy now!”
She spun on her heels to carry out the deed.
Archie grabbed her hand and frowned. “You can’t just leave now!”
He knew Lucian would tell them to stay out of his business if they were to ask him directly.
We have to come up with something smart!
The kids gathered around and started whispering to each other.
A few minutes later, Estella opened the door, her eyes all red.
“Ms. Estella!” Cayden came over to her, looking concerned. “Why are you still up? Can’t you sleep?” Estella nodded sadly and mumbled, “Daddy.”
Cayden knelt down to meet her gaze. “Do you want to see Mr. Farwell?”
Estella gave a firm nod.
Seeing that, Cayden stood up and knocked on the door of Roxanne’s ward.
Shortly after, Lucian walked out.
His brows knitted together when he saw Estella standing outside. “What’s wrong?”
Estella flung her arms around Lucian’s legs and sobbed, “I want Ms. Jarvis. | want her.”
Lucian’s gaze turned dark as he glanced in the direction of Roxanne’s ward.
She was already asleep when he came out, so he didn’t want Estella to head in and disturb her rest.
Estella was a pretty good actress. Her voice was choking as she said, “I dreamed that Ms. Jarvis didn’t want me anymore. And...”
Tears streamed down her cheeks as she trailed off sadly. A deep line appeared between Lucian’s brows, and he urged, “And what else?”
“Mommy...” Estella choked out. “I dreamed about Mommy.”
Lucian’s gaze darkened when he heard her words.
He recalled that Estella had addressed Roxanne as “Mommy” some time ago, and now she dreamed of her mother. What are the odds? Is it because they are related by blood?
With that thought in mind, he blurted out, “Why did you call Roxanne ‘Mommy’ earlier?”
Estella was truly concerned about Roxanne, so her tears weren’t actually faked as she was showing her real emotions.
Hearing Lucian’s question, Estella promptly wrapped her arms around his neck and sobbed, “I want Ms. Jarvis to be my mommy! Daddy, don’t be mad at her. | don’t want her to get sick!”
Everyone was shocked that Roxanne had fallen ill, including Lucian, so he could understand Estella’s feelings. Lucian’s thoughts were in a flurry after he heard Estella’s heartfelt words. He wanted nothing more than to say yes, but he remembered how Roxanne tried to avoid him.
| took great care of her, but she still wants to stay away from me. 
###Chapter 1199
Chapter 1199
“Lucian!”
Just when Lucian was hesitating over how he should reply to Estella, the lift suddenly stopped on the top floor, and Aubree walked out.
Upon hearing Aubree’s voice, Estella turned around to look at her, teary-eyed, before turning back to hug Lucian quickly.
Estella’s face was flushed with all her crying, and she looked incredibly upset.
Upon seeing that, Aubree felt a sense of resentment.
She knew without thinking it must be because of Roxanne that Estella was bawling her eyes out.
| didn’t expect Essie to be so reliant on that b*tch!”
At the same time, Aubree also felt relieved.
If Essie is crying so badly, that means Roxanne is probably still unconscious.
Seeing the myriad of emotions flashing across her face, Lucian frowned in displeasure and asked, “Why are you here?” before turning back to look suspiciously at Cayden.
Cayden immediately shook his head to show he didn’t leak their location to Aubree. He also wanted to know why Aubree showed up.
After gathering her thoughts, Aubree smiled nonchalantly and replied, “You haven't returned even though it’s so late, and Cayden also went to fetch Essie late at night. | was worried something happened to you two, so | followed Cayden’s car and came here.”
Then, she looked pretentiously at Lucian and asked, “You aren’t angry at me for coming here on my own accord, right? | was just too worried about you.”
Lucian gazed at her scrutinizingly with no emotion on his face while Cayden stood beside him, confused.
| worked under Mr. Farwell for so many years, so | can tell whether someone is tailing me. | didn’t sense any car following me when | drove over here. Perhaps | missed it because | was too worried about Ms. Jarvis?
After staring at Aubree for a while, Lucian did not see any sign that something was off about her. Naturally, he did not believe what she said, but it wasn’t time to look into the matter now. Aubree clenched her hands and seemed to still have many things she wanted to say.
However, Lucian didn’t plan on paying her any attention.
“When | went to the hospital, | met the director, and | heard him say Ms. Jarvis got into an accident, so you're here to take care of her,” Aubree began after mustering her courage.
It was a feeble excuse, but she couldn’t think of anything else.
Lucian’s eyes darkened. “He told you that?”
Immediately, Aubree hurriedly corrected, “No, | accidentally heard it, so | rushed over. How is Ms. Jarvis now?” Then, she tried to walk around Lucian to enter the ward and take a look.
/ will only feel assured when | see with my own eyes that that b*tch is unconscious!
However, she had only taken one step forward when Lucian blocked her way.
Startled, Aubree stopped in her tracks embarrassedly. “Lucian, don’t misunderstand. | mean no harm to Ms. Jarvis. We know each other, and now she’s sick and hospitalized, and I’m coincidentally at the hospital, so | should visit her out of courtesy.”
As soon as she finished speaking, Estella’s voice rang out. “No!” she sobbed as tears streamed down her face. Aubree froze, and a hint of anger appeared in her eyes, shattering her pretense, but she quickly suppressed it.
“Essie, I’m just going in to take a look. | may even be of some help if need be,” she declared, grinning as she gazed at Estella who was in front of her. 
###Chapter 1200
Chapter 1200
As Lucian was holding Estella, the latter’s body was twisted awkwardly to face Aubree. Estella spread her chubby arms wide and held them in front of Aubree.
“You're not allowed to go in! | don’t want you!”
Daddy and Ms. Jarvis’s relationship finally improved after much difficulty. / don’t want this evil woman to affect their relationship again. Every time Daddy argued with Ms. Jarvis, this nasty woman would always stick her nose into their business because she didn’t want Daddy to get together with Ms. Jarvis!
Seeing Estella block her way for Roxanne’s sake, Aubree was furious, but she didn’t dare throw a tantrum and could only clench her hands to try to suppress her anger.
“Essie, do you not want Ms. Jarvis to get better soon? Don’t forget that my family knows a lot of doctors. | can get them to treat Ms. Jarvis’ illness,” Aubree patiently persuaded.
However, Estella was not moved. Glaring at Aubree, she declared, “Ms. Jarvis has already recovered. She doesn’t need any more treatments!”
After what had just happened, Estella was immensely sensitive to the word “illness,” so after she heard Aubree’s words, she flew into a fit of rage.
Aubree’s face fell when she sensed Estella’s abrupt anger, and she looked at Lucian, perplexed. “Lucian, | meant well. What do you think...”
Lucian threw her a glance and replied in an impassive tone, “There’s no need for you to worry. It’s late. You should go back and rest.”
Seeing that Lucian was also preventing her from entering the ward, Aubree clenched her jaw so tightly that her teeth hurt.
Still, she tried to persuade Lucian to leave, not giving up, “Then let’s leave together. You and Ms. Jarvis aren’t close anyway, and you've helped her enough. If you're still worried, | can hire an experienced caregiver for her. If word gets out that you stayed with her for the entire night, it will affect your reputation badly.”
As Lucian had a long, tiring day at work, he was feeling irritated, so his face immediately darkened upon hearing Aubree persistently asking him to leave.
“Word won’t get out! Even if it did, Ms. Jarvis saved Essie twice, so | should take care of her to repay her. No one will dare to say anything!”
Not expecting such words, Aubree was stunned.
“Do you have anything else to say?” Lucian asked, shooting her an icy glance.
only shake her head silently.
“Then you can return.” Lucian turned back indifferently.
Estella also retracted her arm and hugged Lucian’s neck, showing Aubree the back of her head. Gazing at their backs, Aubree clenched her hands even tighter.
After a moment, she squeezed out a semblance of a smile and answered, “Then, I'll go back first. It’s late. Don’t stay up too late taking care of her. Rest early.”
Then, she turned to leave.
Suddenly, Lucian’s voice sounded behind her.
“Did you go and see Roxanne again on the day she visited Essie?”
Lucian was deeply bothered by what Benny said before the latter stopped himself. Immediately, Aubree froze in her tracks, terrified.
Did Lucian find out what / did that day?
Immediately, she forced herself to calm down.
According to his personality, if he really knew something, he would immediately take action. He won't be questioning me like now. It’s the same as the time | hit Essie.
At that thought, Aubree replied, pretending to be confused, “What are you saying? | have no reason to go and see her again. We have already made things clear before you.” 
###Chapter 1201
Chapter 1201
Fearing that Lucian could pick something up from her expression, Aubree didn’t dare to turn around when she talked. Although she was back facing Lucian, she could still feel Lucian’s stern gaze on her. After some time, Lucian said, “Go home.”
Aubree heaved a sigh of relief inwardly, and only then did she have the guts to turn around and smile at Lucian. “All right. | shall go home first. Take good care of Ms. Jarvis. If you need anything, feel free to call me.”
Lucian merely nodded in response. Right then, the elevator arrived at their floor. Aubree said bye to Lucian and went in. As the doors of the elevator closed, the smile on Aubree’s face gradually faded.
By the time the elevator started descending, Aubree’s expression was utterly grim. That b*tch, Roxanne, is awake! Besides, Lucian is still staying overnight to look after her! He even brought Essie with him! When | broke my arm protecting Sonya back then, he didn’t even care about me that much! It seems like he and that b*stard, Essie, are still all over that b*tch! How silly of me to treat that little b*stard with love and respect all this while. In the end, she still cares about Roxanne!
Aubree exploded in rage when she recalled the attitudes shown by Lucian and his daughter. I’ve wasted my time all this while, and this is all Roxanne’s fault! That b*tch! | must think of a way to get rid of her for good!
A vicious look crept over Aubree’s face when she thought of that. The elevator soon came to a halt on the first floor. The moment Aubree exited the elevator, she bumped into Cory.
When they saw each other, Aubree’s expression turned even more hostile. On the other hand, Cory raised his eyebrows slightly in surprise.
“How dare you showed up?” Aubree roared.
Cory shrugged and looked around before saying, “That’s not important. It seems like you have something to say to me, Ms. Pearson. This isn’t the right place for that.”
With that, he turned around and walked toward a quiet corner before Aubree could utter a word in response.
Upon seeing that, Aubree gritted her teeth and followed behind him.
Cory was extremely cautious when he walked. At the same time, he was keeping a distance between Aubree and himself. They both came to a stop outside a restroom on the first floor, one after another.
Aubree’s expression darkened when she saw Cory waiting for her inside the male restroom.
Instead of saying anything, Cory waited for her silently.
Awhile later, Aubree clenched her jaw and entered the male restroom. “What do you want from me?” she asked.
Cory took a cleaning signboard and put it at the door before turning around to look at her. “What do | want from you? Shouldn’t | be asking that question, Ms. Pearson?”
Aubree furrowed her brows in response. With fury written all over her face, she yelled, “I called you! Why didn’t you pick up?”
“Oh! My phone died coincidentally. | didn’t expect you to act so rashly, Ms. Pearson. It seems like you already know about Roxanne’s condition. Am | right, Ms. Pearson?” Cory raised his brows.
Aubree’s expression turned solemn at the mention of Roxanne. “She has woken up!”
Surprise flashed across Cory’s eyes when he heard those words. Based on Aubree’s expression, | guess | should’ve seen it coming.
“I need you to do me another favor!” There was a hint of hostility in Aubree’s eyes when she looked at Cory.
Has she gone mad? Cory grew slightly anxious when he saw her facial expression. In a wary tone, Cory asked, “What do you want me to do?” 
###Chapter 1202
Chapter 1202
“Help me kill that b*tch!” Aubree stared deeply into Cory’s eyes. | can’t wait any longer! Roxanne must die! “Have you gone mad?” Cory stared at her incredulously when he heard those words.
Cory was merely a private investigator who was good at stalking and investigating. Generally speaking, private investigators were timid and cautious.
Although Cory turned out to be an exception because he preferred tough missions like stalking Roxanne while risking being caught by Lucian, that didn’t mean he had the guts to commit murder.
Even though it wasn’t an impossible task to kill someone in front of Lucian, Cory knew he was bound to get caught if he were to do it.
“Help me kill her. | can give you whatever you want in return!” Aubree’s eyes were filled with madness. “She must die!” Cory frowned, and he wanted to get out of there. If | stay here any longer, Aubree is going to say something even crazier.
Before he could run away, Aubree held his wrist and uttered in a cold tone, “Don’t run! We're in the same boat, remember? You played a part in me poisoning those b*stards! If Lucian were to find out about it, do you think he’s going to let you live?”
Cory froze and shot her an icy glance. “Are you threatening me?”
“I'm just telling the truth! Do you think we would be able to escape punishment if Roxanne were to end up marrying Lucian? The only way out of this is to let me take that spot! In other words, Roxanne must die!” Aubree sneered.
In that instant, silence descended upon the restroom. As Cory was looking at the person before him, he wanted nothing more than to kill her.
“Help me,” Aubree said in an alluring tone. “If you help me, | can pay you however much you want. Once you've done it, I'll send you abroad immediately. Lucian wouldn't even look for you. If he does, he wouldn’t be able to find dirt on you!”
Cory gritted his teeth and mulled over the matter carefully. In the end, he uttered through gritted teeth, “I can’t do it. Find a professional killer to do it for you.”
Aubree unhesitatingly rejected him, “I know you can do it! | only trust you!”
Evidently, Aubree, Cory, and Frieda were all in the same boat. In order to save themselves, they had to make sure Aubree became Lucian’s wife.
Aubree knew that was their common interest.
Cory was at his wits’ end. He didn’t dare to reject Aubree after he saw the crazy look in her eyes. Hence, he decided to shake her off by saying, “I'll have to think about it first. Once I’ve done that, I'll get back to you.”
Upon hearing that, Aubree stared at him suspiciously for a few seconds before letting him go reluctantly.
When they were exiting the restroom, Aubree’s phone rang.
At that point, Aubree wasn’t as agitated anymore. After all, Cory had just told her he would consider it. She then whipped out her phone and saw that it was a call from Frieda. Why is she calling at such an hour?
Aubree answered the phone with a frown.
The moment she did that, she heard Frieda saying, “Aubree, where are you? Did you know something happened to Roxanne? Lucian is with her now!”
Prior to that, Frieda was already getting ready to go to bed, but she suddenly saw Jonathan coming out of his room anxiously while being on the phone.
Initially, she chose to ignore him. However, she heard Jonathan mentioning Roxanne, so she decided to listen in.
After hearing about the matter, she called Aubree right away. 
###Chapter 1203
Chapter 1203
Aubree had finally forgotten about the matter but Frieda’s words ignited a fire in the pit of her stomach again. “| knew it! He is at the hospital!” Frieda breathed a sigh of relief and asked in concern, “How is the situation now? What is going on with Lucian?”
She thought with Lucian allowing Aubree to take care of Estella meant he had marriage in mind, but no one could have predicted something like that would happen to Roxanne.
Old flame might rekindle if this was not handled properly!
Aubree gave Cory a sideway look and replied coldly, “Roxanne is awake, and Lucian is upstairs with her. Get here, and let's talk since Cory is also here.”
Frieda eventually agreed after a moment of hesitation.
At the Queen residence, Jonathan learned of Roxanne’s coma from his employee who had delivered medicine to her research institute. He deliberated over it before calling Lucian to inform him that he would be paying her a visit at the hospital.
He noticed Frieda hurrying out of the house when he got into the car.
“I'm coming with you, Jonathan.” She wore a look of concern on her face. “I want to see Lucian.”
Jonathan remembered her enmity toward Roxanne and hesitated.
Frieda continued, “I’m not there for Roxanne, only to see how Lucian is holding up, so why are you worried?” After hearing her response, he relented and allowed her to enter the car.
Although Frieda claimed she was not going for Roxanne, she kept pressing Jonathan for details about Roxanne during the entire car ride, and he only gave her perfunctory replies.
The conversation lulled, and she eventually stopped talking.
The car soon pulled up next to the hospital entrance. Jonathan exited the vehicle and entered the hospital with long strides. Frieda lagged behind, craning her head to look for Aubree while walking.
“What are you doing standing there?” he urged as the elevator arrived.
She whirled around and flashed an airy smile. “You can head up first. | will leave you guys alone since | know you want some privacy to talk to Lucian. Give me a call as soon as you are done.”
Then, she sensibly took a step back. Jonathan did want to speak privately with Lucian, so he unceremoniously pressed the button to close the elevator door.
Frieda’s expression fell as soon as the elevator doors closed, and she turned around to give Aubree a call.
Soon, the three of them met at a coffee shop next to the hospital. “How is the situation, Aubree?” Frieda hurriedly took a seat opposite her with a solemn expression.
Aubree replied irritably, “I told Lucian to come home with me, but he declined and wanted to spend the night taking care of that b*tch!”
Frieda’s mood grew heavier.
She knew that Lucian and Roxanne would never break off that easily, but she had not expected them to get in contact so soon or that he would go out of his way for her.
| didn’t see him putting in that much effort when Aubree was hurt. “What do you plan to do now?” Frieda pressed, noticing Cory’s strange expression to what she had just said, which she ignored. “I'm going to kill her!” came Aubree’s vehement answer.
Frieda froze and stared at her in disbelief. 
###Chapter 1204
Chapter 1204
“Lucian will never notice me as long as that b*tch is still alive!” There was nothing but craziness in Aubree’s eyes. “Besides, he already suspects me. It won’t be long before he finds out what happened if she fans the flames.”
Lucian already suspects her? Frieda and Cory’s expressions shifted. “Why do you think so?” Frieda asked.
Cory’s face hardened. “You didn’t tell me about that!”
He might have behaved differently if he had known Lucian was onto them.
Aubree paid no heed to their responses and continued, “I don’t know what that b*tch did to Essie, but it was annoying when Essie cried and screamed after finding out she was sick.”
| will have my revenge on that little b*tch when | am married into the Farwell family.
Frieda was puzzled at the mention of Estella. “Didn’t you say your relationship with Essie has improved? Why is she still reliant on Roxanne?”
Aubree became irate. “That b*tch snuck off to the kindergarten to see Essie! Lucian would not have suspected me if it weren't for what happened that day!”
The three of them looked at each other. Frieda finally spoke after a lengthy silence, “Roxanne is our biggest threat now, but talking about murder is outrageous.”
Aubree gave her a peeved look. “What would you have me do, then? Give up what | have now and wait until Lucian finds out it was us behind everything?”
Frieda sensed Aubree’s fury seething and smiled placatingly. “I understand your concern. None of us wants to be implicated, but we are left with no choice once we commit murder. Besides, Roxanne still commands significant influence in the medical field.”
We will be in deep water when her unexpected death rouses suspicion. I’m not following Aubree down the path of insanity!
Frieda fought a surge of annoyance at Aubree and continued earnestly, “We still have ways to keep them apart. There is no need to take such a huge risk.”
Aubree frowned. “You have other ideas?”
“Don't forget that Roxanne is close with Jack, and we still haven’t yet taken advantage of that.” Frieda’s eyes glinted with a cold light.
Jack...
A thoughtful look crossed Aubree’s face as she contemplated their relationship.
Indeed, | haven't really given it a thought. Maybe Roxanne’s poisoning is an opportunity granted by God! Both of their line of thought coincided.
“Now that Roxanne is in the hospital, Mr. Damaris should be beside himself with worry. Why don’t we nudge things along by having him visit her?” Frieda suggested slowly.
Aubree already had her phone out when she finished speaking and typing out a text to Jack. Frieda drew in a relieved breath when Aubree’s homicidal intentions were momentarily diverted.
One could only hope that she would not do anything rash that would take them down with her, but Frieda was still cautious. “Don't worry, Aubree. No matter what, you still have Mr. Zaythrone and me. Roxanne is all alone and would not be a match against us. You will be Mrs. Farwell one day!”
Aubree could almost taste revenge at the thought of Jack showing up later and nodded firmly at Frieda. 
###Chapter 1205
Chapter 1205
On the other hand, Jonathan had made it to the top floor. Lucian was waiting outside the ward after sending Estella back to her ward. “How is Dr. Jarvis now? How did she get poisoned all of a sudden?”
Jonathan had been to Roxanne’s research institute, so he knew full well that the personnel and equipment there were up to safety standards.
As such, he believed a poisoning incident like this shouldn’t even happen at all.
Since Lucian was facing his own friend, he was able to drop his guard and said in an exhausted voice, “I’m not sure. She doesn’t know how it happened either.”
Jonathan decided not to press on when he saw the frustrated look in Lucian’s eyes. “May | visit her?”
Lucian glanced at the ward and hesitated for a bit before nodding in response. “I’m not sure if she’s awake, but you can go in and see her if you'd like.”
Roxanne’s mind was filled with Lucian’s words from earlier, so she was wide awake when the two of them entered the ward. Unsure of how she would face Lucian, she decided to avoid him by closing her eyes and pretending to be asleep.
“Dr. Jarvis?” Jonathan called out to her softly.
Realizing that he was here to visit her, Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds before opening her eyes. “Mr. Queen?”
Jonathan breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that she was awake. “Oh, thank goodness! | was about to leave because | thought you were asleep.”
Roxanne let out a nervous chuckle and tried her best to avoid looking at Lucian, who was standing next to him.
Naturally, Lucian had seen through what she was thinking and kept quiet as he stood there.
“How are you feeling?” Jonathan asked worriedly.
Roxanne flashed him a grateful smile as she replied, “I’m all right. Just a little tired, that’s all. Sorry for making you worry.”
Jonathan frowned slightly when he heard that. “Oh, come on, there’s no need for you to apologize! | didn’t dare tell my grandfather about this because | doubt his heart can take it. You may think of this as me visiting you on his behalf. | came here in a hurry, so | didn’t have time to buy you a gift basket or anything.”
Roxanne burst out laughing when she heard that.
“By the way, do you really not know how this incident happened?” Jonathan continued.
Roxanne lowered her gaze and shook her head in response.
She felt as though someone had caused it, but the experiment was only managed by Jack, Colby, and herself.
Jack was a member of the Damaris family and the person in charge of the experiment, so he had no reason to sabotage it. Having known Colby for many years, Roxanne knew he was a dependable person and didn’t think he would do such a thing either.
Besides, Colby was the first to notice something was wrong with the experiment, so it was unlikely that he had sabotaged it. Jonathan stared at her doubtfully as he figured Roxanne would surely know something about it.
However, he also knew that he was in no position to press her for answers if she didn’t feel like talking.
After a few seconds of awkward silence, Jonathan let out a casual chuckle and said, “This sure is a mystery! Well, since this incident occurred in your research institute, I'll let you handle it when you're all better. For now, all you have to do is focus on making a speedy recovery!”
Roxanne simply forced a smile at him in response.
“All right, I'll be taking my leave now so you can get some rest,” Jonathan continued and waved goodbye at her. Roxanne nodded and watched as he walked out the door.
Her gaze then fell upon Lucian as she wondered if he was the one to get Jonathan to ask her those questions earlier. Lucian, who was on his way out of the ward as well, paused and turned around when he noticed her staring at him.
Realizing that he had caught her in the act, Roxanne quickly retracted her gaze and pulled the blanket over herself to hide her awkwardness. 
###Chapter 1206
Chapter 1206
“Lucian, | think there’s more to this than meets the eye,” Jonathan said when he stepped out of the ward.
He still believed that someone must have sabotaged the experiment, but he couldn’t think of anyone in the research institute who hated Roxanne enough to do such a thing.
The look in Lucian’s eyes turned gloomy as he replied, “I feel the same way, but now isn’t the time to pursue this matter.” All that mattered to him at the moment was helping Roxanne get better as soon as possible.
Jonathan nodded. “I know what you’re concerned about, but this isn’t entirely a bad thing.”
Lucian frowned in confusion when he heard that.
Jonathan flashed him a meaningful smile as he said, “The last time we had a drink, you told me that you wanted to break up with Dr. Jarvis. | wonder how do you feel about that now?”
Lucian let out a sigh and said in a deep voice, “Regardless of what | feel, this isn’t a decision | can make on my own.” I've done so much for Roxanne, and yet, she doesn’t seem to be warming up to me at all.
“At the very least, you are now certain of the place that Dr. Jarvis holds in your heart. Well? Do you think you can let her go?” Jonathan asked with an eyebrow arched.
Lucian shuddered when he heard that.
Am | really able to let Roxanne go? | still remember how | felt when | saw her unconscious today. | really haven't gotten over her...
Jonathan breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the changes in Lucian’s expressions and knew he had confirmed his feelings toward Roxanne.
“Anyway, I’m glad to see that Dr. Jarvis is okay. You need to put extra effort into ensuring her safety.” Regardless of why the culprit sabotaged the experiment, it was highly likely that they would strike again. As such, everyone would have to keep their guard up at all times.
Lucian nodded with a solemn look on his face. “I will.”
Jonathan gave him a pat on the shoulder. “Dr. Jarvis needs someone to keep her company, so you should head back inside. I'll take my leave now to avoid disturbing you two. Is there anything else you need my help with?”
Lucian flashed him a grateful smile as he replied, “The kids are in the ward next door. I’m guessing they’re still awake right now. | had them come over in a hurry, so they probably haven’t eaten. Could you help take them out for a meal?”
Jonathan agreed to his request without any hesitation whatsoever.
Lucian made his way over to the adjacent ward and knocked on it.
Sure enough, the kids were all wide awake at the time.
Archie came running out of the ward the moment he knocked on the door. “What is it, Mr. Farwell? Did something happen to Mommy?”
Lucian felt his heartache when he saw how worried Archie looked. He gave him a reassuring pat on the head and said, “Your mommy is doing fine. Since you three haven't eaten, | am thinking of having Mr. Queen here take you kids out for a meal.”
Archie shook his head and turned him down without any hesitation. “No, we want to stay here with Mommy!”
As Lucian wasn't good at coaxing children, he didn’t know what else to say to them.
Jonathan patted him on the shoulder and whispered, “Let me talk to them.”
After giving it some thought, Lucian reluctantly stepped aside and let him into the ward.
Jonathan then knelt beside Archie and said, “Mr. Farwell treats your mommy really well, doesn’t he? Do you guys like him?” Archie nodded hesitantly in response.
Jonathan flashed him a smile as he suggested, “In that case, shall we head out and give the two of them some privacy?” 
###Chapter 1207
Chapter 1207
Lucian couldn’t hear what Jonathan told them, but he did notice the rapid change in their facial expressions. It didn’t take long before Jonathan successfully convinced the kids to go with him.
“I'll take the kids out for a meal and bring them back here in a bit. You should go keep Dr. Jarvis company!” he said with all three of the kids standing next to him.
Lucian nodded. “Thanks a lot.” Jonathan simply let out a casual chuckle and led the kids into the elevator.
There was still a hint of doubt in Lucian’s eyes as he watched the elevator doors close, but he figured it would be safe to entrust Jonathan with the kids.
After taking a few seconds to recollect himself, Lucian turned around and made his way into the ward.
Unbeknownst to him, Roxanne had heard his footsteps from inside the ward. Realizing that Lucian was coming in alone this time, she quickly closed her eyes and pretended to be asleep.
“I've been doing a lot of thinking. | can’t force you to accept me after this incident, but Archie and Benny need a father,” Lucian said in a deep voice.
Roxanne felt tense up out of fear of what he would say next.
“If you won't let me be their father, then | can help you find their biological father instead. At the very least, I’ll make sure he fulfills his responsibilities as their father,” Lucian continued.
Roxanne’s eyes shot open when she heard that.
| won't be able to keep their true identities a secret if Lucian decides to investigate! | can’t afford to lose them!
She opened her mouth and was about to say something but got cut off by a sudden splitting headache.
“What's wrong?” Lucian asked when he saw that she was in pain.
Roxanne had both arms wrapped around her head.
She knew that she had accidentally gotten emotional before making a full recovery, which would result in a splitting headache. However, she was unable to tell him about it.
The next thing she knew, Lucian had placed a hand on her shoulder, which made her feel a lot better.
As though it would transfer her pain over to him, Roxanne instinctively grabbed onto his hand and squeezed as hard as she could.
It pained Lucian deeply to see her in so much pain.
He then sat down on the side of her bed and hugged her tightly with one arm. Using his other arm, he grabbed his phone and called Zayne.
Fortunately, the call got through fairly quickly.
“Have the specialists come over immediately!” Lucian ordered coldly while enduring the pain in his hand.
Although they were speaking on the phone, Zayne was still terrified by his icy-cold tone of voice and agreed to his request ina heartbeat.
Lucian hung up the phone after that and whispered in Roxanne’s ear, “I've summoned the doctors. They should be here any minute now, so just hang in there for a bit. Do not fall asleep, you hear me?”
Roxanne tightened her grip on his hand and instinctively nuzzled against his chest. She felt as though her body was being torn apart by the intense pain.
“| won't investigate them if you don’t want me to. | just want you to be all right!” Lucian muttered through clenched teeth.
Roxanne felt as though her headache got a little less intense when she buried her face in his chest and filled her nose with his scent. However, she was still in too much pain to say anything in response.
The door to her ward opened all of a sudden, and she soon heard the sound of hurried footsteps approaching.
Lucian then let go of her shoulder and got ready to leave. 
###Chapter 1208
Chapter 1208
Realizing that he was about to leave her, Roxanne instinctively reached out and grabbed his arm.
Lucian’s presence was her only source of comfort while she was in great pain, so the thought of him leaving filled her heart with fear and anxiousness.
Everyone in the ward was shocked by her actions. Lucian felt a huge wave of emotions crashing against his heart.
As though he were coaxing a child, Lucian said in a gentle tone, “Roxanne, you need to let the doctors take a look at you so that the headache will go away soon. Don’t worry for | will be standing right next to you. The doctors can’t examine you if you don’t let go.”
The specialists exchanged glances as they realized something was off about the relationship between the two. Roxanne slowly let go of Lucian after hearing what he said, but she kept her gaze on him the whole time.
With a worried frown on his face, Lucian stood in the corner of the ward and told the specialists, “Please proceed to examine
her. The specialists then got to work and began their examination.
As Roxanne’s reaction was really intense, they could imagine her pain just by looking at her.
“This headache was caused by a strong surge of emotions. The patient has been trying to keep her emotions in check.”
After completing the examination, the specialist looked at Lucian and said solemnly, “However, the headache response will last quite some time. | suggest we give her an injection for the pain.”
The look in Lucian’s eyes turned gloomy when he heard that.
Astrong surge of emotions? Was it because | said | would look for Archie and Benny's biological father? Is that why she stayed up the whole time? Does she care about that man so much?
“Mr. Farwell?” the specialist pressed on when he didn’t receive an answer. Having been snapped out of his train of thought, Lucian nodded and replied, “Go ahead.” The specialists started making the arrangements after getting his approval to proceed.
Although it was a relatively simple task that could be performed by any other nurse, the specialists didn’t dare let a nurse do it as Lucian was watching from the side.
Instead, they let the most skilled specialist on the team administer the injection. Roxanne’s headache clearly subsided after the injection.
The specialists then advised Lucian on what to look out for before leaving the ward. Roxanne was feeling incredibly embarrassed as she lay weakly on the bed.
Her head was still aching slightly, but she could clearly remember what she did to Lucian earlier.
Since it was just the two of them in the ward, she didn’t dare open her eyes as she didn’t know how she would face him. “I'm sorry. | didn’t know you’d react so strongly to that,” Lucian’s voice rang out next to her ear.
Roxanne’s eyelids fluttered as she felt her headache start to worsen again.
Before her condition got worse, she slowly opened her eyes and said, “Well, you know now, so stop talking about it.” Lucian frowned slightly. “Again, I'm sorry. | should’ve been more careful.”
“I'm tired. Please leave, Mr. Farwell,” Roxanne mumbled and closed her eyes again.
She wanted Lucian to leave her alone, and the injection was making her feel somewhat uncomfortable too.
As Roxanne was a lot more vulnerable while she was unwell, Lucian could easily see right through her lies.
After staring at her for a bit, Lucian realized she wasn’t pretending this time. His heart sank when he recalled how she was. unconscious earlier that afternoon. 
###Chapter 1209
Chapter 1209
“Roxanne?”
Lucian’s heart wrenched as he walked over to the hospital bed and called out softly to the person lying there.
However, Roxanne’s eyelids were heavy. She wanted to respond but lacked the energy. Sleep was all she wished for.
Lucian grew increasingly gloomy as she became more drowsy.
After a long time, he angrily opened the ward door and glared at the specialist waiting outside.
“M-Mr. Farwell...”
One of the specialists had stayed behind and waited outside the door just in case, following Roxanne’s sudden headache earlier. The specialist did not expect that he would have to face the furious Lucian alone, and he shuddered internally.
Lucian’s face clouded over. “What injection did you give her? Why is she so sleepy after the shot?” he asked.
When the specialist heard that, he exhaled in relief before assuring him, “Well, this is because Ms. Jarvis was tormented by pain for the whole day and also suffered a drastic change of emotions earlier, we added some sedatives to the painkiller injection so she can get a good rest.”
The mood swings would stop as soon as she fell asleep. That was the most effective solution they could come up with. Only after hearing that did Lucian’s expression soften. “We acted on our own and forgot to inform you. Sorry for making you worry,” the specialist apologized sheepishly.
Lucian immediately felt a weight lifted off his chest again. After learning that she would fall asleep, the cumulative exhaustion of the day seemed to hit him all at once. “It’s fine. Your solution is excellent,” he responded while waving a dismissive hand at the specialist.
With that, he spun around and entered the ward again. At that moment, Roxanne’s consciousness was drifting away.
However, she was afraid of sinking into deep unconsciousness once more because of the poisoning symptoms, so she restrained herself from dozing off.
Thus, she could vaguely hear some footsteps. As they got closer, she gradually tensed up.
Lucian’s eyes flashed with pain as he stood still beside the hospital bed and looked down at the anguish on her face. Roxanne could sense the visitor standing by the bed for some time without moving.
She could not help but feel a little uneasy and even wondered if the person standing next to her was Lucian.
Just as she was panicking, a large hand suddenly touched her cheek.
Her heart lurched, and she instinctively wanted to push his hand away, but she lacked the strength to do so.
The next moment, she heard Lucian slowly uttering beside her ear, “Go ahead and sleep. I’ve checked with the doctor. He has added sedatives to the painkiller injection, so don’t worry about passing out for a long time. As for the children, | have asked Jonathan to take them out for a meal. They'll be back in a bit.”
Roxanne began to slowly relax once more after hearing his voice.
Following his words, she finally let her guard down, yielded to the effect of the sedatives, and let herself fall into a deep sleep. As her eyes were closed and her consciousness hazy, she did not notice how close his voice was to her.
Lucian hunched over with a hand on the side of her face. He brought his lips close to her ear to ensure that she could hear him. Coupled with the dim lights in the ward, anyone would assume from their position that they were an intimate couple.
Awhile later, Lucian slowly straightened his back after confirming that Roxanne was asleep. However, his hand was still on her cheek, and he could not resist caressing it twice.
Even though she was asleep, he could not help but feel a rush of satisfaction as he watched her sleep. 
###Chapter 1210
Chapter 1210
Meanwhile, Jonathan brought the three children out of the hospital.
He was familiar with the surroundings as he often visited all the hospitals for inspection, so he took them to a nearby fast-food restaurant.
They had just reached the entrance of the café next door when they bumped into three people coming out of it.
Alook of panic flashed across Frieda’s and Aubree’s faces, and they instinctively glanced in Cory’s direction because they were not sure if Jonathan had ever met him.
If Jonathan is also involved in the investigation of Cory, then we really won't be able to hide the truth. However, Cory was much calmer than the two of them.
When he saw Jonathan, he did not even stop and walked straight past Aubree and Frieda, acting as if they were strangers who just happened to come out of the café together.
He did it so naturally that Jonathan did not spare it further thought but just looked at the two people in front of him with furrowed brows.
“Jonathan.” “Hi” They both bit the bullet and greeted him out of guilt.
Jonathan cocked his head slightly before saying ambiguously, “What a coincidence! | was wondering why you hadn’t come up sooner, Frieda. | see that it’s because you have met a friend here.”
After saying that, he gave his sister a meaningful look.
Frieda nodded stiffly. “I didn’t know when you and Lucian would finish talking, so | thought of having a coffee outside while waiting, but | wasn’t expecting to run into Aubree.”
Jonathan shifted his gaze to Aubree and said casually, “It’s late. What are you doing here?”
Although she was displeased by his interrogative tone, she replied in a friendly manner to lower his guard, “I came over to have a look after learning that Lucian was in the hospital. | didn’t expect that it was Ms. Jarvis who was hospitalized. Since Lucian didn’t allow me to remain upstairs, | decided to have coffee here so that | could hurry over if he needed anything.”
Suspicion flashed across Jonathan’s eyes despite her words demonstrating her painstaking efforts toward Lucian.
I'm not sure if I’m overanalyzing this, but the fact that these two persons are present here at the same time feels like too much of a coincidence. However, Roxanne’s poisoning incident this time obviously had nothing to do with them.
He wanted to ask a few more questions, but Estella suddenly tugged at the hem of his clothes.
“I'm hungry.”
The little girl looked up at him pitifully.
When he met her gaze, Jonathan suddenly remembered what he was supposed to do and smiled apologetically at the children. “Sorry. | almost forgot about you all.”
After saying that, he bade Frieda and Aubree goodbye and took the three children into the fast-food restaurant next door. Aubree’s eyes were filled with menace as she stared at their retreating figures.
Frieda had told her long before that Jonathan had always supported Roxanne and Lucian’s relationship and even helped the latter devise plans to win her over.
But | didn’t anticipate that Jonathan would become suspicious of me because of that b*tch! We grew up together! What's so great about that b*tch that she can win over so many people?
Jealousy overcame Aubree, and she even felt the impulse to kill Roxanne again.
Frieda keenly sensed her emotional change and swiftly said, “Don’t mind my brother, Aubree. That's just the way he is. When you eventually marry into the Farwell family, make him regret it.”
She lowered her eyes to check the time after saying that. “We sent Mr. Damaris a message more than half an hour ago. Although the Damaris residence is far from town, he should be there soon since it’s been so long.” 
###Chapter 1211
Chapter 1211
Jonathan brought the children to the restaurant and ordered a bunch of food for them. However, they didn’t appear to have any appetite. “| thought you all were hungry?” Their reaction confounded Jonathan.
In response, Estella slowly took a bite of a dessert. I’m not hungry. | just don’t want to stay with that bad lady. Why is she still hanging around the hospital after Daddy asked her to leave?
Archie and Benny were also pretty distracted. They only left with Jonathan because they wanted to give their parents some private time.
Nonetheless, ever since they left the hospital, they started to regret their decision because they recalled their parents always argued whenever they spent time together.
They were afraid the same scenario would occur again. “You three aren’t actually hungry, am | right?” Jonathan grinned when he saw through them. In response, the children lowered their heads guiltily with tightened fists.
Atinge of confusion flashed past his eyes when he saw the children acting in the exact same way. Is it just me, or do they look like they were made from the same mold when viewed from this angle? Even their reaction when feeling guilty is identical. | know Roxanne gave birth to all three of them, but | feel like | can see Lucian’s childhood self in the boys. In that case, it may be a good thing if Lucian gets back together with Roxanne.
The look in his eyes turned softer as he asked, “Tell me the truth. You three want Mr. Farwell to stay with your mommy, right?” The children lowered their heads, staying quiet.
In the end, Archie carefully met Jonathan’s eyes and said, “Yes, we do. Mr. Farwell treats us well.”
Jonathan couldn’t help but tease the boys, “You know, | can treat you all well, too. See, | even brought you guys out here to eat.” The children were dumbstruck upon hearing that.
Amused, he patted their heads. “I’m kidding. I'm Mr. Farwell’s best friend. Don’t worry; | won’t snatch your mommy away from
him.” The children sighed in relief. “You know, I’ve got the same sentiment as you three. Let’s do our best together, okay?”
His revelation delighted the children.
Benny was the most excited as he celebrated in a small voice, “Yeah!”
Archie and Estella nodded.
Grinning, Jonathan said, “If you three are worried about them, finish the food quickly, and I'll send you all back.”
In response, the children beamed, put their thoughts away, and enjoyed the food.
Meanwhile, Jack’s car stopped in front of the hospital entrance before he exited the vehicle.
After double-checking the hospital’s name with the message he had received not long ago, he stepped into the building.
Roxanne was a very important partner of his, yet he allowed her to be harmed under his care again. It was only natural he would be worried about her.
That was especially the case as he was aware of how serious the symptoms of that gas poisoning could be.
Ever since Lucian took her away, he had been trying to find out where Lucian brought her to. 
###Chapter 1212
Chapter 1212
However, the search was difficult because Lucian was intentionally eluding Jack.
Jack couldn't find anything, even after looking into Lucian’s whereabouts for a day.
He couldn't reach Roxanne’s phone either.
Just as he was getting extremely concerned, he suddenly received an anonymous text telling him where she was.
Despite not knowing who the sender was or if the information was true, Jack still drove to the hospital in the middle of the night for an hour.
He was that determined to learn her fate.
Soon, the elevator arrived at the top floor of the hospital.
Upon stepping out of the elevator, he saw Cayden, who was guarding the entrance of a ward. With a cold expression, he questioned, “Where’s Lucian?”
Cayden was stunned for a moment before he greeted Jack politely. “Mr. Farwell is currently inside keeping Ms. Jarvis company, Mr. Damaris. She should be sleeping by now. | can help relay your message to her when she wakes up if you have anything you want to tell her. Just please don’t disturb her rest.”
As he spoke, he blocked Jack’s path to the ward.
Jack scowled and stepped toward Cayden. “Let me through.”
Grimacing, Cayden pleaded, “Please don’t put me in a difficult spot, Mr. Damaris. This is Mr. Farwell’s order.” “Then ask him to come out for a talk!” barked Jack.
Cayden remained still with a resigned countenance.
In response, Jack tried to walk around Cayden, but the latter moved accordingly to deny the former entry.
In the end, their interactions turned into a physical altercation.
It was agonizing for Cayden because he was getting roughed up by Jack.
Lucian told Cayden that no one was allowed entry without his permission.
However, Jack wasn’t an ordinary joe. Thus, even though Cayden was mandated to block Jack’s path, he couldn’t fight back. In the end, Cayden was the only one suffering.
Eventually, Jack pinned Cayden to the door and was about to open it.
In the next moment, the door was opened from the inside.
“What's going on?” Lucian stepped out of the room with a grim expression, which morphed into a scowl when he saw Jack. “Why are you here so late at night, Mr. Damaris?”
Then he closed the door and blocked the entrance with his body.
In response, Jack let go of Cayden and stared intently at Lucian. “Where’s Ms. Jarvis? How is she doing?”
Coldly, Lucian answered, “She’s doing fine. You don’t need to worry about her.” “Let me in! | want to see for myself!” Jack exclaimed resolutely.
Then he tried to barge into the ward again.
He took only one step forward before Cayden obstructed his entry once more. With Lucian around this time, Cayden wasn’t going to hold back anymore.
As Jack stared at the two, he contemplated his actions before recognizing he wasn’t going to win against them. Thus, he stopped.
In response, Cayden let down his guard.
“| wonder what Ms. Jarvis would think if she learns you're preventing me from visiting her, Mr. Farwell.” That was Jack’s attempt at a negotiation.
However, Lucian was unmoving. “She won't know.” Jack’s expression shifted slightly when he heard that. | can tell he means it.
“Even if she knows, nothing’s going to happen.” Lucian mocked, “Don’t forget, Mr. Damaris, you two are only business partners. Your late-night visit is clearly overstepping her boundaries.” 
###Chapter 1213
Chapter 1213
Roxanne was someone who knew how and when to keep a distance from others.
Even if she were to find out what happened that night, she would only assume that Lucian was being helpful by stopping Jack. Lucian was certain about that.
Jack paled.
“| just want to take a look at her. Also, there’s something | want to ask her about,” Jack said, wanting to find out more about the situation this time.
However, seemingly having read his mind, Lucian uttered, “The three of us are the only ones here. There’s no need for you to put up a show, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack frowned in confusion. “What are you talking about?”
“I've already gotten my men to look into it. There were only three people who were involved in this experiment at the research institute.” Lucian’s tone was cold as he spoke. “The other person has been working with Roxanne for many years. | doubt he has the need to do something stupid like this. Therefore, you’re the only suspect left.”
Jack was taken aback.
He never thought that someone would assume that he was the one who did something to the experiment despite how he was wrecked with worry about Roxanne for the entire day.
“Mr. Farwell, please remember that this is a project spearheaded by the Damaris family. Why would | do something like this?” Jack questioned, finding Lucian’s doubts hilarious.
Lucian furrowed his brows.
That was a question he had mulled over before.
Indeed, Jack did not seem like he had the motive to do this.
However, he still came to that conclusion in the end.
There were only three people in the experiment, and Jack was the only possible mastermind behind the incident.
When Jack realized that Lucian was still suspicious of him, he icily said, “Where is your evidence if you think that I’m the one behind this? People will laugh at you if they hear that you’ve been jumping to conclusions!”
“| will find the evidence,” Lucian promised, the temperature around him dropping.
Jack had to take in several deep breaths before he could calm himself down again. “Well, before you get it, please move aside, Mr. Farwell. | have the right to visit my business partner!”
Lucian remained rooted to his spot, regardless. “Same goes for you. Before you can prove that you’re innocent, | won't let you see her.”
Jack went cold with fury. He was done with Lucian’s constant suspicion, and at that very moment, he felt like lunging toward Lucian to start a fight with him.
Like Jack, Lucian scowled.
Within seconds, both men were as tense as beasts about to engage in a battle.
Cayden, who was standing at the side, was equally uneasy, ready to stop Jack at any time.
The three of them were preoccupied with the tension in the air, so none noticed the elevator doors sliding open.
Soon, Jonathan came out with the three children.
“Lucian...”
Right as Jonathan was about to tell Lucian he was done with his task, he was struck with confoundment when he was greeted by the sight of the sparks flying.
Even the children were taken aback, but they were quick to come back to their senses.
Estella then ran over to her father and spread her arms, seemingly about to protect Lucian.
“Don’t bully Daddy!”
The moment those words were out of her mouth, both Cayden and Jonathan shared a look of surprise.
| didn’t hear that wrongly, did 1? Bully Lucian? Who's even capable of doing that?
Even Jack was baffled by the situation.
“Mr. Damaris, are you here to visit Mommy?” came Archie’s soft voice from behind the man.
Upon hearing the boy, Jack tucked away his wrath and turned to look at Archie.
“It's late. I'm sure Mommy's resting now. Mr. Damaris, if you’re worried about her, why don’t you come again tomorrow?”
Although Archie’s words sounded polite, it was still a way of asking Jack to leave. 
###Chapter 1214
Chapter 1214
Jonathan chimed in, “Mr. Damaris, | understand that you’re worried about Ms. Jarvis, but it’s really late right now. Why don’t you come again another day?”
Jack frowned, finding something amiss about their responses. “lm on my way back too. If you don’t mind, why don’t we head downstairs together?”
With that, Jonathan rested his arm around Jack’s shoulders and quietly led the other man into the elevator. “My grandpa was talking about how he wants to visit your grandpa, so why don’t we discuss when a meeting between them would be good?”
The children were around, and even though Jack was upset about the situation, he could not show his displeasure right there and then. Hence, he quietly followed Jonathan into the elevator.
Jonathan then gave Lucian a look before pressing the button to close the elevator doors.
Only when the elevator started going down did Jack realize what seemed amiss.
All of them were telling him that it was too late for him to visit Roxanne, but Lucian was still in her ward. What right does he have to stay there?
“Mr. Damaris, it's best not to get in the way of two people’s relationship. Don’t you think so?” Jonathan gave Jack a long look. “You're the Damaris family’s heir. What kind of woman can you not get? Must you snatch that one woman from Lucian?”
Jack snapped back to his senses and gave Jonathan an apathetic look. “What do you know?”
Jonathan raised his brows. “If this isn’t what | think it is, then that will be for the best.”
After saying that, silence took over the conversation.
Even after reaching the first floor, the two men shared no words as they went into their own cars and left. In the meantime, outside Roxanne’s ward, the three children let down their guards once Jack was gone. “Mr. Farwell, can we visit Mommy?”
Archie’s worry for Roxanne was written all over his face.
It was the first time the children had seen their mother so sick. Although they already saw that Roxanne was awake, they still felt anxious.
Lucian’s expression softened when he looked at the children. “Go on in. Your mommy is resting, so be quieter and don’t wake her, okay?”
The children nodded obediently. After getting into a line, they tiptoed into the room. Roxanne was in a deep slumber in the ward, looking as if she was in a coma again. At the sight of that, the children panicked.
“Don’t worry. She’s just asleep. She’ll wake up tomorrow morning,” Lucian consoled them before they could say a word, knowing what the children were thinking about.
At that, the children stared at him for a while before finally believing his words.
“Good night, Mommy.”
Right then, Benny tiptoed over to Roxanne and gave her a peck on the cheek.
Roxanne always gave them goodnight kisses when they were sleeping, so this time, it was their turn to do that. Archie followed suit and whispered, “Mommy, you have to wake up tomorrow morning, okay?”
Estella was last in the line, and she wanted to do the same as Archie and Benny, but her courage fled her when she finally walked over to Roxanne.
Thus, she turned around to cast a hesitant look at the boys, who then gave her a look of encouragement. In the end, Estella mustered the courage to gently kiss Roxanne’s cheek.
“Ms. J—’ the girl started, but she stopped herself. A few seconds later, in a much quieter voice, she said, “Good night, Mommy.
With that, Estella turned to look at her father, wanting to know his reaction. 
###Chapter 1215
Chapter 1215
It was Lucian’s second time hearing Estella addressing Roxanne in that way in the period of merely one night. When Lucian saw the girl’s timid look, he frowned but could not bring himself to say anything to her.
Once Estella realized her father was not asking her to change the way she called Roxanne, her eyes lit up, and she turned to look at Archie and Benny with delight on her face.
If Roxanne had not been asleep, the children would have cheered out loud.
Confusion danced across Lucian’s eyes at the sight of their happiness, but he did not ask them any questions. The only thing he said was, “It’s getting late, so hurry back to sleep.”
After making sure that Roxanne was fine and receiving the unexpected surprise, the children quickly agreed to that and followed Lucian out of the ward.
After sending the children back to the ward next door, Lucian found his heart skipping a beat as he looked at the way they were staring at him.
| think | know why they’re happy now.
“Daddy.”
Estella was the closest to Lucian, and she reached out to grab the hem of his shirt.
Lucian halted in his tracks and crouched down to look at her at eye level.
Tilting her head, Estella then hesitantly asked, “Daddy, are you on good terms with Ms. Jarvis again?” She hastily added, “You didn’t say anything when | called Ms. Jarvis Mommy!”
To her, it was a silent agreement from her father to call Roxanne that from then on.
Meanwhile, both Archie and Benny were also looking at Lucian with hope in their eyes.
Lucian lifted his hand to ruffle the girl’s hair. “This isn’t something | can decide on my own. We have to wait until Ms. Jarvis has recovered before asking her about her opinion.”
The children’s eyes dimmed when they heard the ambiguous answer.
The sight of the children’s disappointment brought a frown to Lucian’s face. He then swore to them, “But before Ms. Jarvis fully recovers, I'll be taking care of her. So, don’t worry and take good care of yourselves instead.”
In other words, he was promising the children that he would try his best to patch things up with Roxanne and return to how they were before.
Even though that was not an answer the children truly wanted, it was better than nothing.
Hence, they nodded fervently. “Got it!”
Lucian ruffled their hair before saying, “Get some rest. I’m going to go take care of Ms. Jarvis now.” Once he saw them bobbing their heads, he stood up and left the room.
The children watched the door close with similar looks of anticipation.
“We have to convince Mommy to forgive Mr. Farwell as soon as possible during this time!” Benny announced in determination as he clenched his fist.
Archie nodded in agreement.
After the incident, the children were getting more and more sure that Lucian liked Roxanne.
However, it seemed like Roxanne had yet to figure it out, so they had to do even better to make their mother see what her heart truly wanted.
Then, Archie and Benny turned to Estella, waiting for her response to the plan.
Estella’s eyes were bright, and she bobbed her head vigorously. “I'll Keep an eye on Daddy and make sure he doesn’t make Ms. Jarvis angry!”
The three of them then smiled at each other.
As it was indeed getting late, the children climbed onto their beds to sleep.
Right as Archie and Benny fell asleep, the sounds of Estella crying traveled into their ears. “Mommy...”
The boys quickly clambered upright and rushed to Estella’s bedside. “What’s wrong, Essie?”
As their voices woke Estella, they soon noticed the tear streaks on her cheeks. 
###Chapter 1216
Chapter 1216
When Estella opened her eyes and saw Archie and Benny, a blush crept onto her face.
Archie held Estella’s hand in consolation as he articulated his question, “Did you dream about Mommy? What did you dream about?”
The girl lowered her gaze. “I... | dreamed about Ms. Jarvis.”
Aconfused look appeared on the boys’ faces when they heard that. “But you were calling out for your mommy.”
Estella timidly looked at them in silence.
She did not know why, but ever since she came to know Roxanne, the mother in her dreams started looking like Roxanne. Moreover, the dreams about her mother became sweet dreams.
The only exception was when Roxanne was sick.
This time, she dreamed about the unconscious Roxanne again.
In her dream, no matter what she said, Roxanne’s eyes remained closed. That terrified her.
As for Archie and Benny, although they did not hear any reply from Estella, they could guess what was on her mind by studying her expression.
“Essie, you see our mommy as your mommy, too, is that right?” Benny asked. Estella nodded in hesitance. She then carefully asked, “Archie, Benny, you won't be mad, right?” Both boys exchanged a bewildered look with each other. “Why would we be mad?”
“Because... I'll be stealing your mommy from you,” Estella muttered, choking out the last few words as if she was about to burst into tears.
Archie and Benny were flabbergasted. They never knew that was what Estella thought.
Squeezing Estella’s hand, Archie said, “We’re not mad at all. If we do get mad, wouldn’t you be mad too for trying to steal your daddy from you?”
Estella pursed her lips and anxiously shook her head. She desperately wanted to become a family with Archie and Benny, so how could she be angry with them? Archie then took a piece of tissue and wiped Estella’s tears away. “If you’re not mad, then we’re not mad too!”
Benny then said, “How about this? We'll call them Daddy and Mommy when we're alone. We won't call them Mr. Farwell or Ms. Jarvis anymore. They’re our Daddy and Mommy.”
Archie and Estella immediately nodded in agreement to that.
Even though there were still tears on her face, Estella had a wide smile.
She looked funny, and the boys could not help but laugh heartily at her.
Lucian naturally had no idea what was happening in the ward next door, let alone about how the three children had sneakily promised to be a family.
“Thirsty...”
Roxanne had been unconscious for a whole day. Even though she had been injected with sedatives, she could not sleep for long. Furthermore, the children had been talking earlier, so Roxanne slowly returned to the waking world.
Lucian had a tiring day, and he was about to nod off. But the second he heard her voice, he woke with a start and filled a glass of water for her.
Just as Roxanne was about to sit upright to get the glass, Lucian brought the glass to her lips and shifted her to be in his arms.
Roxanne was groggy from her sleep, and she instinctively felt safe in his arms. Hence, she drank the water with his help before reaching up to push the glass away.
Lucian placed the glass at the side before helping Roxanne lie down on the bed again. Shortly after, Roxanne was asleep again.
Fearing that she would wake once more, Lucian reached out to grab her exposed hand after a moment of hesitance before closing his eyes to nap. 
###Chapter 1217
Chapter 1217
The following morning, Roxanne had already woken up by the time Lucian did. Her brows remained furrowed while she removed the needles for herself.
Lucian glanced at his empty palm, then shifted his gaze to look at the woman before him. In a hoarse voice, he asked, “When did you wake up? Why didn’t you wake me up?”
Roxanne was too focused on the task and only realized the man was awake after hearing his voice. She hesitated for a moment, then continued with what she had been doing.
“You look like you were sound asleep. Besides, | am feeling better now, so | didn’t wake you up.” She did not spare the man a glance as she spoke.
It was worth noting that Roxanne felt as if it was like a dream when she woke up to the sight of Lucian taking a short rest while holding her hand tightly earlier.
But soon after, the memories of what happened last night while she was half-asleep came to her mind. She knew very well it was not a dream. Lucian had indeed taken care of her for the whole night. For a bit, Roxanne had no idea how to describe her feelings after coming to that realization.
Then again, at the sight of Lucian’s tightly furrowed eyebrows and the visible signs of exhaustion on his face, she could not bear to wake him up and thus carefully pulled her hand out without him knowing.
Evidently, the man was so tired that he was unaware of the slight movements and remained asleep.
Since he was still asleep, Roxanne decided to take the chance to examine her condition before performing a simple acupuncture on herself.
Little did she expect Lucian to wake up when she was at the last step of removing the needles.
It was just that she became a little flustered after hearing the man’s voice.
“What are you doing?”
Rubbing his temples, Lucian languidly straightened his body. A slight frown marred his countenance at the sight of her actions.
Roxanne put on a calm pretense as she stared at the silver needle on the acupuncture point and pulled it out. “I gave myself a body check and felt that acupuncture could help detoxify my system.”
Hearing that, Lucian looked at her with a solemn expression. “You're doing it yourself?”
His tone was overflowing with concern, and that undoubtedly startled Roxanne slightly. Despite so, she still flashed him a smile as she turned around. “These acupuncture points aren’t too complex. | can do it myself. There’s no need to worry, Mr. Farwell.”
Her words caused Lucian’s already dark expression to turn even darker. Mr. Farwell again? | took care of her the entire night. How can she still sound so distant?
Awave of rage surged within him. However, at the thought of how Roxanne was still unwell, he had no choice but to suppress his anger and frustration.
In an instant, the whole ward plunged into a deathly silence.
Roxanne could sense Lucian’s sudden fluctuating mood. She was puzzled, yet for some reason, she dared not question him and only lowered her head to put away her silver needles.
It was only after some time that Lucian’s deep voice sounded again. “How do you feel now?”
He thought Roxanne had performed acupuncture on herself because she was not feeling well.
Not knowing what the man was thinking, she replied flatly, “I’m feeling much better. The poison should've been completely purged now.”
As soon as she finished her sentence, the look in her eyes, which she fixed on Lucian, abruptly wavered as though she thought of something.
Lucian knitted his brows as he noticed the change in her expression. “What's wrong?”
Roxanne lowered her gaze guiltily but tried to sound calm with her words. “Nothing. I’m just a little worried about the kids. How are they doing?”
She remembered that Lucian had brought the three kids over the day before. Since the kids saw how sick | was, they must be terribly worried now. Roxanne vaguely recalled that she seemed to have heard the kids’ voices before falling asleep last night.
Not only that, she thought she heard a soft voice that resembled that of her dead daughter. 
###Chapter 1218
Chapter 1218
In a deep voice, Lucian uttered, “They’re in the room next to this. Since you’ve woken up, I'll let them have a look at you before asking Cayden to send them back.”
Roxanne agreed to it without hesitation since she did not want the kids to stay in the hospital for too long.
However, Lucian made no moves even after a long while.
Roxanne felt her heart lurch as the scenes of how Lucian showered her with care and concern last night filled her mind.
She initially thought Lucian would head next door to bring the kids over, and she could use the time alone to cool herself down. Seeing how he remained seated in the room, Roxanne had no idea how to respond.
“Put the needles away,” Lucian said suddenly, with his eyes fixed on the silver needles on the side of her bed that she had yet kept.
Those words left Roxanne frozen in shock.
Then, Lucian’s gaze landed on her face, and in an unhurried tone, he added, “Those needles will scare the kids.” Roxanne immediately explained with her instincts, “They won't. Archie and Benny are used to it.”
Sometimes, the two boys would even help with the disinfection and cleaning.
To them, the needles used for acupuncture were actually no different from the forks used for dining.
Lucian’s gaze darkened. “But Essie will be scared. They already got freaked out by the way you looked yesterday.” Roxanne was promptly taken aback. She almost forgot that Estella was around too.
Noticing how Lucian’s face clouded over, Roxanne cast her eyes downward apologetically. “I’m sorry. | forgot about that.” Lucian frowned. “I don’t mean it that way. You don’t have to apologize to me.”
In truth, he merely wanted to remind Roxanne that the kids were terrified by what happened the day before, and the sight of those needles might spook them out again.
It was clear that Roxanne had misunderstood what he said. At that point, Lucian felt his temples throbbing badly.
He had always been a pragmatic man who was not good with words. Faced with this situation, he did not know how to explain himself.
After rolling up the felt needle case and carefully putting it in the drawer beside the bed, Roxanne turned around to look at Lucian. “All right, I’ve put them away. You can ask them to come over now.”
The man stared morosely at her. Ultimately, he gave up on explaining himself and headed next door without saying anything. As the door shut close, Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief and immediately seized the opportunity to sort out her mind.
As much as she was unwilling to admit it, she was actually instinctively reliant on Lucian when she was in extreme agony last night. Had Lucian not held her hand tightly throughout, she reckoned she would not be able to have a good night’s sleep.
On that, she was sure Lucian would have figured out her feelings. Yet, he still chose to stay by her side to give her support and reliance.
Roxanne’s resolve began to waver.
While she performed acupuncture on herself earlier, she was contemplating if she wanted to clarify things.
Nonetheless, when Lucian finally woke up, she backed out and did not even dare to spare him a glance.
She had reacted that way because she feared she had read too much into things.
Of course, after what happened last night, she knew she should not avoid Lucian and Estella again like in the past, even if she did so out of gratitude for the man’s kindness.
Roxanne’s mind was in a tangled mess at the mere thought of the situations she might have to face from now on. Suddenly, a knock on the door was heard.
Before Roxanne snapped back to her senses, the three kids rushed in from outside. They ran up to the side of her bed and stared at her with their bright eyes.
Following behind the kids, Lucian strolled in and said, “They couldn't stop worrying about you and woke up long a 
###Chapter 1219
Chapter 1219
Roxanne patted Archie’s and Benny’s heads soothingly. “Mommy, how are you feeling? Do you feel any discomfort?” Archie and Benny stared at her with concern.
Roxanne could see her pale expression reflected in her children’s eyes, so it was completely understandable that they were really worried.
Roxanne stated apologetically, “I’m all right now. | must have scared you guys yesterday. I’m sorry for that.”
Benny reminded her in his childish voice, “You have already apologized to us yesterday! Also, we don’t need you to apologize because we only want you to be healthy and well!”
Roxanne felt touched by their words, and a smile spread across her face.
“Essie is also worried about Mommy. She was so scared she burst into tears when she dreamt that you fell unconscious.” When Benny noticed Estella hiding behind the other children, he took a step back so Roxanne could see her.
Estella’s head was lowered as she sneaked a peek at Roxanne.
She remembered Roxanne flatly refusing to let her call the latter Mommy the last time she asked her.
However, she had repeatedly called Roxanne Mommy when the latter was unconscious the night before.
She was afraid Roxanne would remember and be upset with her.
Roxanne noticed the disconcerted look on Estella’s face. It made her heart ache, so she pulled Estella into her embrace. “Mom—
Perhaps it was because Estella’s mind was full of thoughts of the events on the previous night that she almost called Roxanne Mommy, but she quickly realized that she had said the wrong thing and hastily uttered, “Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne suddenly felt nervous when she heard Estella’s first word and only breathed a sigh of relief after the latter changed her words. She smiled and stroked Estella’s head. “I’m sorry. | said I’d go to the kindergarten to see you, but | haven't yet. Did you wait a long time for me?”
Estella pursed her lips and was about to nod when she noticed Roxanne’s pale expression. She shook her head instead. “It’s the same thing if | come to see you!”
With that, she lowered her gaze sadly. “It would be better if you weren’t sick.”
Roxanne’s heart melted upon hearing Estella’s words. “It’s my fault. | was too careless and made you guys worry.”
Estella shook her head again.
Roxanne chatted with the children for a while when all of a sudden, Archie walked over to Lucian.
Benny’s and Estella’s gazes immediately followed him.
His action confused Roxanne.
“Thank you, Mr. Farwell. It was because you took care of Mommy yesterday that she was able to recover so quickly,” Archie thanked Lucian sincerely.
Benny, too, quickly followed suit.
In the end, Archie and Benny even bowed politely to Lucian.
Lucian stared at the two children before his gaze fell on Roxanne. He said meaningfully, “Don’t mention it. | promise I'll take good care of your mother.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne instinctively looked at him.
Lucian’s tone made it seem like a promise. One would have thought they were a couple if one didn’t know them. In reality, Lucian only took care of her when she was sick.
Why does he have to make his words sound so ambiguous?
Roxanne felt nervous and emotional at the same time.
When did Lucian tell the children about this? What else did they talk about when | was unconscious? 
###Chapter 1220
Chapter 1220
As Roxanne was deep in thought thinking about what Lucian had told the children, the three children came over to bid her farewell.
“Mommy, since you're fine, we will be heading home first. Rest well! We will be waiting at home for you!” Benny smiled heartily. His smile only served to make Roxanne puzzled.
When she was sick previously, the children would want to stay by her side the whole time. Why would they proactively bid me farewell without arguing to stay with me?
Benny inquired endearingly, “Mommy, you're going to let Essie tag along with us, right? She will be terrified if she’s alone!” Roxanne returned to her senses and glanced at Lucian instinctively. She nodded hesitantly. “Take good care of her.”
The children had a scare the night before. Estella did not have a strong sense of security, so it would be better if Archie and Benny accompanied her.
The boys nodded fervently. “Then, we shall head back first!”
The kids then ran out of the ward, waving goodbye to Roxanne.
They were all smiling gleefully when they turned around knowing that their plan worked.
Daddy told us yesterday that we must give him and Mommy some private space!
Although they were worried about Roxanne, they were confident that Lucian would be able to take great care of her.
Roxanne’s brows furrowed as she stared at the children’s retreating figures. She had a sudden urge to call them back as she did not know how to face Lucian alone.
However, before she could say anything, Lucian’s voice rang out. “I'll let Cayden send them back. He will stay there and take care of them.”
Since he had spelled things out so clearly, Roxanne could no longer refuse. She could only nod in agreement. “Til see them off.” Lucian shot her an unfathomable look before he turned and walked out of the ward. Roxanne was finally left alone in the ward.
She knew Lucian had left because he saw her predicament and wanted to give her time to prepare mentally. This showed how much he cared about her.
Roxanne turned her head to look out the window as she tried to calm herself.
She had no idea what Lucian was thinking. However, from what happened the previous day, she knew that Lucian treated her well, not just because of his and Jack’s business rivalry.
Perhaps, there was some sincerity in his actions. Anyone would be moved by someone taking care of them the whole night.
Roxanne was no an exception.
However, there were still many things Lucian did not explain to her yet. Rather than overthinking her relationship with Lucian, Roxanne decided to go with the flow. With that, Roxanne finally composed herself.
Perhaps Lucian and Roxanne were connected telepathically to some extent, as she heard noises coming from the door just as she figured out how to face Lucian.
Seconds later, Lucian walked in from the door. “Have they left?” Roxanne was stunned for a moment before a smile spread across her face.
Lucian’s gaze darkened upon seeing her expression. He stared at her and nodded. “Cayden will take good care of them. You don’t need to worry.”
Roxanne grinned. “I know. Thank you. Not only did you have to take care of me last night, but you also had to take care of them
too. Her tone was natural, with no trace of her previous detachment and stiffness.
Emotions swirled in Lucian’s eyes as he noticed the change in her, but he suppressed them. 
###Chapter 1221
Chapter 1221
After a long pause, Lucian tamped down the emotions in his eyes and said calmly, “I’ve asked the specialists to check on you. They'll be here soon.”
No sooner had he said that, several specialists came rushing over.
They were horrified when they saw Roxanne sitting up in the hospital bed. “Ms. Jarvis, please lie down quickly. There’s still residual toxins in your body that has yet to be flushed out. We want to perform a check-up on you, then prescribe some targeted medication.”
She was very clear-headed when it came to her condition, and she replied, “There’s no need for that. It has been cleared.”
The others frowned, their expressions reflecting their disbelief. “How is that possible?”
We all saw for ourselves how serious her condition was yesterday. How could she have gotten better after just one night's sleep? Roxanne merely smiled and did not say anything.
Utterly incredulous, a few of them stepped forward to check on her.
After they did so, everyone could not help but feel dumbfounded. “This...”
They could not believe that she had almost fully recovered, and there were barely any traces of toxins left in her body.
She explained to them calmly, “I performed acupuncture on myself this morning to detoxify my body. | can sense that I’ve gotten rid of almost all of the toxins, but | don’t know whether the little that remains will still have severe effects.”
Upon hearing her reply, the specialists looked at each other.
After some time, one of them finally turned toward Roxanne with a look of admiration. “We've long heard of your impressive acupuncture skills. Today, we've finally witnessed with our own eyes just how amazing it is!”
Initially, they planned to treat the toxins in her body slowly through medication. None of them expected that she would succeed in getting rid of most of it through a single acupuncture treatment.
Despite the shower of praise from those top specialists, Roxanne’s expression remained unchanged. “My teacher taught me everything | know, and I’ve merely put what I learned into practice. So, what are the results of your check-up? Do | still need treatment for the toxins in my body?”
“The remaining toxins aren't a lot, and your body can eliminate them through metabolization,” answered the head of the specialists. As he spoke, however, he sensed someone glaring at him in annoyance from behind. A shudder ran through his. body, and he quickly added, “Nonetheless, | suggest you stay at the hospital for a couple of days for observation. As you know, your condition yesterday after getting poisoned was quite serious.”
She nodded calmly and said quietly. “Got it. Thanks for everything you all did yesterday.”
The specialists immediately waved their hands dismissively. “That's what we should've done. If there’s someone who should be thanked, it's Mr. Farwell. He stayed in the ward the whole time to look after you.”
At that, she subconsciously glanced toward the man standing at the door to the ward.
Lucian’s brows were tightly knitted, and he did not have time to drop the worried look etched across his face.
When his eyes met Roxanne’s, he looked away nonchalantly. She was surprised to see his concerned expression, and a scarlet flush crept up her cheeks.
“If there’s nothing else, we'll be going out. Please get lots of rest these two days. Should you need anything, feel free to let us know.” Noticing the peculiar atmosphere between the pair, the specialists quickly excused themselves.
Returning to her senses, she smiled at them and watched as they left. Soon, Lucian and Roxanne were the only ones left in the ward.
She had finally managed to compose herself, but after that remark the specialist made, her emotions were all over the place again, and she was at a loss for words.
Lucian also seemed lost in thought and was silent for a long time.
To cover up the panic she felt inwardly, she took her phone from the table and glanced at it. As soon as she did so, she saw on the screen that she had nearly twenty missed calls. More than half of them were from Archie and Benny, while the rest were from Jack. 
###Chapter 1222
Chapter 1222
Roxanne could not resist asking, “Was Mr. Damaris here yesterday?” As soon as she asked that question, Lucian’s expression shifted instantly, and the air around him grew heavy with tension. She was taken aback by the change in him and wondered whether she had said something she should not have again.
It's just that | happened to see Jack’s calls, and it reminded me that he was with me before | fell unconscious yesterday. Besides, he was right next to me when the gas was released.
As that thought crossed her mind, she could not help worrying a little over what had happened to him.
“Does he mean that much to you? Besides the kids, is he the first person you care about after recovering?” He stared at her intently, slowly moving closer to the hospital bed as he spoke.
Puzzled by his sudden anger, she frowned and asked, “I was only asking because | could see he tried calling me quite a few times. Moreover, he was with me when | got poisoned—”
“He was with you when you passed out,” Lucian said, cutting in before she finished her sentence. Recalling the scene, Roxanne nodded without hesitation. | don’t know whether I’m reading too much into it, but it seems as though Lucian’s statement has a deeper meaning.
Standing next to the bed, he gazed down at her and asked in an interrogative tone, “So, have you wondered why both of you inhaled the toxic gas, yet only you lost consciousness from getting poisoned and suffered severe symptoms while he’s still fit as a fiddle?”
Upon hearing that, she was stunned as what he was implying finally struck her. He suspects that the experiment went wrong because Jack tampered with it!
When that realization dawned on her, she contradicted him without a second thought. “There’s no reason for Mr. Damaris to do that.”
Seeing that she was willing to defend Jack at the drop of a hat, Lucian’s gaze darkened, and his tone turned even more solemn as he responded, “I see that you trust him a lot.”
Alarmed by the palpable tension that suddenly radiated around him, she realized she had spoken too hastily and consciously softened her tone. “It isn’t a matter of whether | trust him or not. It’s just that the Damaris family was the one who spearheaded this project, and they've put a lot of effort into it. The project was finally progressing to a new stage, so there’s no reason for him to throw a spanner in the works.”
What's more, I’m the one who has been responsible for the research on the core technology of this project, and I’m the one who knows it best. If Jack does indeed want to harm me, that means he has already decided to give up on this project. However, so many people are involved in the project, and it has been disclosed to the public previously. Hence, his actions will only do more harm than good.
Seeing that her response was similar to what Jack had said the previous day, Lucian’s displeasure intensified. He retorted, “Is that so? In that case, why don’t you tell me who would’ve done that apart from him? Was it Dr. Galloway?”
She furrowed her brows again. “Dr. Galloway wouldn't do something like that. We’ve worked together for a long time, and | trust
him.
Besides, he wouldn't have had the chance to tamper with the lab table. During the few minutes he was there, | was next to him. Even if he did plan to do something, he wouldn’t have had time. Also, | don’t see any reason for him to do so.
It annoyed Lucian to see how protective she was of Colby, and he said in a mocking tone, “Well, who else could it have been? You? Did you create the toxic gas because you were too stressed at work and wanted to end it once and for all?” 
###Chapter 1223
Chapter 1223
Roxanne was rendered speechless at that. After all, it was indeed true that the three of them had been in charge of the project since the beginning.
Naturally, | wouldn’t shoot myself in the foot, so that leaves only Jack and Colby. That being said, | don’t want to doubt any of them since one of them is the project leader while the other is my longtime partner.
Seeing how adamant she was, Lucian felt his anger rise. “If | remember correctly, Jack had something to do with the fire incident at the research institute previously as well.”
Hearing that, Roxanne gave him a confused look. Why would he say something like that?
She then said, “Mr. Damaris left after delivering those medicines, so what do you mean when you said that incident has something to do with him?”
Not wanting to get into an argument with Lucian, she reined in her temper and added gently, “You of all people should know how those medicines came to be, so why would Mr. Damaris do something that won't benefit him at all?
After speaking, she raised her head to look at Lucian’s cold expression and heaved a helpless sigh inwardly before continuing, “Lucian, you need to calm down. You can’t just say something like this based on your own subjective emotions without any evidence to support it.”
With how smart, sharp, and decisive Lucian is, his irrational words now are making me doubt whether the man before me is really the CEO of Farwell Group.
“lam calm.” Fury was bubbling deep within Lucian’s heart, and he uttered coldly, “That storage room of your research institute has had no problems for so many years, but it burns up the moment he stored his medicines in it. Don’t you think it's too much of a coincidence?”
In response, Roxanne patiently explained, “There really weren’t any problems when he stored the medicines in the room. If you don’t believe me, feel free to ask Dr. Galloway about it since he was there at the time.”
As she spoke, she kept her gaze trained on Lucian’s face, her eyes glinting with emotions known only to herself.
He looks so angry whenever he talks about the fire incident. There isn’t a single trace that suggests he’s faking it, so | guess | can finally stop suspecting him. I’ve misunderstood him. I’m certain now that he has nothing to do with the fire.
Hearing her words, Lucian seemed to recall something and stated coldly, “Your words just reminded me that Dr. Galloway was at the scene of the fire as well.”
Roxanne snapped back to her senses when she realized that her words had caused Lucian to cast his doubt on Colby.
She tried to explain, “This incident has nothing to do with them. We've already looked into this. Turns out, someone bribed one of the researchers at the institute to go in and set the fire...”
Unexpectedly, Lucian’s expression darkened further the more she tried to explain. “Well, who else could have done this except Jack?” Words eluded Roxanne once again.
She knew there was some truth in his words. After all, there was only a handful of people in Horington who was capable of finding out the background of all personnel in the research institute and bribing them in such a short period of time. The same goes for the people that were involved in the project.
Before this, Roxanne had always suspected Lucian to have had a hand in this. As such, she didn’t entertain the possibility that it could have been someone else.
However, now that she had eliminated all her doubts about Lucian, Jack was looking more and more to be the culprit. Nonetheless, she was still of the opinion that Jack had no reason to do such a thing.
“It seems like you trust him very much,” Lucian scoffed. “Your trust in Colby is built through years of cooperation, but what about Jack? How long have you known each other? Do you really know him that well?” 
###Chapter 1224
Chapter 1224
Roxanne felt her heart start to waver after hearing Lucian’s words. However, she couldn't help but think that his tone sounded rather odd.
He is indeed suspecting Jack to be the culprit, but why does his last sentence... Roxanne mulled over it for a moment when she suddenly thought of something, and a touch of surprise flashed across her eyes.
Before this, Lucian kept losing his temper with me because | was getting too close to Jack. Naturally, he’s pissed off about the same thing this time as well. He’s probably angry that I’m defending Jack. Wait... Could he be... jealous of Jack?
Just as that thought flashed into her mind, Roxanne snapped back to her senses and glanced at Lucian uneasily before retracting her gaze.
Somehow, | can’t associate the word jealous with the man before me. It’s simply impossible for Lucian to feel jealousy.
Nonetheless, now that the thought was in Roxanne’s mind, it was like it had taken root and she couldn't get rid of it. As a result, she no longer dared to meet Lucian’s eyes.
Her breath hitched as she said, “Although it’s true that | don’t know Jack that well, | just can’t find any reason to doubt him since he’s the project leader.”
Seemingly satisfied with her statement, Lucian gave a soft snort in response. After hesitating for a while, Roxanne made up her mind. “Since we have different opinions, we'll let the evidence speak for itself.” She finally had the courage to look Lucian in the eyes as she added, “What do you think of my suggestion, Mr. Farwell?”
Seeing how Roxanne was still unwilling to doubt Jack but was sensible enough to make a concession with him, Lucian felt his anger subside slightly. “Fine, I'll go along with it. I'll show you the evidence so that you can see what kind of a person he really
is.
Roxanne nodded. “The truth is all | want. Anyway, Dr. Galloway is in charge of the research institute, so I'll tell him to give you free rein during this period of time in order for you to look into this matter.”
Lucian agreed to it without saying anything more.
It could be said that the two of them had reached an agreement. As promised, the first thing that Roxanne did was give Colby a call. It took a while before the latter answered.
The moment the call was connected, Colby’s apologetic and helpless voice rang out. “Dr. Jarvis, how are you doing? I’m sorry, | should have paid you a visit earlier, but | really have no idea where Mr. Farwell has taken you.”
Hearing that, Roxanne subconsciously glanced at the man beside her.
All she knew was that Lucian was the one who brought her to the hospital. As for what happened during and after she fell unconscious, she had no clue about it.
Judging from Colby’s words, I’m guessing Lucian must have done something unpleasant when he took me away.
Lucian frowned, but he didn’t try to explain, for he thought that there was no need for him to give an explanation just because of Colby’s words.
Seeing that, Roxanne could only retract her gaze. She then said to Colby, “I’m fine now, thank you for your concern, Dr. Galloway.”
Colby’s voice was still tinged with guilt when he said, “What happened yesterday was too sudden. Several researchers were more or less affected by it. As a result, | have been so busy since yesterday that | forgot to call you. This is wrong of me...”
Roxanne could imagine the chaos that must have ensued in the research institute after she collapsed. Coupled with the leakage of toxic gases, she reckoned some may have even been poisoned.
With me being in a coma and hospitalized, I’m sure Colby must be feeling exhausted trying to clean up the mess all alone for one whole day.
With that thought in mind, Roxanne said apologetically, “I’m sorry. | was too careless and caused you trouble again.” 
###Chapter 1225
Chapter 1225
Hearing Roxanne’s apology, there was a flash of smugness in Colby’s eyes, but his tone was full of concern.
“As long as you get better, it doesn’t matter how tired | get. | thought... Forget it. Let’s not talk about this. Why did you call?” Uneasy, Roxanne said, “I’m afraid I'll have to continue to trouble you.”
Colby was busy since yesterday after she fell unconscious.
Recently, they needed to carry out an investigation. Due to that, they had to ask for Colby’s help to grant them free rein. For everything Colby had done, Roxanne felt nothing but sorry for him.
Colby, on the other end of the phone, was working overtime at the research institute, handling the surveillance footage of the research facility.
He froze momentarily when he heard what Roxanne said but soon returned to normal. “What is it? Go on. I'll try my best to help.”
Roxanne said with a grateful smile, “Mr. Farwell and | want to investigate yesterday’s incident. In the process, we will need permission to access the research institute. Thus, we’ll need some help from you.”
At that, Colby became tense and felt his throat tighten.
He was fine with Roxanne carrying out an investigation but didn’t expect Lucian to be involved.
| only asked Lucian to come yesterday to watch him fight with Jack, not to investigate me. It will be trouble if Lucian intervenes. Colby wasn’t confident to hide the truth from Lucian’s discerning eyes.
“Dr. Galloway?” Roxanne urged in confusion since she didn’t receive a reply from him.
Colby abruptly returned to his senses and tried to sound calm. “I’m sorry. | was up all night yesterday, so | zoned out. All right, | got it. Feel free to tell me when you need help.”
Without sparing another thought, Roxanne thanked him politely, “Thank you, and have a good rest.” Absent-mindedly, Colby promised to help her. After a few seconds, he hung up the phone.
When the two were on the phone, Lucian listened to their conversation at the side the whole time. He found Colby’s response slightly strange.
However, a nobody like Colby wasn’t significant enough to bother him, so he didn’t give it much thought. He brushed it off and took it as his lack of sleep.
“I've already told Dr. Galloway.”
Roxanne’s voice sounded from the ward. “This matter cannot be delayed. If someone did plan it, that person would have more time to destroy the evidence if we delay. Let’s start the investigation as soon as possible.”
Naturally, Lucian was well aware of this simple theory. “I know. I'll start to investigate after you rest.”
In response, Roxanne frowned. “I want to join the investigation too. After all, this happened because of me. I’m the victim, so | can’t do nothing and wait.”
Moreover, no matter what Lucian was thinking, Roxanne was worried about letting him investigate by himself because he was prejudiced against Jack.
Lucian saw through her thoughts and narrowed his eyes in displeasure. “Are you worried | would fabricate evidence against Jack?”
Hearing that, Roxanne’s eyes flashed with a hint of guilt, but she quickly concealed that. “I just think it will be fairer that way.”
Lucian sneered, “I understand what you mean, but your condition doesn’t allow you to do that. The specialist advised you to rest in the hospital for a few days. So, that’s what you should do. Don’t worry. | only want to find the real culprit who hurt you, although I’m suspicious of Jack. I'll deal with him later!”
The two were stunned by his words. 
###Chapter 1226
Chapter 1226
Surprised, Roxanne looked at Lucian.
She felt more triggered by what he said just now than when he told her he wanted to court her back then. Lucian’s face showed a hint of awkwardness when he met Roxanne’s eyes. Soon, he regained his composure. “Let's do as you say if you feel it’s appropriate.”
Amoment later, Lucian behaved as if nothing had happened. “You’re a doctor yourself, so you should know your condition well. The experts said the residual poison in your body is almost gone. You can be discharged from the hospital soon.”
He changed the topic abruptly and sounded unnatural.
His expression intrigued Roxanne, and she almost burst out laughing. Then, she said, “Then, Mr. Farwell, please help me with the discharge procedures. We can start the investigation earlier.”
Lucian agreed to it without saying anything more and went to handle her discharge procedures.
Feeling uneasy, Lucian confirmed with the experts again that it was okay for Roxanne to be discharged after leaving the ward. Originally, the experts were forced to allow Roxanne to stay for observation due to Lucian.
Thus, they immediately assured Lucian that Roxanne could be discharged without a problem.
After that, Lucian went to handle Roxanne’s discharge procedure. When he got back to the ward, Roxanne was ready to leave. Lucian was in a daze looking at the smiling lady in a dress before him.
Yesterday, Roxanne looked extremely pale, and he was shocked to see her in a hospital gown. Thus, he felt strange now that she looked well.
“Are you done?” Roxanne was confused since he stood at the door silently.
Lucian snapped out of his reverie when he heard her voice. “Yes, let’s go. I'll send you home.” Just like that, they entered the elevator one after another.
“I can go home by myself. I’ve already caused you much trouble for yesterday,” Roxanne rejected politely. Lucian sounded calm. “Essie is at your place. | want to see her.”
Since he had spelled things out so clearly, Roxanne could no longer refuse his offer.
The two got out of the elevator and walked to the hospital’s entrance when it started to drizzle. The light rain dispelled the sweltering heat. Many people on the road walked in it calmly. Roxanne decided to brave the rain and run to the parking lot too.
To her surprise, Lucian grabbed her by her waist as soon as she lifted her foot.
Halting in her tracks, Roxanne instinctively looked at him and wanted to break free from his grip.
“You just recovered, so you're still weak. It’s best to avoid the rain.”
Lucian frowned slightly, and his deep voice sounded beside her ear.
Roxanne felt his breath on the side of her ear and a wave of numbness that came with it. She couldn’t help but be in a daze. By the time she snapped back to reality, Lucian was holding tightly onto her waist as they walked into the rain.
Lucian covered their heads with his coat as they strode toward the parking lot.
Seeing Lucian’s profile, Roxanne couldn’t help but think of how he took care of her yesterday. A warm feeling surged in her heart, and she couldn’t take her eyes off his face for a long time.
“Watch your step.” Lucian turned around suddenly and looked at her.
When their eyes met, Roxanne felt her heart skip a beat. She tried to keep her composure and smiled. “Thank you.” Lucian furrowed his brows as his eyes flickered.
After yesterday's incident, he felt reluctant to let go of Roxanne, who looked perfectly healthy.
After a long while, he retracted his gaze with some self control. 
###Chapter 1227
Chapter 1227
The rain had stopped when the two reached the parking lot. The custom-made jacket Lucian used to shelter them from the rain was wet. Even his arms got soaked from the rain.
Standing by the side of the car, Roxanne watched him open the door and put his jacket on the back seat with no change in expression. After a moment of hesitation, she decided to sit in the passenger seat.
Soon, Lucian got into the car and drove toward her house. “| wonder what they are doing now.” Feeling uneasy by the silence inside the car, Roxanne quickly searched for a topic.
Lucian raised his eyes and glanced at her face reflected in the rearview mirror. “Cayden will take good care of them. You can call him if you're worried.”
Roxanne grinned. “It’s okay. | believe Cayden will take good care of them.” As they spoke about the kids, Roxanne couldn't help but think of how they left without hesitation this morning.
She wondered what was on the kids’ minds when they did that and decided to find the answer when she got home.
Meanwhile, at the mansion, Cayden bought breakfast for the kids.
After breakfast, the three kids rushed upstairs and hid inside Archie and Benny’s room and started whispering among themselves.
“| wonder how Mommy is feeling now.” A frown instantly creased Benny’s brow as he sounded worried.
Patting his brother on the shoulder, Archie comforted, “Didn’t Mommy already say she’s okay now? Moreover, there’s Daddy beside Mommy, so she'll be fine.”
Estella nodded vigorously. “Daddy will take good care of—”
Suddenly, Estella faltered and looked at Archie and Benny timidly.
In response, Archie and Benny gave her an encouraging look.
Estella finally said, “Daddy will take good care of Mommy! Mommy is incredibly skilled in medicine, so I’m sure she will be fine!” As Estella spoke, she balled her fists to encourage herself.
“The most important thing now is for Daddy and Mommy to get back together through this opportunity.”
Archie analyzed rationally, “I think after what happened yesterday, Mommy will not avoid Daddy and Essie anymore!”
Asmile gradually bloomed on their faces.
Estella, in particular, had a vibrant smile.
Seeing Estella’s beaming face, Benny couldn’t help but ask, “Essie, wouldn't your mommy be sad if she finds out how much you adore Mommy?”
Hearing that, the smile on Estella’s face gradually faded, and she became a little down.
Benny felt somewhat guilty and glanced at Archie, worried if he had said something wrong and had upset Estella.
Archie felt worried as well and wanted to change the topic. Before he could do that, Estella said hesitantly, “I don’t have a mommy.”
Taken aback, Archie and Benny doubted their ears.
What does she mean by she doesn’t have a mommy?
Benny frowned and was about to pursue the matter when suddenly a knock on the door sounded.
The kids quickly restrained their expressions and went to open the door.
With a smile, Cayden stood at the door and said, “Let’s go downstairs and see who is here.”
After exchanging a suspicious glance, the kids scampered down.
The kids were stunned for a moment when they saw the people coming in from the door. Then, a big smile appeared on their faces.
“Mommy!” The three kids quickly rushed toward Roxanne.
Roxanne chuckled as she held all three of them in her embrace and patted them on their head. 
###Chapter 1228
Chapter 1228
“Mommy, why are you back so soon? Shouldn’t you spend more time at the hospital?” Worried, Archie looked at Roxanne. As Archie spoke, he glanced at Lucian as he had secret plans for them.
If Mommy stays for another two days at the hospital, Daddy will have more time to accompany her!
Lucian knew Archie was glancing at him, but he didn’t know what was on the latter’s mind.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was rendered speechless by Archie’s question. “So you want me to stay at the hospital?”
At that, the kids exchanged glances.
Archie answered with a serious look, “We're only worried about you, Mommy. We thought maybe you should be hospitalized for at least two days.”
Asurge of warmth emerged in Roxanne’s heart after hearing that. Pretending to be torn, she looked at Archie. “But | miss you guys.”
“We can visit Mommy at the hospital!” Benny's cute voice rang out.
Amused by Benny, Roxanne couldn't help but kiss him.
Estella and Archie quickly moved closer to Roxanne after they saw her kissing Benny.
Archie stuck out his face before Roxanne straight away.
With a smile, Roxanne planted a kiss on Archie’s cheek.
Estella stood timidly behind Archie, not daring to go forward, but her face was full of anticipation. Aglint of guilt flashed in Roxanne’s eyes when she saw how Estella behaved.
Estella was not like this in the past.
The tension between her and Lucian had made Estella behave timidly in front of her.
Thinking of that, Roxanne smiled at Estella and pulled the latter close to her. Then, she kissed her on her chubby cheeks and hugged her tightly.
“Essie, | want to thank you for trying to wake me up with Archie and Benny. Otherwise, | don’t know when I'll regain consciousness.”
Estella’s eyes gradually brightened, and a smile appeared on her little face after Roxanne thanked her. Roxanne felt Estella slowly wrapping her arms around her neck and smiled wider.
Just when she was about to let go, Estella suddenly kissed her on the face.
Roxanne froze for a few seconds and was touched after the entire situation sunk in.
After witnessing Roxanne and Estella’s reconciliation, Archie and Benny rushed toward them excitedly, and each planted a kiss on Roxanne’s cheek.
Standing at the door, Lucian looked at Roxanne and the kids. There was a rare warmth emotion flashing in his eyes.
“Mr. Farwell.”
Cayden approached him.
Lucian looked away from the four and nodded in acknowledgment at Cayden. “Thank you for your hard work. Go home and have a rest.”
“I'll leave now. Please call me whenever you need me.” Cayden bobbed his head in response. Subsequently, he turned around to leave without hesitation. It has been a while since Mr. Farwell and Ms. Jarvis get along. | shouldn’t stay and become the third wheel.
Initially, Roxanne wanted to see Cayden out. However, Estella held tightly onto her and refused to let go. After some deliberation, Roxanne still couldn’t get up.
“Mommy, have you eaten?” Archie looked at Roxanne with concern.
It wasn’t until then that Roxanne remembered that they hadn’t eaten all day. After she regained consciousness, the experts checked her condition. Then, she had a heated discussion with Lucian.
She wasn’t feeling hungry. However, she felt Lucian should eat something after all he had been through yesterday.
At that thought, Roxanne patted Estella’s back reassuringly. “| need to cook. Why don’t you play with Archie and Benny?” 
###Chapter 1229
Chapter 1229
Estella hugged her and refused to let go.
Thus, Roxanne explained resignedly, “Your daddy and | haven't eaten yet. We'll keep you company after our meals, all right?” Upon hearing that, the girl finally released Roxanne and stared intently at her.
Roxanne smiled, patted her head, and turned to Lucian. “Come on in, Mr. Farwell. I'll prepare some food.”
The look in Lucian’s eyes darkened before he ambled into the living room. It’s been a long time since | was invited by her. This feels pretty good.
The children were relieved to see the relationship between the two adults improved after Roxanne left the hospital. As Lucian sat on the couch, he watched the children play with each other.
Inside the kitchen, Roxanne was preparing the food nonchalantly.
As a result of all that, the atmosphere in the mansion became surprisingly heartwarming.
Not long after, Roxanne exited the kitchen with two sandwiches and a glass of hot milk before putting them in front of Lucian. “It’s nearly time for lunch, so just eat these first to hold on until then.”
He nodded.
Just as she was about to sit next to him, her phone rang again on the coffee table.
They both lowered their heads and saw Jack’s name on the screen.
While Lucian frowned, Roxanne wanted to answer the phone because she knew Jack was simply worried about her.
As she reached for the phone, Lucian snatched it away.
Roxanne furrowed her eyebrows with slight panic. “I want to tell Mr. Damaris that I’m safe.”
Motionlessly, he waited for the ringing to stop on its own. Then, he expressionlessly turned off her phone and tossed it aside. She felt resigned upon seeing that.
In the past, she would’ve immediately started arguing with him.
However, she refrained from doing so, thinking it would be rude because he had just saved her from the brink of death and taken care of her for the entire night.
Thus, Roxanne silently withdrew her hand and sat next to Lucian.
“Jack came by last night,” he disclosed in a deep voice. That shocked her a little. “Was it when | was still in a coma?” There’s no way | wouldn’t have known about it otherwise.
“You were already awake by that point, but it was getting late, so | told him about your situation and asked him not to disturb your rest.”
She still felt something was off. “It was that simple?” | know how Lucian feels about Jack. There’s no way their meeting ended that simply last night.
In response to her question, Lucian frowned at her. “What else do you expect?” Roxanne smiled sheepishly and stopped asking. If Jack already knows about my situation, why did he call me?
Just as she wondered about that, he spoke again. “Even though | already told him about your situation, he still called you. Maybe he has an ulterior motive.”
She was stunned by his sudden remark as she stared at his countenance. | feel like the “motive” he’s thinking about is not the one | have in mind. 
###Chapter 1230
Chapter 1230
When Lucian recalled the scene at the research institute, a cold look entered his eyes. “Back then, when you had just fallen into a coma after being poisoned, Jack refused to send you to the hospital. Tell me, what do you think his intentions are?”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne halted what she was thinking as she wavered. He coldly continued, “Do you think traditional medicine could’ve saved you back then?”
Without hesitation, she shook her head. “I may be unconscious back then, but | know how dire the situation was. Even if the person who fainted weren't me, | wouldn’t necessarily have the courage to accept the responsibility of treating them.”
As he gazed intensely at her, he signaled for her to continue, so she did. “Traditional medicine has been passed down for many years because it’s effective in combating chronic diseases. The best way to handle my situation yesterday was to send me to the emergency room immediately because the poison gas had invaded my brain. Acupuncture was worth a try, but the risk of failing is greater. Of course, | wouldn’t take that risk when better options were available.”
“What would've happened if you didn’t receive treatment in time?” Lucian inquired.
Roxanne gave that question some thought and replied seriously, “If it weren’t too serious, then | would’ve been in a vegetative state. If it were, | would’ve died. Even if | was lucky enough to wake up, | think | would’ve become mentally disabled.”
When her train of thought ended there, she expressed her gratitude to him. “If not for your help, one of those three scenarios would've been my fate, Mr. Farwell. So, thank you.”
As though he didn’t hear her thanks, he continued to focus on Jack. “Do you think Jack was unaware of those three possibilities?”
Roxanne hesitated to shake her head. Jack definitely knows about those possibilities, but if | shake my head, Lucian will become more suspicious of him, and | don’t want either of us to suspect him even more.
Upon detecting her hesitation, Lucian stared at her coldly. “You still don’t think he’s suspicious?” Frowning, she speculated, “Maybe... Mr. Damaris has his reasons.”
After all, he may have experience using acupuncture to treat those attacked by that poison. If that’s true, it brings up another question. Why does he just so happen to know how to deal with such a rare poison? If that’s not the case, why did he insist on not sending me to the hospital and opting to use acupuncture to treat me instead? While chaos roamed in her mind, she put on a calm facade.
Gazing at her, Lucian questioned, “Do you know what Jack was doing when | went to him?” Roxanne tensed up upon hearing his tone, thinking that he had discovered some sort of irrefutable evidence. If that happens, | may need to change my long-standing impression of Jack...
As he recalled Jack's actions, he narrowed his eyes. “He was preparing to remove your clothes! He’s just an animal who takes advantage of you, yet you still trust him so much.”
That dumbfounded her. | thought he had ironclad evidence, but that’s all? Due to her frequent acupuncture sessions, she was used to taking patients’ clothes off during treatment.
It was why she was dumbstruck by Lucian’s reaction. Did Lucian really think Jack took off my clothes because he wanted to... Then again, Lucian did get jealous many times before. I’m not sure how to describe what I’m feeling right now... 
###Chapter 1231
Chapter 1231
A few moments later, Roxanne organized her thoughts and explained, “It’s just standard procedure for acupuncture. If he wants to perform it on me, he can’t do it with my clothes on.”
Upon hearing that, Lucian furrowed his eyebrows slightly as a look of dissatisfaction flashed past his eyes. Now that | think about it, Jack did need to remove her clothes to perform acupuncture on her. Still, it was disturbing!
His jealous expression amused her. “Setting that aside, Jack’s behavior is still very suspicious,” Lucian concluded stubbornly. That rendered Roxanne speechless.
While she didn’t want to believe Jack was acting maliciously, she had to admit that, from an ive point of view, he was pretty suspicious.
Lucian frowned at her and informed her coldly, “I plan to investigate this matter in the afternoon. Will you join me?” Nodding, Roxanne was about to accept his invitation when the children pounced into her embrace.
Thus, instead of replying to him, she stared at the children, puzzled.
“Mommy!” Benny peered at his mother caringly. “Are you going out in the afternoon?”
The children overheard the adults’ conversation because they had been somewhat intentionally playing around the two. When they heard Lucian was about to investigate his love rival, they were enthused to lend a helping hand.
Roxanne smiled at them. “I may need to visit the research institute later. Is it okay if you three are alone at home in the afternoon?”
The moment she ended her sentence, Benny shook his head. Perplexed, she asked, “What’s the matter?”
He grabbed her hand. “You've just recovered, Mommy. Even though you're not in the hospital right now, you should still rest at home for a couple of days.”
Then he glanced at his brother.
In response, Archie added, “We were really scared when we saw you like that yesterday! Mommy, please, we don’t want to witness that again!”
Estella nodded vigorously. “You need to rest properly, Ms. Jarvis. |...” As she inadvertently recalled Roxanne’s comatose state yesterday, her eyes reddened. “I don’t want you to get sick anymore, Ms. Jarvis!”
Roxanne’s heart ached when she saw the children’s anxious countenances.
“Since the children are so worried about you, you should rest at home for a few days,” Lucian spoke up. “I have said it before, but my goal isn’t to prove Jack did something bad. | merely want to catch the perpetrator who hurt you. You can just relax.”
She didn’t expect he would say something like that in front of the children and blushed. Then, she reflexively turned to them to see their reaction.
Thoughitfully, the children pretended not to hear anything.
Upon seeing their lack of unusual reaction, Roxanne sighed in her mind. “In that case, I'll tell Dr. Galloway to grant you entry into the research institute in the afternoon.”
Lucian nodded.
Since it was already noon, she asked him to stay for lunch.
Once lunch was over, he left.
Estella stared at her father with hope. “Can I stay, Daddy?”
When he turned to face her, he saw her grabbing onto the hem of Roxanne’s shirt tightly.
It was apparent the girl was unwilling to part with Roxanne so soon after what happened yesterday.
Hence, he furrowed his eyebrows and said, “Ask Ms. Jarvis. If she’s willing to let you stay, you can.” 
###Chapter 1232
Chapter 1232
Lucian’s reply took Roxanne by surprise. | didn’t expect Lucian would allow Essie to stay or even ask me to decide if she could. Immediately upon receiving her father’s approval, Estella turned to Roxanne. “Ms. Jarvis...” The boys approached them. “Please let Essie stay, Mommy!”
Roxanne hesitated for a moment when she saw the anticipation in the boys’ eyes. In the end, she found herself unable to say no. “Fine. If Essie wants to stay, she can.”
Delight colored the children’s countenances as they cheered.
Roxanne couldn't help but grin upon seeing that.
As Lucian’s expression softened, he shifted his sight toward her.
Upon detecting his gaze, she suddenly tensed up. Even her expression was slightly frozen.
“Since you don’t mind, I'll be counting on you to take care of Essie for the next few days, Ms. Jarvis,” Lucian uttered. In response, Roxanne pursed her lips and smile.
Before he left, he informed, “I'll arrive at the research institute at two in the afternoon.”
She nodded. “I'll let Dr. Galloway know and ask him to head over there earlier.”
When their conversation ended, Lucian turned and left.
Roxanne and the children watched his car disappear from their sight before returning to the mansion. It was nearly two in the afternoon, so she swiftly gave Colby a call.
Meanwhile, Colby had just left the surveillance room.
He stayed up for the entire night scrubbing all traces of his misdeed.
After learning Lucian would investigate the matter during the morning from Roxanne’s call, he inspected all the surveillance footage again.
He only dragged his exhausted body out of the surveillance room after he found no problems with the footage.
To his surprise, he received another call from Roxanne just as he left.
She said, “Mr. Farwell will be heading over there at two in the afternoon. So, you may need to reach there a little earlier.” Colby’s heart sank when he heard that. | know it’s only a matter of time before Lucian comes, but | didn’t expect it to be so soon! Still, he agreed to her request. “Got it. I’m at the research institute right now, so he’s free to visit whenever he wants.”
It was almost two when he ended the call.
Hence, he immediately returned to the surveillance room to recheck the surveillance footage.
Just as he did that in suspense, he heard someone knocking on the door.
“Mr. Farwell has arrived, Dr. Galloway,” the receptionist informed while Lucian stood next to her. Colby’s expression shifted drastically before he forced himself to calm down as quickly as possible.
A few seconds later, he turned to the entrance with a polite smile. “You should’ve called me when you arrived, Mr. Farwell. | could've welcomed you at the building entrance.”
Lucian’s line of sight landed on the surveillance footage on the screen and inquired, “What is this, Dr. Galloway?”
“| couldn’t help but feel something was amiss about what happened yesterday. Thus, | decided to check the surveillance footage in hopes of finding anything fishy. Since you're also planning to investigate yesterday’s incident, how about we examine the footage together?”
Silently, Lucian gazed at him for a few seconds.
Meanwhile, Colby felt his heart pounding. Yet, he had to stifle his anxiety and pretend as though nothing was going on. 
###Chapter 1233
Chapter 1233
After a while, Lucian shifted his icy look away from Colby, to which the latter responded with a calm sigh of relief.
Then, Colby reflexively stepped away and allowed Lucian to take his seat while he stood at the side.
Both of them then watched yesterday’s surveillance footage, starting with the experiment Roxanne was performing with Jack. In the footage, they saw Roxanne joking around with Jack.
Colby was also in the footage, but he was a few steps behind Roxanne and Jack with an expression completely different from theirs.
Overall, it seemed as though Colby was the only one focusing on the experiment while the other two were not involved in any work.
Lucian always thought Roxanne was way too intimate with Jack.
However, it was the first time he saw the two of them interacting with each other without his presence. They don’t look like business partners at all! It's completely different from how Roxanne describes their relationship.
The longer he watched the footage, the colder his expression became. Even the surrounding temperature was dropping.
He was further enraged when he saw Jack and Roxanne only needed to exchange a glance to know what each other was doing. When did the two of them start having this tacit agreement in whatever they do? If someone who doesn’t know the true nature of their relationship sees this, they'll think they're a couple!
His fury reached its peak after he saw Jack attempting to wipe Roxanne’s sweat away with tissue paper.
On the side, Colby was confident if Roxanne hadn’t dodged Jack's attempt, Lucian would’ve probably smashed the screen into pieces.
As he continued watching the footage, he grew tenser.
Even though he had ensured his doctored surveillance footage was flawless, he was still worried because Lucian was the one inspecting the footage with him.
Lucian’s presence alone gave him a lot of pressure. When the screen displayed the footage he modified, it took him everything he got to remain composed. Carefully, Colby observed Lucian’s expression.
Lucian merely furrowed his eyebrows. It was difficult for anyone to tell what he felt from his expressionless countenance, but that didn’t stop Colby from getting cold feet.
It wasn’t until the surveillance footage showed Jack carrying Roxanne out of the laboratory that Lucian suddenly moved. Fear flashed past Colby’s eyes.
In response, he bit his lower lip hard, so much so that he could taste blood in his mouth, to steady his nerves.
“Replay that section of the footage again,” Lucian ordered imposingly as he glanced at him.
Colby shuddered slightly in response and did as Lucian asked.
It was the part right after the poison gas leaked into the room, and the laboratory was thrown into chaos. Holding his breath, Colby blinked as he watched the footage again.
From his perspective, he didn’t see anything odd.
However, he was concerned Lucian had discovered something was out of place. Why would Lucian ask him to roll back the footage otherwise?
Therefore, he steeled himself and asked, “Did you see anything odd in the footage, Mr. Farwell?”
The look in Lucian’s eyes remained grim as he watched that section of the footage until the last second. There’s nothing odd, which is precisely the problem. Aside from Jack, Roxanne, and Colby, no one else approached the lab table. In that case, the only suspects are Jack and Colby, yet they didn’t act suspiciously in the footage at all! 
###Chapter 1234
Chapter 1234
Colby was getting very nervous because Lucian still hadn’t replied to him yet.
Meanwhile, he kept telling himself the reason Lucian wasn’t speaking was that the latter hadn’t spotted anything fishy. As long as | didn’t mess up while doctoring the footage, Lucian’s biggest suspect will only be Jack!
When his train of thought ended there, he suddenly gained confidence, and he relaxed. After an unknown amount of time passed, Lucian left his seat without any facial expression. Promptly, Colby asked, “Where do you want to check next, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian was still thinking about the footage he watched.
Hence, when he heard Colby’s question, he said, “We'll take a look at the research facility.”
“All right!” Colby was relieved to hear that. Based on his expression, I’m pretty sure he didn’t notice anything. I've successfully fooled him with the footage. As for the research facility, I've already swapped out all the medicine on the research table. There’s no way I'll be exposed!
As he thought about that, he cheerfully brought Lucian to the research facility.
On the way there, Lucian passed by many researchers. All of them were so taken aback by his imposing demeanor that they didn’t have the nerve to greet him.
Soon, the duo arrived at the research facility. Without Colby’s guide, Lucian strode straight toward the research table Roxanne used yesterday.
After sweeping his gaze across the table, he noticed all the medicine on the furniture was brand new. Frigidly, he questioned, “Who changed them?”
Hearing that, Colby promptly explained, “Dr. Jarvis and Mr. Damaris almost finished using them yesterday. Additionally, we weren't sure if the medicine contributed to Dr. Jarvis’ condition after what happened. Thus, we replaced all of them with new ones to prevent the same tragedy from occurring.”
It was a logical explanation that he was confident even Lucian couldn't argue with.
After all, while Roxanne’s experiment couldn't continue, other research still needed to be conducted at the research institute. Furthermore, the employees there needed to deal with those potentially harmful medicines.
All of that meant Lucian had one less lead to follow.
As Colby put a few bottles of medicine in front of Lucian, he said, “These are the medicine Dr. Jarvis and Mr. Damaris used yesterday. | wonder if it’s because this batch of drugs is from a different manufacturer than the pre-test one.”
Upon hearing that, Lucian turned to him with a puzzled look. “While it’s still the same type of medicine, different manufacturers make the same stuff differently. Thus, the results of
experiments may be different. In the past, whenever we started using another manufacturer's products, we would conduct a pre- test again. It seems like there was an oversight this time.”
Lucian glanced at the bottles and ordered, “Bring these medicines to my car.” It seems like I’ve gotten a new lead. I’m going to have these medicines inspected first.
Speedily, Colby ordered the staff members to do as Lucian asked.
“Is there anything else, Mr. Farwell?” he asked hypocritically.
Dissatisfied, Lucian informed, “That's all for now. Try to recover the original medicines on the lab table.” Colby panicked a little. “That's...” | may be exposed if those original bottles are recovered.
Sensing his hesitation, Lucian peered at him frigidly. “It’s only been one night. Are you telling me those bottles have been destroyed?”
Colby shuddered. “N-Not yet. I’ll try to retrieve them as soon as | can.” 
###Chapter 1235
Chapter 1235
Lucian remained at the research institute for the entire afternoon.
After he left the building in the evening, he glanced at the time. A brief hesitation flashed past his eyes before he called Cayden and asked him to grab the medicine in his possession for examination. Then he drove to Roxanne’s place.
Meanwhile, the children were playing with each other at home.
Roxanne was preparing their dinner absentmindedly.
It was because she felt a little regretful after Lucian left.
After all, he was investigating a matter involving her, and she wanted to be a part of it. Furthermore, that was the main reason she left the hospital in the first place.
However, she simply couldn’t leave the house because the children refused to let her go.
To make matters worse, she still hadn’t gotten a single text or call from Lucian for the whole afternoon. Hence, she had no idea if he unearthed anything.
Just as Roxanne was getting distracted, she heard the children’s voice in the living room.
The children suddenly heard the doorbell ringing while they were playing and opened the door. When they saw who it was, they gleefully greeted, “Mr. Fairwell!”
Even though Lucian was in a rather foul mood, he still smiled a little when he met their bright eyes. As he lifted his sight from the children, he noticed Roxanne wasn't in the living room.
Hence, he asked the boys, “Where’s your mommy?”
They pointed at the kitchen in unison.
Right as Lucian was going to step into the kitchen, Benny mysteriously grabbed the hem of his shirt and gestured for him to bend down.
Lucian did as the boy wished and positioned his ear next to Benny.
“Mommy has been absentminded for the entire afternoon thinking about something,” Benny whispered. Upon hearing that, Lucian smiled and patted the boy’s head. “Thank you for telling me.”
Then he stepped into the kitchen.
The children might not know why Roxanne was distracted, but he did. Roxanne’s undoubtedly curious about my investigation progress. In that case, it seems like | arrived in the nick of time.
Right as Roxanne returned to her senses and turned around to check out the commotion in the living room, she saw him arriving at the kitchen entrance.
As they stared at each other, she couldn’t help but recall what he had said before he left and blushed uncontrollably.
“Why are you suddenly here?” She was used to them not meeting each other often.
Therefore, when Lucian visited her for the second time on the same day, she felt a little awkward.
Composedly, he answered, “I’m here to visit Essie and tell you what | discovered during the afternoon.”
Upon hearing that, she ignored her awkwardness and inquired, “How did the investigation go?”
As Lucian watched Roxanne fret about the matter, he felt his mood lifted. Then, an urge to tease her surfaced in his heart.
“I'm hungry.” He raised his eyebrow and stared at the dinner she was preparing.
She was stunned for a few moments before she understood what he meant. Though, she appeared hesitant. While | want to develop my relationship with him naturally, this may be progressing a little too fast...
“The only thing | ate since yesterday afternoon was a sandwich. | don’t have the energy to talk much.” Lucian’s voice rang in the kitchen again.
Feeling apologetic toward him and eager to learn the results of his investigation, Roxanne eventually agreed to his request. “I’m preparing dinner right now. If you don’t mind, you can stay and eat with us. We can talk after our meal.” 
###Chapter 1236
Chapter 1236
Upon obtaining the answer he desired, Lucian raised his eyebrow. “I shall graciously accept your invitation, then.”
When Roxanne heard that, she still felt a little awkward, even though she was the one who asked him to join her for dinner. It was a rare harmonious moment between them.
To her surprise, Lucian proceeded to ask, “Do you need any help?”
That rendered Roxanne speechless for a few seconds.
After snapping back to reality, she shook her head awkwardly. “No need. You can help me watch over the children instead.” A hint of disappointment was visible on his face, though he still nodded in agreement.
She thought he would enter the living room to do that, but he just leaned against the kitchen entrance and gazed at her. His action confused her.
Upon noticing her confusion, Lucian explained, “I can watch them from here. Besides, you’re eager to learn the results of my investigation, no? | can reveal a little bit to you first while you prepare dinner.”
Despite still feeling uncomfortable, Roxanne quietly returned to preparing dinner because she was interested in the investigation.
As he watched her busy about, he slowly recalled what she was like six years ago. She was like that in the past, working in the kitchen countless times to prepare my meals. However, | never cherished her effort. It makes me feel guilty now that I’m thinking back on it, but it also strengthens my determination to get back with her!
The children waited for the adults for a long while in the living room before they approached the kitchen with curiosity. “Daddy?” “Mommy?” they uttered in unison on their way to their destination.
Then, when they saw the scene in the room, they kept quiet so as not to disturb their parents.
It was as if they were staring at a painting of Lucian, strapping as always, and Roxanne, busying in the kitchen.
In response, Archie shushed his siblings before they all sneaked back into the living room.
Upon hearing the children’s movements, Lucian glanced behind him.
He grinned when he saw them before shifting his attention back to Roxanne.
However, because he was gazing at her, Roxanne felt slightly tense and moved much slower than usual.
Hence, dinner took a little longer to be ready. Just as she was about to serve a dish, Lucian abruptly did it for her.
Roxanne froze for a few moments as complicated emotions swelled in her heart. If Lucian had treated me like this even once six years ago, perhaps | wouldn't have left... Well, it’s too late to think about that now.
“What's the matter?” he questioned with a frown after he set a dish down on the dining table, returned to the kitchen to grab another, and saw Roxanne rooted to the spot.
His voice pulled her out of her thoughts. Then, she suppressed her emotions and grinned at him as though nothing had happened. “It’s nothing. | was just wondering about the results of your investigation.”
Lucian noticed something was off with her tone. “Are you feeling unwell?”
Roxanne’s eyelashes trembled as she nodded vaguely. “Maybe I’m feeling a little dizzy after sleeping too long yesterday. I'll be fine after | adjust my routine.”
Then she returned to making dinner rather hastily. 
###Chapter 1237
Chapter 1237
Sensing that she was out of sorts, Lucian felt like probing further. However, he swallowed his words at the last moment when he thought of their previous interaction.
Even when the table had been set up, neither of them said a word.
As for the three children, who were already seated at the table, the sight of their parents busying themselves brought glee to their faces.
The delight they exuded gradually softened Roxanne’s heart.
Even though Roxanne had calmed down after dinner, the results of the investigations from the afternoon were still on her mind. “Mr. Farwell, are you ready to talk about it?”
Filled with curiosity, the children inquired with their childish voices, “Talk about what?”
Roxanne flashed a smile at them. “It relates to the research institute and has nothing to do with you. Go out and play now.” In response, the children looked toward Lucian for verification.
The latter affirmed in a serious tone, “Go on now.”
Only then did they slowly make their way out of the mansion.
Both of them settled down on the couch with coffee by their respective sides.
“How is the investigation coming along? Is there any progress?” With her brows slightly knitted, Roxanne was filled with concern. “Is it related to Mr. Damaris...”
Refusing to believe that Jack was capable of something like that, she was anxious for an answer.
However, her mention of Jack caused Lucian’s eyes to narrow.
He still couldn’t shake the scene from the surveillance cameras of her happily chatting with Jack.
Even now, she’s still worried about him.
Lucian felt an uncontrollable fit of rage welling up inside him.
However, the thought of her busy silhouette in the kitchen earlier helped him suppress his anger with remorse.
After a slight pause, Lucian began to speak. “As of now, there’s no concrete evidence of any kind that points to Jack.”
Even though his words triggered a sigh of relief from Roxanne, he continued speaking before she could declare that Jack wasn’t involved.
“That itself makes him more of a suspect.” Roxanne knitted her brows in shock. “What makes you say that?”
When Lucian sensed how protective she was over Jack, his tone took a turn. “I’ve checked the surveillance feeds but didn’t find anything incriminating in them. However, Jack is the one who has spent the most time in the lab other than you. A few minutes before the incident, he went out to take a call. Wasn't it too much of a coincidence?”
Furthermore, his suspicions were intensified by the deep understanding Jack had on poisons.
Thinking back to what happened the previous day, Roxanne began to waver.
Although it was true that Jack coincidentally left the lab then, she still couldn’t accept casting suspicion upon the very person who had invited her to join the project.
Moreover, she felt that Lucian was being influenced by his personal emotions in making the accusation.
Holding that thought, Roxanne sighed under her breath. “If you’re accusing Mr. Damaris without any corroborating evidence, | would advise you to be more rational in your investigation, Mr. Farwell.”
As they lock gazes with each other, Lucian’s displeasure couldn’t be any more obvious. Nevertheless, Roxanne maintained eye contact without any intention of backing down.
After a long while, Lucian finally retracted his gaze and got to his feet, all while desperately suppressing the anger within him. “I have sent the drugs you used that day for tests. We'll talk about the results once they're out. As for your advice, I'll keep that in mind.”
With that, Lucian turned and left before Roxanne could respond.
After watching the video from the surveillance cameras and seeing how protective she was of Jack, Lucian couldn't predict what he would do if he continued the conversation.
Losing his composure in front of her was something he swore not to repeat. 
###Chapter 1238
Chapter 1238
Roxanne’s eyes brimmed with helplessness as she watched Lucian’s leaving silhouette.
Meanwhile, the three children were playing happily outside when they saw Lucian emerge with a scowl on his face. The sight instantly caused their smiles to freeze.
“Daddy...” Estella warily grabbed hold of Lucian’s sleeve. “Did you argue with Ms. Jarvis again?” Given how hard it was for Lucian and Roxanne to mend ties, she didn’t want to see them on bad terms again. Archie and Benny, too, gave him a look of concern.
Made aware of his glowering expression, Lucian quickly regained his composure and tousled the children’s hair. “It’s nothing. We just have different opinions about work.”
Since Roxanne had often used the same excuse every time they quarreled, his words served to deepen the children’s suspicions.
Cognizant of what was going through their minds, Lucian comforted them, “I'll come and see you again tomorrow.”
That was his way of promising that he would return.
Only then were the children’s concerns eased as they bid him goodbye.
Over the next few days, Lucian would have dinner at Roxanne’s house under the pretext of visiting Estella.
Whenever Roxanne wanted to turn him down, he would then claim that there was progress in the investigations to report.
Consequently, the former had no choice but to accommodate him.
Throughout that period, Estella stayed in Roxanne’s house and had entirely forgotten about the new kindergarten.
Pamela, who still felt guilty over the bullying incident, didn’t dare call Lucian to inquire about her absence. Hence, she had no choice but to contact Aubree instead.
“Ms. Pearson, is Essie not feeling well the last few days?”
Aubree was puzzled by the question. “What? Why did you say that?”
Asense of hope began to swell within her.
If Estella was really sick, she could pretend to visit the former just to approach Lucian.
However, Pamela was equally clueless. “She hasn’t come to school recently, so | thought she was sick, isn’t she?” The words caused Aubree’s face to darken.
Over the last few days, she had been scheming on how to break Roxanne and Lucian up. Although she had contacted him a few times, he would quickly brush her off. Thus, she had no idea what was going on with Estella.
Little did she expect the latter to have missed kindergarten for a few days.
Based on Lucian’s previous attitude, sending Essie to the new kindergarten was his way of declaring that his relationship with Roxanne has ended. Now that Essie isn’t going there anymore, does it mean that he has changed his mind?
The thought filled Aubree with frustration.
Meanwhile, when Pamela didn’t receive a response, she carefully called out, “Ms. Pearson?”
Regaining her senses, Aubree desperately suppressed her anger despite wearing a scowl on her face. “Essie is feeling under the weather. I’m sorry that | forgot to inform you about it.”
Pamela didn’t think too much about it. “That's a relief. | thought—”
She subsequently let out an awkward chuckle before changing her words mid-sentence. “In that case, she should take her time to recuperate at home. There’s no rush to come back to school.”
After grunting in acknowledgment, Aubree ended the call before Pamela could say anything else. She was afraid that she would lose her temper if the conversation were to drag on any longer. After all, the scene of Estella crying her eyes out when she saw Roxanne hadn't slipped Aubree’s mind.
Roxanne must be the reason that little b*tch didn’t go to school! 
###Chapter 1239
Chapter 1239
No matter how she thought about it, Aubree just couldn’t calm down.
It wasn’t until she gave Cory a call that she found out about Roxanne’s discharge from the hospital. Without a doubt, the news further unsettled her.
After much contemplation, she steeled herself and gave Lucian a call.
However, she had to wait for a long while before she heard an answer in a frosty voice. “What is it?”
Despite gritting her teeth, she maintained a caring tone. “Lucian, | just received a call from Ms. Yaxley saying that Essie has missed school recently. Is she not feeling well?”
The moment she finished, Aubree felt her heart tense up as if she was afraid of hearing Lucian say that Estella was at Roxanne’s.
Furrowing his brows in brief silence, Lucian replied, “Essie is at my mom’s. You don’t have to bother. As for the teacher, just inform her that Essie is sick.”
Due to the bad blood between Aubree and Roxanne, Lucian didn’t plan on letting the former know where Estella really was. In addition, Lucian was certain of his feelings for Roxanne after the poisoning incident.
That was the reason he felt the need to draw the line with Aubree.
However, Aubree doubted the truth in his words.
Given how important | am to Sonya, I’m sure she would invite me over if Essie was by her side. After all, it’s a great opportunity for me to bond with the little girl. Since that didn’t happen, I’m not buying Lucian’s story.
Coming to that conclusion, Aubree felt her heart sink. At the same time, she replied in a skeptical tone, “Really? I’m surprised that | didn’t hear about something this important.”
With no intention of continuing the conversation, Lucian remarked, “I still have a meeting to attend. If there’s nothing else, I’m ending the call now.”
With that, he hung up on Aubree before she could react.
Upon hearing the call end tone, Aubree’s face lost all color.
That little b*tch must be at Roxanne’s. | can’t think of any other reason Lucian would lie to me. Amidst her fury, a sudden knock on the door was heard.
Aubree stood up to get it despite looking upset.
When she saw who it was, she didn’t bother hiding her displeasure.
“Aubree, what happened? Why do you look so angry?”
Worried that Aubree would do something impulsive, Frieda came over to check on her. Concern filled her mind the moment she saw the look on Aubree’s face.
Aubree seethed as she spoke. “That little b*tch has gone to Roxanne’s house again!”
The news shocked Frieda. “Isn’t she supposed to be in the hospital?”
She clearly remembered Jonathan telling her that Roxanne’s poisoning was extremely serious. Hence, she was surprised at how fast Roxanne was discharged.”
Aubree slammed the door to vent her frustration. “That b*tch is da*n lucky. Why didn’t she die from the poison?”
Frieda still couldn’t believe what happened. “Have you asked Mr. Zaythrone about it? Given Roxanne’s critical condition, the poison in her body would still take time to dissipate even after she woke up. How did she manage to leave the hospital so soon?”
The frustrated Aubree, annoyed by Frieda’s incessant questioning, gave the latter the side-eye. “How would | know? Cory is nothing but a coward. Ever since | told him that | was trying to kill Roxanne, he stopped contacting me. If | hadn’t asked him about it, he would probably not have told me!”
Unsettled by the tantrum Aubree was throwing, Frieda felt the need to calm the former down. “Um... How did you know that Essie is at Roxanne’s place?” 
###Chapter 1240
Chapter 1240
The question only served to infuriate Aubree further. “Lucian told me about it!” The answer shocked Frieda. “Really? There’s no way he would tell you something like that.” Her words caused Aubree to glare at her, cowing her into silence.
Knowing Lucian, she felt that once he had decided to leave Estella with Roxanne, he would definitely not allow Aubree anywhere near his daughter.
Therefore, she found it hard to believe that Lucian would tell Aubree the truth.
With a scowl on her face, Aubree explained, “He didn’t say it. Instead, he mentioned that Essie was with Mrs. Farwell, who didn’t bring up the matter with me. It’s evident that he’s lying!”
Frieda found the situation to be equally suspicious.
Nonetheless, fearful that the hasty Aubree would make a mistake, she advised, “Why don’t you give Mrs. Farwell a call? Essie might really be there.”
When the scowl on Aubree’s face deepened, Frieda quickly changed her tact.
“If Lucian has lied to you, you should also tell Mrs. Farwell about it. Doesn’t she deserve to know since Lucian sending Essie to Roxanne’s side is a serious matter?”
Knitting her brows, Aubree began to waver upon hearing Frieda’s words. She's right. | can still complain to Sonya.
With that thought in mind, Aubree gave Sonya a call.
The latter answered quickly. “What's the matter, Aubree?”
Upon regaining her composure, she spoke in a concerned tone. “Mrs. Farwell, Essie’s teacher just called and told me that Essie has been absent from school for the last few days. Lucian mentioned that she’s with you. | was wondering if she’s not feeling well?”
Sonya’s brows furrowed at once. “Isn’t Essie with the two of you?”
Even though the answer was expected, Aubree still felt disheartened to hear Sonya say it. Nevertheless, she pretended to be understanding. “I've been busy recently and didn’t have time to see Essie. | might have heard wrongly, so I'll call Lucian to check.”
With that, she made some idle chatter with Sonya before ending the call. She was afraid of losing her temper if they were to continue the conversation.
“Aubree—"
Standing opposite her, Frieda felt tense when she saw the grave look on Aubree’s face.
Before she could finish her sentence, she saw Aubree smash her phone to the ground in rage. “It’s that b*tch again. Lucian must have sent Essie to her!”
Panic descended upon Frieda. “How is that possible? Even if she has really been discharged from the hospital, she must still be very weak. If she can’t even take care of herself, why would Lucian send Essie to her?”
It would have been better for Frieda not to have spoken. Now that she had mentioned it, Aubree immediately recalled how worried Estella was for Roxanne.
Instead of thinking of it as Lucian’s idea, | think that little b*tch requested it herself. Who knows, she might be taking care of Roxanne this very minute!
The thought filled Aubree with rage. “Instead of guessing, we’ll know what that little b*tch is up to by seeing for ourselves!” No sooner has Aubree spoken than she stormed out of the house. Frieda didn’t even have time to react.
All this while, | have treated that little snitch very well and catered to her every whim, and yet, she clings on to someone else. When | become Mrs. Farwell one day, I'll definitely skin her alive! 
###Chapter 1241
Chapter 1241
“Aubree!”
Frieda only came back to her senses after Aubree left in a huff.
Aloud slam sounded downstairs.
Frieda hurried over to the balcony to see Aubree marching into her car and driving away swiftly. The sight caused Frieda to ball up her fists in frustration.
| came here today to convince Aubree not to act recklessly! Instead of achieving that, | have actually given her the idea of settling scores with Roxanne. If she heads there alone, she’ll surely cause a commotion!
Frieda quickly ran down the stairs and went after Aubree’s car, which was heading for Roxanne’s house.
On the other hand, Roxanne and the children had no idea about what happened back in Aubree’s house.
Roxanne was preparing lunch for the children in the kitchen.
“Mommy, will Mr. Farwell have lunch with us today?” Benny asked eagerly at the door of the kitchen.
The children noticed Lucian’s dedication as he showed up every day, but they still felt uncertain.
Hearing that, Roxanne paused in her tracks. She belatedly became aware that Lucian and the children had grown close recently. They were so close that the kids assumed that it was normal for Lucian to have dinner there.
“Can you ask Mr. Farwell to bring me a small cake?” Benny changed his question.
Roxanne regained her composure and flashed a smile. “I don’t know. You can call Mr. Farwell and ask him about it.” Benny's eyes lit up. He ran away excitedly and got his smartwatch to call Lucian.
Archie and Estella waited aside eagerly.
Before Benny could find Lucian’s phone number, the doorbell rang.
Lucian was the only visitor recently, so the kids didn’t think much and assumed he arrived ahead of time.
“Mr. Farwell!”
Benny placed his smartwatch down, and the kids ran to the door to open it.
When the door opened, the kids’ smiles froze on their faces.
Aubree looked down and swept her gaze over the kids. She went cold with fury upon noticing Estella standing behind Archie and Benny.
“Essie, come home with me.”
She extended her hand with a forced smile, giving Estella an opportunity before she lost it.
Achill ran down Estella’s spine when she noticed Aubree’s expression. The young girl recoiled in fear, hiding behind Archie and Benny.
Aubree’s hand paused mid-air, and her expression turned grim.
Along while later, she retracted her hand and glared at the kids. “Where is Roxanne?”
The kids stared at her warily. “Mommy isn’t at home. Don’t come here anymore.”
They stepped back, ready to close the door.
Realizing their intention, Aubree pushed the door open forcefully and strode into the house.
The kids wanted to stop her, but they were too powerless to do so, and could only watch as she strode into the living room. “Roxanne, you b*tch. Come out now!” Aubree screeched loudly.
Aubree did a thorough scan of the living room, but when she discovered that there was no one else present, she proceeded toward the rooms in search of Roxanne.
In the kitchen, Roxanne heard the commotion outside. Her heart sank as she walked out of the kitchen to see what happened.
Once she came outside, she saw the kids standing in a circle around a furious Aubree, who was obviously here to cause a ruckus. 
###Chapter 1242
Chapter 1242
“Bttch!” When Aubree spotted Roxanne, she marched up to her with her arm raised, ready to deliver a tight slap.
Roxanne’s brows furrowed at the sight. Before she could lift her hand to block the oncoming attack, Aubree suddenly stumbled and nearly collapsed to the ground.
The kids’ shrill voices rang out, “Don’t you dare bully Mommy!”
Roxanne was taken aback and lowered her head in surprise. Without anyone noticing, the children had quickly run to stand ina line between her and Aubree, forming a protective barrier.
It was clear that Aubree had stumbled because of their actions.
With a scowl, Aubree regained her balance. She cast her gaze downward, fixing her eyes on the three young children who had positioned themselves between her and Roxanne.
“Who are you to stop me? B*stards, stay away from me! Otherwise, don’t blame me for taking action!” she warned.
Before she could walk past them, Estella reached out to grab the corner of her clothes. Glaring at her, the little girl declared, “Don't you dare bully Ms. Jarvis!”
Aubree gritted her teeth in anger. “Let go of me, you ingrate! | have treated you well, haven’t |? How could you side with this b*tch?”
Naturally, Estella held onto her clothing firmly, refusing to let go. Instead, she held on even tighter. Feeling a stab of anger, Aubree reached out to push Estella away. “Scram! I’ll teach you a lesson after dealing with that b*tch!”
Estella was completely taken aback by her unexpected shove, and if it hadn’t been for Archie and Benny immediately coming to her aid and providing her with the necessary support, she might have stumbled and fallen to the ground.
Roxanne had reached her breaking point with Aubree’s threatening behavior toward the children. She firmly stated, “This is my home and | won't tolerate any more trouble from you. I’ve already warned you to leave, so | suggest you do so now.”
Aubree let out a derisive snort and spun around to face Roxanne. “You've got some nerve to demand me to leave, huh?” she spat. “Have you completely forgotten the promise you made to keep away from Lucian and Essie? What happened to that?”
Roxanne stiffened, not knowing how to reply.
Aubree’s haughtiness grew as she saw Roxanne remain silent. “So why aren’t you responding? Are you tongue-tied? Don’t think that Lucian has fallen in love with you because he brought you to the hospital while you were unconscious. | can assure you that he would have done the same thing for any other person in the same situation!”
Roxanne’s lashes trembled at her words.
“Mommy.” Archie yanked gently at the corner of Roxanne’s clothes. He assured her, “Don’t listen to her. Mr. Farwell treats you really well!”
Roxanne pursed her lips, but she said naught a word.
Aubree snapped, “Shut up! You know nothing, bast*rd. If your mother hadn’t clung to Lucian, he wouldn’t have given her so much as a glance!”
“That’s not true!” Furious, Benny stood before Roxanne in a protective manner. Their actions merely served to increase Aubree’s fury. She stormed forward angrily, ready to punish them for disrespecting her.
Without hesitation, Roxanne stepped forward and pulled the kids behind her. “This is between us. The children have nothing to do with this!”
Aubree was extremely dissatisfied that her scheme had fallen through. In frustration, she lashed out at Roxanne. “This has nothing to do with them? What did they say earlier? Don’t forget that Lucian is engaged to me. Why would he be so kind to you? That was just because you had no shame and clung to him!”
Roxanne’s face turned as dark as thunder. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. Please leave now. Otherwise, don’t blame me for taking action!”
“You dare hit me?” Aubree screamed, flailing her arms around. “Come, try me! If you dare to lay a hand on me, I'll definitely let Lucian see what a shrew you are!” 
###Chapter 1243
Chapter 1243
Her provocation caused Roxanne to ball her hands into fists by her sides. The kids were right in front of them, so she didn’t want to cause a huge ruckus.
However, Aubree paid no attention to the children as she continued, “Since they are here, they should also learn what a b*tch you are. Lucian is engaged to me, but you wouldn’t let go of him! Did you forget that you had the boys out of wedlock? You don’t have the right to be with Lucian!”
Roxanne’s expression turned dark. “Are you done!”
Aubree looked at her with a cold stare, ready to continue her tirade, but Roxanne stepped forward, her face emotionless. Fear crept up Aubree’s throat as she furrowed her brows.
The realization that she was afraid of Roxanne made her furious. “Hit me if you dare!” she hollered.
Right after she said that, a cushion was thrown in her face.
Aubree stopped talking abruptly. Her face was grim as she faced the direction from which the cushion had been thrown. Even Roxanne was startled at the turn of events.
“Evil woman! Wicked witch! Don’t you dare bully Mommy!”
They were unaware that the children had approached the couch to throw cushions at Aubree.
The children weren't strong enough, so even though they threw a few cushions, only one managed to hit their target.. Even so, Aubree was already heaving in rage. “B*stards!”
“Wicked witch! Leave our house now. We might be young, but we’re not afraid of you!”
The children glared at her without fear.
Slowly, Aubree’s face contorted in fury. “I almost forgot how you poured water over me before. How dare you provoke me again today?”
She then glowered at Estella. “You ingrate! | must punish all of you today!”
“Come at us! We're not afraid of you!” The kids stuck their tongues out cheekily. “We think you’re the one who’s clinging to Mr. Farwell!”
Those words hurt Aubree’s sore spot. She immediately marched over to them. “You little b*stards! | swear I'll teach you a lesson today!”
The children ran away, not showing any fear toward her threat.
Naturally, Roxanne wouldn’t allow her to hurt the children.
Before Aubree could walk past her, Roxanne blocked her path coldly.
“Get out of my way!” Aubree snarled. “You failed to teach them, so let me discipline them on your behalf!”
Roxanne refused to budge. “They are my children, and | don’t need your help to discipline them. Besides, | don’t think they did anything wrong.”
Aubree snorted icily. “Well, it's understandable that they are this rude since they have a homewrecker as a mother.” She had barely finished speaking when a tight slap landed on her cheek.
Shocked filled Aubree’s eyes as she held her cheek. “H-How dare you hit me?”
“Why not?” Roxanne retorted frostily.
She then gave Aubree another slap as if to prove her words.
Before Aubree had a chance to process the initial shock of being slapped, she was slapped again. She was livid. “Good job, Mommy!” the kids cheered and clapped excitedly behind her.
We have had enough of the wicked woman who keeps causing trouble for Mommy. It is great to see her getting slapped twice! 
###Chapter 1244
Chapter 1244
“You ask for it!” Aubree snapped back to her senses and lunged at Roxanne. Roxanne firmly grasped an acupuncture point on Aubree’s arm, causing the latter to experience discomfort and become feeble. “I'm not only going to slap you. | also want to remind you that you’re the real homewrecker!”
Roxanne inched nearer to Aubree. In a voice that only the both of them could hear, she whispered, “You merely got engaged to Lucian, but | was his wife back then. If it wasn’t for you, we wouldn’t have gotten divorced!”
That was the first time Aubree heard of that. Cold sweat beaded on her forehead as she gritted her teeth against the pain. “That’s because Lucian loves me! He wouldn’t have married you if it weren’t for his grandpa!”
Roxanne’s eyelashes quivered. Her heart started wavering, but she quickly tamped her emotions down. Aubree’s actions are too outrageous. | need to solve the problem!
With that thought in mind, Roxanne spoke with a chill in her voice. “Regardless, we were married. If you hate homewreckers, then you should have kept your distance from him instead of becoming one yourself!”
Aubree paled visibly. “You're being unreasonable!” “You know well if I’m being unreasonable or not.”
Roxanne applied pressure to an acupuncture point on Aubree’s arm. After making sure that Aubree was too weak to resist, she pushed her away.
Aubree sucked in a deep breath as it felt like her arm was going numb from the pain. However, she mustered her courage to avenge herself as she could not tolerate the insults she had previously earlier.
Right when she pounced on Roxanne with the latter retaliating by applying pressure to her acupuncture point, a commotion sounded at the door of the mansion.
“Aubree!”
Frieda had finally arrived. She hurried into the mansion and saw the chaotic scene. Without hesitation, she shoved Roxanne away. “Are you crazy? Can't you have a civil discussion?”
Roxanne had applied pressure to acupuncture points on both Aubree’s arms, causing her so much pain that she could barely stand. Frieda had to step in to help her, steadying her so she wouldn't fall.
“You're crazy!” Aubree shot Roxanne a vicious glare. She turned to Frieda and complained, “She’s nuts!” Frieda was both flustered and livid with rage upon seeing Aubree in distress. She growled, “Don’t you realize that Aubree is
Lucian’s fiancée? How could you do this to her? Don’t you fear the consequences of Lucian taking action against you?”
Roxanne had two needles in her hand, and no one knew when or where she got them from. Her eyes were blocks of ice as she declared, “She was the one who kicked up a fuss first. If Lucian wants to take action against me, he’s welcome to do so. However...”
She brandished the needles and stalked closer to Aubree.
Frieda’s heart pounded as she felt fear grip her throat when she saw the look on Roxanne’s face. She held Aubree tightly and backed away, her movements slow and cautious.
After taking two steps back, she thought she looked like a coward and forced herself to come to a stop. “What do you want to do?”
Roxanne glanced at her needles and replied calmly, “What else can | do? I’m sure you know the answer. Ms. Pearson needs to be taught a lesson, and I’m not going to let you off the hook. You’re going to ask Lucian to take action against me, so why should I let you go so easily?”
Amenacing look flashed across her face. “Archie, Benny, take Essie upstairs.”
The children had no idea what she wanted to do, but it was obvious she wasn’t getting bullied anymore. They agreed obediently and led Estella upstairs.
They were still climbing the stairs when an anguished scream sounded behind them. 
###Chapter 1245
Chapter 1245
Before Frieda could react, Roxanne had already jabbed the needle into Aubree’s shoulder.
Upon hearing Aubree’s agonized scream, Frieda returned to her senses and tried to stand between the two women despite her fear.
Immediately after she took the first step forward, and before she was able to say anything, a needle was inserted into her wrist.
An excruciating pain shot through her body at once, and Frieda’s mind went blank. Instinctively, she held her wrist and squatted down. She was in so much pain that tears streamed down her face continuously.
“You shouldn't interfere. This is between Ms. Pearson and me,” Roxanne said coldly before going around Frieda and squatting next to Aubree expressionlessly.
Without Frieda’s support, Aubree was hardly able to stand up straight and was resisting the urge to roll on the ground as waves of pain washed over her.
Seeing that Roxanne was not about to let her off, the woman bellowed anxiously, “B*tch! Kill me if you can! Otherwise, | will definitely not let you off...”
Before she could finish her words, a volley of pain tore through her other shoulder. Battling against the intense agony, Aubree held her arm and fell to the ground, her forehead covered in cold sweat.
Roxanne squatted next to her expressionlessly. There was no hint of emotion in her eyes as she watched the two women struggle in pain.
“I'm just teaching you a small lesson so that you know how easy it is for me to kill you guys. Not only that, but | also have countless ways to turn your life into a living hell. Try me if you're not afraid!”
After saying that, Roxanne cast a cold glance at the women and stood up. “My house is too small for important people like the two of you, so get lost right now. If you can’t stand up, | don’t mind helping you.”
As Roxanne spoke, she casually held up an unstained silver needle and flashed it in front of Frieda and Aubree. When the two women saw the needle, their pain intensified, and their faces paled even further. “Just you wait...”
Resentment filled Aubree’s eyes. Her hands, which had already gone numb, were clenched into fists and were trembling uncontrollably.
To prevent Aubree from saying anything that might further provoke Roxanne, Frieda endured her pain and stood up. After walking toward Aubree, she bent over and said, “Aubree, let's go back first...”
While Frieda helped Aubree up, she felt another pang of pain in her arm. Both women were sweating profusely as all color drained from their faces.
Not wanting to stay even a second longer, after getting Aubree to stand on her feet, Frieda quickly dragged her out of the house.
“B*tch! That wretched woman!” Aubree mumbled bitterly as she walked away reluctantly.
“I'm going to kill her! | will kill her!”
The two women attracted numerous scrutinizing gazes as they staggered out of the area outside the mansion. Aubree glared back at those people but received more fingers pointing at her instead.
“Ha! Just from the looks of it, it’s obvious that she has been caught having an affair with someone’s husband. There are so many mistresses these days!”
When Aubree heard that comment, her expression darkened at once. “What nonsense are you spouting? Do you know who | am? How dare you make such accusations about me! | won't let this slide!”
Noticing that the person whom Aubree was scolding had halted in her tracks and was about to walk over to them, Frieda quickly grabbed Aubree’s arm and said, “Aubree, just bear with it a little longer. What if things blow up and word gets to Lucian?”
When Aubree heard that, she threw a furious glare at the passerby once more before walking away with Frieda. 
###Chapter 1246
Chapter 1246
The two of them lowered their heads and clenched their teeth as they continued walking outside while trying their best to ignore the judgmental gazes.
Suddenly, the sound of car brakes screeching to a halt pierced their ears before a car stopped in front of them. The next moment, they heard the slam of a car door.
Frieda and Aubree looked up cautiously and saw Jonathan standing before them, his face contorted with rage. “What did the two of you do? Why are you in such a mess?”
Jonathan noticed the miserable state the women were in as he sized them up and swept his gaze across the nosy passersby who were whispering among themselves.
Intimidated by the man’s threatening aura, the crowd dispersed at once. Jonathan frowned and looked at the two women in confusion. “Did you two find fault with Dr. Jarvis?”
Ever since that day when he saw his sister with Aubree at the hospital, Jonathan had been worrying that she might do something foolish and had gotten someone to keep an eye on her.
Over the past few days, even though Frieda had been visiting Aubree rather frequently, they did not seem to be up to anything. As such, Jonathan chose to turn a blind eye.
However, earlier that afternoon, his subordinate suddenly called to tell him that Frieda and Aubree went to Roxanne’s house.
Jonathan had a bad feeling in his heart when he received the news. Hence, he quickly ended his meeting and headed to the mansion.
However, he was still one step too late!
Frieda’s arm was still hurting as she met her brother’s eyes. Feeling frustrated and aggrieved, she said, “We just wanted to tell her not to bother Lucian again. What’s wrong with that? After all, Lucian and Aubree are engaged to each other!”
Filled with embarrassment, Aubree glanced at Jonathan for a brief second before gritting her teeth and looking away. She clearly remembered that Jonathan had always been on Roxanne’s side. He must be secretly gloating after seeing the pathetic state I’m in!
Jonathan could hardly believe that Frieda had the audacity to talk back to him. Almost choking on his rage, he yelled, “Shut up! This is Lucian’s family matter. What has it got to do with you? What did the two of you do to Dr. Jarvis? Out with it!”
Frieda was trembling with fury when she heard that. “Dr. Jarvis, Dr. Jarvis! All you care about is Dr. Jarvis! Can’t you see that Aubree and | are both injured? You asked me not to get involved with it, but you are the one who seemed to be deeply involved. Since it is Lucian’s family affairs, why are you doing so much? Anyone who didn’t know better would think that you're in love with Roxanne!”
Simmering with anger, Jonathan raised his hand.
“Are you going to hit me as well?”
Tears of anger welled up in Frieda’s eyes as she said, “Just kill me! Otherwise, | will do anything | can to stop Lucian and Roxanne from being together!
Jonathan's hand shook slightly in midair when he noticed his sister’s bloodshot eyes. In the end, he retracted his hand and was about to speak when Aubree suddenly collapsed against Frieda.
“Aubree!” Frieda got a shock. She wanted to hold the woman, but as her arm was aching badly, she could only look toward her brother.
The man hesitated for a second before extending his arm and supporting Aubree.
“It's all your fault! Why did you have to say all those things when Aubree was already feeling terrible because of Roxanne?” Ina fit of anger, Frieda pushed all the blame onto Jonathan.
“Keep quiet!” Jonathan could not be bothered to continue arguing with his sister. “Get into the car. I'll send both of you to the hospital. Don’t let me catch you harassing Dr. Jarvis again!”
After saying that, he put Aubree in his car while Frieda let out a cold snort before getting into the car with a gloomy look on her face.
Both Jonathan and Frieda were preoccupied with their own thoughts, and neither of them noticed the slight change in Aubree’s expression.
Aubree was in a terrible mood from what happened earlier, and her shoulder was hurting badly. As such, she was sick of hearing the argument between the siblings and pretended to faint.
She was glad that she had managed to shut them up using that tactic. 
###Chapter 1247
Chapter 1247
Jonathan sent the two to the hospital, handled the ward admission procedure, and asked someone to take care of them before he left.
He feared he would lose his temper if he stayed there with Frieda.
Before leaving, he still felt worried, so he ordered his subordinates, “Keep a close eye on her during this period. Contact me first thing when you notice anything unusual about her.”
Naturally, the subordinates promised without hesitation.
Jonathan turned around and took one last glance at the ward before letting out a heavy sigh. With that, he strode out of the hospital.
After getting into the car, Jonathan pondered whether he should pay Roxanne a visit.
After all, judging by Aubree’s and his sister’s appearance, he figured the trio had gotten into a fight. Frieda and Aubree were already terribly injured. He could not help but wonder if Roxanne was injured as well.
After mulling over it for some time, Jonathan dismissed the idea. Instead, he called Lucian.
Rightfully, if Roxanne was really injured, the person who should be with her at that moment was Lucian. The call was connected instantly. “What's up?”
Jonathan opened his mouth, but he did not know what to say.
| can’t possibly tell him about my sister and Aubree getting into a fight with Roxanne after they went to her to cause trouble and that he should check on Roxanne. If | tell him that, he might not let Frieda off.
Though Jonathan thought Frieda was a fool, she was still his family member. He still had to protect her.
At that thought, Jonathan mulled over it for a few seconds before saying, “Aubree and my sister went to see Dr. Jarvis today, but | don’t know what they said to her. Do you want to go over to check on her?”
He had merely mentioned the two girls visited Roxanne’s home but not a single word about their scuffle. However, Lucian’s expression darkened instantly. “Why did they go there?”
Roxanne has just returned from the brink of death, and there’s finally an improvement in their relationship. And now, Aubree’s gone looking for her without my knowledge?
Jonathan shook his head, still unwilling to tell Lucian the truth. “I don’t know, either. It’s just that... they’re both slightly injured. And | have no idea what Dr. Jarvis’ situation is now.”
Lucian’s expression turned grimmer when he heard about that.
They even fought!
“Lucian, you should hurry over and check on her. I’m sure Dr. Jarvis is hoping to see you now,” Jonathan advised sincerely. Lucian responded, “Got it.”
With that, he hung up right away.
Seeing it was already noon, Cayden walked over to the office to ask what Lucian wanted to eat. “Mr. Farwell, what do you—” The moment he stepped in, he was shocked by the gloomy atmosphere.
“Postpone everything | have in my schedule today,” instructed Lucian coldly.
Cayden gave it some thought, realizing there was nothing important planned that day that needed Lucian to show up. Hence, he acknowledged the latter’s request.
Just as Cayden was about to ask for a reason, Lucian had already grabbed his coat and left the office with a stern look. Aguess slowly surfaced in Cayden’s mind.
Cayden could not think of anyone else who could make Lucian put on such an expression apart from Roxanne.
| wonder what happened this time.
As soon as Lucian exited the company, he started his car engine and sped toward Roxanne’s place.
He had experienced the pain of almost losing her. Hence, he was not going to let her leave him again.
If Roxanne distances herself from me because of Aubree’s provocation, | won’t show that woman any mercy, no matter what my mother says. 
###Chapter 1248
Chapter 1248
Meanwhile, at Roxanne’s mansion, the three children sat on the couch with gloomy faces while staring in the direction of Roxanne’s room on the second floor.
“Mommy must be very angry. It’s all the two women’s fault! | won't forgive them if they come looking for Mommy for trouble again.” Benny sounded furious.
With his cheeks puffed up, Archie agreed, “Hear, hear! We must protect Mommy.”
However, Estella seemed to be more worried than the two boys. “Mommy has just recovered, and they’ve come here to bully her. The doctor says Mommy can’t get too emotionally agitated...”
Worry was written all over her face.
Archie and Benny did not find it strange that Estella was addressing Roxanne as Mommy. They just felt that was how it should have been.
Still, the boys, too, started to worry after hearing her words.
After all, Roxanne had locked herself in the room after teaching Aubree and Frieda a lesson. And with what Estella said, they feared something might actually happen to Roxanne again.
With that thought in mind, Benny hopped off the couch, saying, “I’m going upstairs to have a look!”
Archie and Estella, too, followed suit.
With that, the three children scampered up the stairs.
Standing before Roxanne’s room door, the children knocked and called out for Roxanne with all their might.
Alas, there was no response, even after waiting for some time.
Estella panicked. She banged on the door, suppressing her urge to yell the word “mommy” as she cried, “Ms. Jarvis!” No matter how hard she tried to keep herself together, her voice began to break.
Roxanne, who was in the room, was feeling a rush of mixed emotions. She did not have the energy to deal with the children outside the door.
In fact, she had already told them she needed some time alone before heading upstairs. Roxanne had absolutely no strength to respond to their cries.
It was not until she heard Estella’s sobs that she pulled herself together to answer, “Are you kids hungry? I'll order some food for you. Sorry, | really don’t have the energy to cook today.”
The children sighed in relief when they finally heard her voice.
With reddened eyes, Archie took a glance at his siblings before turning around. “It’s all right. We can wait for you, Mommy. We're just glad you're all right.”
At that, he held Benny’s and Estella’s hands, and said sweetly, “We head downstairs to wait for you. We can eat together when you're feeling better.”
Roxanne nodded in silence. She did not even care if the children could see her response.
Thankfully, there was silence at the door again.
With that, Roxanne leaned against the pillow at the headboard, her emotions in a jumbled mess.
Whether or not Roxanne wanted to admit it, Aubree’s words earlier had affected her to a certain extent. Homewrecker... Never in Roxanne’s wildest dreams did she imagine anyone using such a word on her. It stung. Even if Roxanne had countered Aubree’s questions, she still felt insulted now that she thought about it.
Am | really a homewrecker who ruined someone else’s marriage? But Lucian had all the time to marry Aubree during the past six years. Why drag until now?
Roxanne kept questioning and convincing herself that she was nothing like the word Aubree used. Just as she was still unsure of what to make of it, the doorbell suddenly rang downstairs. Roxanne instantly snapped back to her senses. She then walked over to the window and looked outside.
Standing at the mansion’s entrance was Lucian. He wore a gray shirt and a serious expression as he kept ringing the doorbell. 
###Chapter 1249
Chapter 1249
At the sight of Lucian, Roxanne felt her heart lurch, and her eyes reddened.
When no one came to open the door after many knocks, Lucian yelled, “Roxanne, open the door!”
Biting her lip, Roxanne picked up her phone and dialed his number.
Lucian suddenly stopped ringing the doorbell and answered the call with a frown. “Where are you? Is no one home?” Roxanne held back her tears and forced herself to sound calm. “I'd like to be alone for some time. Please go home first.”
Lucian immediately understood the meaning behind her words. “You're at home, aren't you? No, | won't go home. Please open the door. Let's talk this out.”
It was at that moment Roxanne’s tears finally rolled down her cheeks.
Without saying anything else, she ended the call and walked away from the window. However, she felt troubled when she sat back on her bed.
Watching his screen turn black, Lucian frowned and stopped ringing the doorbell. Instead, he banged on it, calling out Roxanne’s name at the same time. “Roxanne, open the door! Let’s talk! | won’t go home if you don’t see me!”
The children, who were in the living room, were discussing ways to cheer Roxanne up when they heard the yells at the door. Their eyes lit up instantly.
“Daddy! It's Daddy!” Estella’s face was full of tears, but her tone was filled with joy.
With that, she leaped off the couch and ran over to open the door.
Upon seeing the children, Lucian knitted his brows. He could not hide the worry in his eyes. “Where’s she?” The children knew who Lucian was referring to.
Hence, Estella pointed in the second floor’s direction and choked, “U-Upstairs. Daddy, go up and check on her!”
Lucian’s gaze turned dark as he noticed their reddened eyes. He then calmly glanced in the direction of Roxanne’s room before entering the living room.
Archie, Benny, and Estella quickly followed behind him. “Two bad women came looking for Mommy just now!” Benny could not help but complain. Hearing how grumpy they sounded, Lucian responded with a deep voice, “I know. That’s why | rushed over.”
At the end of the sentence, Lucian squatted and stared into their eyes. “Can you tell me what those women said to your Mommy?”
Benny's eyes flickered.
Roxanne never let the children get involved in her matters with Lucian.
However, Aubree and Frieda had gone overboard this time. Clenching his fists, Benny mulled it over shortly and decided to tell Lucian everything.
Before Benny could open her mouth, Archie had already piped up, “They said Mommy’s a homewrecker who ruined your engagement. They forced her to stay away from you and Essie. They even tried to hit Essie. When Mommy stopped them, they hit her.”
With just a few sentences, Archie recounted everything clearly and coherently.
Surprisingly, he missed out on one part of the story, such as the part where Aubree and Frieda failed to hit Roxanne. Instead, Roxanne was the one who gave them a terrible beating.
Lucian’s expression instantly darkened. Aubree Pearson! How dare you attack someone | care about?
“Mr. Farwell, is Mommy really a homewrecker?” Benny gazed at Lucian with eyes filled with tears 
###Chapter 1250
Chapter 1250
The child’s innocent question only made Lucian feel more horrible.
The word “homewrecker” was a cruel term.
However, Lucian was the reason behind Aubree’s guts to call Roxanne that.
Realizing that, Lucian felt a suffocating pain in his heart, followed by an overwhelming guilt.
When there was no answer from Lucian after some time, Benny started to panic. “Mommy’s not a homewrecker!” Lucian snapped back to reality and patted his head with a heavy feeling. “How could your mommy be a homewrecker? She’s—” Lucian stopped talking and said no more.
Surprisingly, the children did not press on.
The answer about Roxanne not being a homewrecker was enough to make them relieved.
Lucian got up from among them, informing, “I’m going upstairs to have a look. Stay here and wait for me, okay?” The children nodded fervently and watched Lucian head upstairs.
When he reached Roxanne’s room door, he knocked on it, but there was no response inside.
“Roxanne, it’s me. Open up. | want to talk to you.”
It was Lucian’s first time calling out her name so gently when she was conscious.
Roxanne, who heard his tone from the room, felt as if her heart were crumbling.
“I'm sorry. | heard about what happened from the children. Aubree and Frieda came looking for you and even caused you a lot of trouble. It’s my fault for not protecting you and the children well.”
His voice was full of remorse.
Clenching her fists, Roxanne suppressed her wavering heart and walked to the door. “Go home. I’m really tired today. | want to get some rest,” she replied while trying hard to hide her crying voice.
He breathed, “Open the door, please. | just want to talk to you. Once I’m done, I'll leave. | promise | won't disturb your rest.” Roxanne wiped her tears away, but she did not know how to face him. “Just say it right there. I’m listening.”
Immediately, the person outside the door fell silent.
Neither of them spoke as they stood frozen by the door.
After an unknown period of time, Lucian’s voice rang out again.
“| know you blame me for it. Be it six years ago or now, | was the root of the problem between us.”
Roxanne’s eyelashes quivered while she stared at the door in front of her. It was as if she could see the person standing out there.
She had a feeling what Lucian was going to say next was something she would never imagine hearing.
“Six years ago, | didn’t realize my true feelings in time, which made you leave in disappointment.” Lucian’s tone sounded grim and determined at the same time. “Now that you’ve come back to me, | won’t ever let you leave. | won’t spare anyone who hurt you. I'll definitely give you an answer regarding Aubree’s matter.”
Thinking back to how Lucian had been treating her recently, Roxanne felt her heart waver.
It was as if there was a voice in her heart telling her to trust Lucian again and to give him another chance. If things did not work out, she could just go somewhere far away, like how she did six years ago.
After all, she had already come back from the brink of death. A little pain was nothing.
Hence, she opened the door mindlessly.
Lucian, who was still apologizing outside, stopped the moment the door opened. He then stared intensely at the door. 
###Chapter 1251
Chapter 1251
“Roxanne.” Lucian had never felt happier when he saw her come out. Roxanne should be very clear about what it means to open the door after everything | have said.
Roxanne was plagued with a myriad of feelings. She raised her eyes and glanced faintly at him. Her voice carried a hint of exhaustion. “Didn’t you say you wanted to have a talk with me? You can start now.” After her words fell, Lucian still kept silent.
Lucian stared morosely at her. A long while passed before he reached out his hands to touch her eyes. Roxanne closed her eyes instinctively, and she felt Lucian’s callused fingers brush past her eyes. “Did you cry?” Instantly, Lucian’s joy was replaced by remorse and pity. His voice did not sound as calm as usual.
Roxanne’s eyelids trembled. Her eyes slowly opened, but she avoided his gaze uncomfortably. “I’m just too tired. | thought about the past and | couldn’t help but...” Just as she said that, she was pulled into a warm embrace.
Roxanne froze momentarily. After she regained her senses, she struggled instinctively. “What are you doing? Let go of me!” However, Lucian was unmoved. His grip around her tightened as if he wanted to enshroud her into him.
His embrace made it difficult for Roxanne to breathe. She kept pushing him away. “Don’t be like this. The kids are still downstairs.” Lucian uttered, “I’m sorry.” His warm breath was near her ear. “I’m sorry for everything you’ve been through all these years. | can’t make up for it, no matter what | do.” Roxanne was stunned momentarily when she heard his words, and she gradually quietened down.
Lucian’s grip finally loosened as he seemed to have sensed her discomfort. However, he continued, “Please give me a chance to redeem myself. Let me protect you in the future. | won't let you shed another tear. I'll also treat Archie and Benny like my biological children. | won't let them go even if their biological father comes looking for them!” Roxanne felt that his words were like a sledgehammer hitting her heart forcefully, making it hard for her to breathe properly.
She did not realize how long she had been waiting for these words until she heard Lucian say them.
Over the years, Roxanne had raised Archie and Benny alone, wary that Lucian would discover their identity.
In truth, she did it mainly out of her fear that he would take them away from her.
However, Lucian had reassured her that they would live together peacefully and that he would protect all of them. Roxanne had longed for a shoulder to cry on since she had stayed strong for a very long time. She raised her hand slowly, wanting to hug Lucian back.
However, Roxanne caught the glimpse of the stairs from the corner of her eyes when she raised her hand.
She saw three tiny heads shrinking their head back at the corner of the stairs.
Roxanne froze immediately. After a brief pause, she regained her composure and pushed Lucian away hurriedly. “Let go of me first. The children are watching!” Lucian’s brow furrowed. With Roxanne in his arms, he turned back to look.
Estella, Benny, and Archie were standing at the corner of the stairs together. They stuck out their tongue meekly when they met Lucian’s gaze.
“Essie, it’s all because of you! Mommy is looking over here. Why are you not hiding?” Benny complained, lowering his head.
Estella, who was mentioned, blinked twice. She looked all innocent. 
###Chapter 1252
Chapter 1252
Benny could not help but chuckle after complaining.
His laughter influenced the other two children to chuckle uncontrollably as well.
The children came upstairs to take a look as they were worried about Roxanne.
However, they did not expect to see the scene of Lucian hugging Roxanne when they went up. Hence, the children paused in their steps and hid in the corner to watch secretly.
They were all a little taken aback to see that Roxanne was attempting to return Lucian’s hug. Their eyes were wide with expectation, and they did not notice when Roxanne was looking back at them.
Although the children were caught peeking, they were much happier than any other day. Becoming a family shouldn't be a far-fetched dream from how Mommy and Daddy have gone further than reconciling.” Let go of me now...” Roxanne’s face flushed, and her voice was brimming with guilt from being seen by her children.
Lucian then let go of her slowly, but one of his arms was still on her waist. He looked solemnly at the children, who had ruined his mood.
“When did you guys come up?” The children exchanged glances. Finally, Archie said, “We were here when you were hugging Mommy!” Roxanne’s face got progressively redder when she heard his response.
Lucian frowned. “Remember to hide really far away when you see things like this in the future.” The children responded obediently, “Okay! We will make sure not to be seen by Mommy next time!” Lucian’s face darkened, and he did not say anything.
Roxanne’s brow furrowed, and she looked at them in embarrassment and anger. “Don’t sprout nonsense. We were just...” She struggled for a while to think of a good reason. However, Roxanne was teased by her children.
“Mommy's face is so red!” When she heard that, Roxanne held her tongue and instinctively raised her hand over her face. Indeed, her face was burning.
A flash of panic filled her eyes. She got away from Lucian quickly after realizing that she was still held by him. This time, Lucian did not stop her. Roxanne surreptitiously breathed a sigh of relief. Archie noticed Roxanne’s face had turned crimson red, and he changed the topic. “Mommy, can you cook us lunch since you're
feeling better now? We're starving!” Benny and Estella, who was at the side, nodded in agreement. They stared fixedly at Roxanne.
Roxanne’s mood improved considerably when she saw that the children were no longer pestering her over what happened earlier. “I'll make lunch now. You can eat some snacks or fruits to fill your stomach if you’re really hungry.” Roxanne did not dare to look at Lucian after her words fell. She walked away from him in a rush and headed downstairs.
When Roxanne walked to the stairs, Lucian’s voice rang again.
“| haven't eaten lunch yet. If it’s possible, can you make something for me too?” After saying that, Lucian added another sentence as if he was afraid that Roxanne would turn him down. “I can order takeout if it’s not convenient.” After Lucian spoke, the children asked innocently in a childish voice, “Mr. Farwell, what are you going to order? We want to eat the same food as you!” Lucian began talking about the takeouts Cayden often got for him.
The children were enticed since the selection of food sounded so good.
Roxanne listened helplessly to their happy conversation. “I have already prepared the ingredients. | can cook something up quickly. There’s no need to order takeout.” 
###Chapter 1253
Chapter 1253
Estella, Benny, and Archie rejoiced in silence after hearing what Roxanne had to say. They then turned to stare at Lucian. Lucian smiled. “What a shame. I’ll take you guys there to eat next time.” The kids jumped for joy upon hearing that.
Roxanne felt warm and fuzzy as she watched the scene before her. She didn’t say anything anymore and went downstairs to prepare dinner. Next, Lucian took the three kids and followed closely behind.
Estella, Archie, and Benny surrounded Lucian and looked at him with faces full of anticipation in the living room.
“Mr. Farwell, when can you become our daddy?”
Benny stared fixedly at Lucian.
Lucian caressed his head gently. “Soon. Don’t worry. | won’t let anyone else have the chance to become your father.” Hearing that, Benny gave a small cheer.
Immediately, Estella chipped in, “Daddy, you must keep your promise this time!”
Lucian once promised Estella he would make Roxanne her mother, but Lucian had a fallout with Roxanne. In the end, Aubree was the one who ended up looking after her.
The incident had left a lingering fear in her heart.
Lucian turned to face Estella apologetically. “I will. It was all my fault last time. But I’ve thought things through now, so it won't happen again.”
Estella puffed her cheeks and stared at her father with a hint of resentment in her eyes. “Mr. Farwell.”
Archie stood at a corner and spoke in a serious tone. “Ms. Pearson and Ms. Queen will apologize to Mommy, right? Will they come and mess with Mommy again?”
In fact, he had wanted to ask when Lucian would call off his engagement with Aubree but decided to hint at it instead.
After all, they were father and son so Lucian caught on to his meaning immediately. He replied grimly, “I won't let them off the hook this time. Don’t worry, guys. I'll take care of things on my end.”
Archie nodded and turned to look in the direction of the kitchen. Lucian followed his gaze to see Roxanne busying herself there. and his gaze softened. “Go play on your own for a bit. I’ll go and help your Mommy prepare dinner.’
With that, Lucian stood up and was about to make his way to the kitchen when he paused in his footsteps. “You guys can stay here. The kitchen is rather smoky.”
The kids nodded and gave him a knowing smile, indicating that they would let Lucian spend some alone time with Roxanne this time around.
Lucian then turned around and went into the kitchen. On the other hand, Roxanne’s mind was occupied with the series of events as she cooked.
Lucian’s words had caught her completely off guard.
She couldn't help but regret her actions now that she thought about it. How can | forgive him so easily? She cut the vegetables angrily and forcefully upon the thought.
Just as she was lost in her thoughts, Lucian’s voice sounded from behind her.
“What are you thinking about?”
Lucian stared at her, feeling baffled.
She didn’t even notice | was standing behind her. | wonder what is on her mind right now.
Roxanne’s hands slipped as she was jolted back to her senses.
“Be carefull”
Lucian quickly reached out and grabbed her hand, effectively stopping her from accidentally chopping her fingers off. He then guided her hand to put the knife down.
The both of them stood in silence as they recovered from the shock. 
###Chapter 1254
Chapter 1254
“Let me help you.” Lucian picked up the kitchen knife as he returned to his senses.
Seeing Lucian holding a kitchen knife in his hand felt weird as he looked like a nobleman in his expensive tailored shirt and trousers.
Err... he looks out of place.
Roxanne was at a loss for words as she watched on.
She had wanted to treat Lucian coldly when he told her to make way but was too stunned to do so. Lucian clumsily sliced through the vegetables as he wasn’t used to doing all this.
He managed to double the amount of time Roxanne would have normally spent on cutting the vegetables.
Roxanne quickly returned to her senses just as Lucian was about to carry on with preparing dinner. “Please leave the rest to
me. Lucian stepped aside and watched Roxanne as he knew he wasn’t good at cooking.
Roxanne felt awkward being watched, so her actions were rather stiff.
“Are you regretting your actions just now?” Lucian suddenly spoke up.
Roxanne paused as his question completely caught her off guard. The surprise almost caused her to flip the pan.
Lucian reached out and grabbed her hand before things could get any worse. “Did you regret letting me off the hook so easily?” Roxanne was at a loss for words as his questions hit the nail on the head.
She tensed up as he spoke and thought that they were going to part ways on a sour note again.
However, Lucian tightened his grip on her wrist. “I won’t let you regret your decision ever.”
Roxanne turned off the stove with mixed feelings, but couldn’t bring herself to turn around since Lucian was standing behind her. “I've promised you | would give you an explanation. It was my fault you lost faith in me as | allowed this to drag on .”
His warm breath tickled the back of her ear. She secretly felt glad that her back was facing him, or else he would have seen the hesitation on her face.
“You've finally forgiven me after so long. | can’t go down the wrong path anymore.” As he said that, Lucian let go of her hand. “Don’t worry. I’ll give you an explanation for the things that happened today.” Roxanne could tell that he was being serious. She asked nervously, “What are you going to do?”
Lucian kept quiet and dialed Aubree’s number instead.
It was time he called off his engagement with Aubree.
After a moment of silence, Roxanne turned around to check on him and immediately saw his phone screen. Awave of nervousness crashed through her when she saw the number he dialed.
Nevertheless, nobody picked up the phone on the other end.
Lucian hung up after a while, feeling frustrated.
His gaze softened again when he turned to Roxanne.
“I'll talk to her and give you an explanation. You were never a homewrecker, to begin with.”
Lucian continued in a determined tone, “My wife has always been you, and you alone all along.”
Roxanne’s eyes fluttered and her heart skipped a beat. She lowered her gaze in a wave of panic as she didn’t know how to face him. However, Lucian grabbed her chin and forced her to meet his eyes.
###Chapter 1255
Chapter 1255
“Trust me.”
Following Lucian’s gentle murmur, a soft kiss fell on Roxanne’s lips.
Roxanne instinctively held her breath and gazed at the man before her dazedly.
Her eyes flickered when she thought of his words earlier, and she finally let down her guard.
Although Lucian wanted to deepen the kiss, he could only test the waters carefully as he wasn’t sure about Roxanne’s feelings. Sensing that, Roxanne slowly closed her eyes.
The next second, Lucian pulled her into his arms and engulfed her in a heated kiss.
After a long time, Roxanne began to run out of breath. She pushed at Lucian’s chest, and only then did he let go of her reluctantly.
Lucian panted heavily with furrowed brows, his eyes as deep as the ocean. As he stared at Roxanne, it seemed as if he was going to devour her.
Upon meeting his eyes, Roxanne felt her heart skip a beat. She averted her gaze in a panic and forced herself to stay calm. “Let's eat. The kids must be starving.”
Then, she dished up the food nonchalantly to bring them to the dining table and, at the same time, escape from Lucian. The emotions churning in Lucian’s eyes were so passionate that she somehow felt scared.
Just as Roxanne passed by Lucian, his low, hoarse voice sounded beside her ear. “This time, don’t try to pretend as if nothing happened. It’s been so long since Essie wanted you to be her mommy. Don’t you think of running away.”
Roxanne paused for a millisecond, but she quickened her footsteps the next moment and left the kitchen. There was no one in the living room. Archie, Benny, and Estella had tactfully gone to the courtyard to avoid disturbing their parents.
After placing the dishes on the table, Roxanne stood in place for a while to calm herself down before walking to the door to call the kids.
“Mommy, where’s Mr. Farwell?”
The trio sat by the dining table and looked around curiously. Lucian’s plate and cutlery were set on the table, but the man was nowhere to be seen.
Roxanne glanced at the kitchen out of reflex and flashed them a sheepish smile. “He’s still in the kitchen. He’ll be here soon.” As if hearing their conversation, Lucian came out of the kitchen right after Roxanne’s words fell. Hearing footsteps behind her, Roxanne turned around.
When she saw Lucian’s unkempt shirt, the feelings she had barely managed to suppress were stirred up again. Even her face started to flush uncontrollably.
On the other hand, Lucian strolled over with an unbothered expression even under their stares.
“Sorry to keep you waiting.”
Lucian sat across Roxanne and smiled apologetically at the kids.
In return, the trio exchanged glances before telling Lucian it was okay.
Except for Roxanne, everyone at the table was in a great mood.
During the meal, they kept placing food on each other’s plates.
Roxanne did that repeatedly for the three children out of habit. When she finally turned her attention back to her own plate, she discovered it was full of her favorite food.
Across her, Lucian retracted his hand leisurely. From the looks of it, he was going to get her more.
Roxanne felt her heart flutter, but she immediately stopped him. “That’s enough. | can’t eat so much.”
Lucian listened to her and finally halted his actions.
Meanwhile, Archie, Benny, and Estella stared at the two adults.
As Roxanne was still not used to this kind of atmosphere, she looked a little helpless.
“How is your mommy's cooking? Is it good?”
Lucian’s cheerful voice broke the awkwardness.
The kids instantly understood what he meant and looked away from Roxanne. “Yes!” they answered sweetly. Taking that opportunity, Lucian began chatting with them.
Roxanne heaved a silent sigh of relief. At the sight of the pile of food on her plate, she was suddenly overcome with a bittersweet feeling. 
###Chapter 1256
Chapter 1256
After lunch, Roxanne noticed Lucian seemed to make a phone call. In no time, the mansion’s doorbell rang. Roxanne opened the door and saw Jonathan standing outside with a smile.
He quickly swept his gaze over her and was relieved to find that she was unhurt. Breaking into a grin, he said, “Dr. Jarvis, I’m here to pick up Lucian. Where is he?”
Earlier, Lucian had called Jonathan and asked the latter to pick him up. There were things they had to discuss face-to-face.
Jonathan could more or less guess what Lucian wanted to talk about, so he did not reject the request. Right after hanging up, he rushed over.
As if worried that Roxanne would be suspicious, Jonathan added casually, “It’s about work. We have to talk at the company, and since | was nearby, | dropped by to pick him up.”
Roxanne found Jonathan's expression a bit strange, but she did not probe.
After all, Jonathan had said that it was about work, so it should have nothing much to do with her. Roxanne stepped aside and let Jonathan in. “He’s inside. Go on in and call him.”
Without hesitation, Jonathan took a step forward to head into the house.
At that moment, Lucian appeared with the three kids trailing behind him.
Upon spotting Jonathan, the trio greeted him in unison. “Hello, Mr. Queen!”
Jonathan was delighted to see the kids looking genuinely happy. “Hello, little ones. | came in such a hurry that | forgot to buy you gifts. I'll make it up to you next time, all right?”
The kids nodded obediently and turned to Lucian with puppy eyes.
“Mr. Farwell, are you leaving already?” Benny asked, reluctant to part with Lucian.
Lucian stroked Benny's head and told him, “I have some things to attend to. I'll see you tomorrow.”
Archie, Benny, and Estella all looked unwilling to say goodbye just yet.
Although they practically ate with Lucian and Roxanne every day over the past few days, this day was different.
They wished they could just stick to the couple’s side from this day on, but to their disappointment, Lucian was leaving so soon. Lucian rubbed the children’s heads one by one to make them feel better. Next, he strode toward Roxanne.
Since Jonathan and the kids were there, Roxanne couldn’t help but feel nervous. She had no idea what Lucian was going to do. Fortunately, Lucian only approached her and told her, “Wait for me. I'll make it clear to you.”
As Roxanne took in Lucian’s deep voice, she looked at him in confusion.
However, Lucian had already spun on his heels and walked to Jonathan’s side by then. Without pausing, he headed outside.
Jonathan hurriedly bid goodbye to Roxanne and the children. “We'll get going then. See you.”
The children waved at him politely.
Turning around, Jonathan swiftly caught up to Lucian.
The two men got into Jonathan’s car without even sparing a glance at Lucian’s vehicle.
While Roxanne watched them leave with the kids by her side, questions started to pop up in her mind. Jonathan had said they were going to the company to talk about work.
Yet before Jonathan came, Lucian never mentioned anything about it.
Aside from that, what Lucian said before he left made Roxanne nervous for some reason.
Make it clear to me? What is he referring to? Is it about Aubree and Frieda’s commotion earlier today, or...
When an idea occurred to Roxanne, she snapped back to her senses. Anticipation began to grow in her heart. 
###Chapter 1257
Chapter 1257
“Lucian, how's Dr. Jarvis?” Jonathan gingerly asked after they had driven for some distance.
It was bad enough that one could cut the tension in the car with a knife, but it was even worse to see a grim-faced Lucian in the rearview mirror. Naturally, Jonathan couldn’t help but wonder if he had imagined the earlier interaction.
| remember Lucian being perfectly normal with Roxanne and the kids just now. Why has he done a one-eighty since getting into the car?
Alas, Lucian merely shot Jonathan a cold stare and asked, “Where are Aubree and your sister?” “| sent them to the hospital,” Jonathan replied, sheepishly touching his nose as he did.
“Take me there.”
Left with no other choice, Jonathan sighed inwardly and nodded.
D*mn it. | wonder if he'll take his anger out on our family when he sees Frieda later...
After a few seconds of silence, Jonathan composed himself and brought the focus back to Roxanne and Lucian. “By the way, Dr. Jarvis wasn’t hurt, was she?”
Lucian shook his head, his expression somber. “No, she wasn’t. | checked.” Then again, so what if she wasn’t injured? Seeing her cry made my heart ache even more!
“Aubree must've gone after her because of you. Did Dr. Jarvis say anything?” Jonathan probed before getting the nagging feeling that something was off. “Wait a minute... You didn’t piss Dr. Jarvis off again, did you?”
Lucian’s gaze darkened when he noticed the difference in his friend’s tone. “No. | won't do that again.” Jonathan, however, was perplexed by that answer.
“| don’t think | can ever forget the previous incident,” Lucian added somberly. “After having experienced the pain of almost losing her, all | want to do now is make her happy.”
Seeing Aubree pick on Roxanne only reminded me of how much the latter suffered from her mood fluctuations after she regained consciousness. | don’t want to put her through that kind of ordeal again!
Upon hearing his friend’s words, Jonathan felt a wave of relief wash over him. “That’s more like it. If you had realized this sooner, perhaps there wouldn’t be so many problems.”
“That’s why | won’t let anyone who has hurt her off the hook!” With that, Jonathan’s heart lurched.
Ah, sh*t. Why did Frieda have to do all those stupid things? I’ve warned her time and time again to stay out of Lucian’s private matters, yet she still had to tag along with Aubree. Look what she’s done now! Who knows if Grandpa can take the stress if Lucian unleashes his anger on our family? That's what scares me the most!
Plagued by worry, Jonathan gradually slowed down his driving.
Alas, despite doing his best to buy more time, they eventually still arrived at the hospital.
Having resigned himself to fate, Jonathan stepped out of the car and led the way.
The two men strode into the hospital, and it wasn’t long before they got to Aubree’s ward.
The subordinates tasked with looking after Aubree and Frieda immediately greeted Jonathan, “Hello, Mr. Queen.” “Has she woken up?”
As soon as Jonathan's question left his mouth, he heard what sounded like an argument coming from the ward. Knowing it could only be his half-witted sister talking to Aubree, he quickly cleared his throat.
As much as he was mad at Frieda, she was still his sister and a part of the Queen family. There was no way he could leave her in the lurch.
Besides, if she were to spout any more nonsense, not even he might be able to protect her! 
###Chapter 1258
Chapter 1258
The two women in the ward seemed to have heard the noise outside and quickly quietened down. Seconds later, Frieda got up and opened the door.
Upon seeing the men, she panicked so much that she had to clench her fists tight to calm herself down. “Lucian, have you come to visit Aubree? Her injuries are pretty bad. | blame—”
Unfortunately, before she could finish her sentence, Jonathan interrupted, “Shut up! This is for Lucian and Aubree to discuss between themselves. | want you to come here right now!”
Stunned by her brother’s sudden outburst, Frieda glared at him and was about to retort when she saw Lucian’s cold-eyed stare. After feeling a chill run down her spine, Frieda promptly swallowed her words and walked out with her head hung low.
Lucian, on the other hand, said nothing and entered the ward.
With that, Frieda stood outside, dazed and frozen from Lucian’s terrifying stare.
Meanwhile, Aubree wiped her scowl away and recomposed herself as soon as she heard the commotion. By the time Lucian walked in, she had plastered a look of surprise and hurt on her face. “Lucian, what brings you here?”
Even though she stiffened at the sight of Lucian’s expression, she still managed to keep her smile and quickly added, “Come on. Take a seat.”
Instead, Lucian stood by the bed and stared her down. “Who told you to look for Roxanne?” Aglint flashed across Aubree’s eyes as she calmly shared her sob story.
“You said Essie was at Mrs. Farwell’s, so | swung by to visit her. However, when | was told that wasn’t the case, | figured you must've sent Essie to Ms. Jarvis. | was worried Mrs. Farwell might storm Ms. Jarvis’ place and overwhelm her. That’s why I decided to make the trip myself...”
The next second, Aubree looked down at her injured arm and choked out, “I believe | was very polite and reasonable. After all, | only wanted to take Essie home before Mrs. Farwell showed up. However, Ms. Jarvis ignored my pleas and attacked me without warning. Look at my arm! It’s so severely injured that | still can’t move it... Have | offended Ms. Jarvis in any way? Why must she be so cruel toward me?”
Even as she spoke, Aubree stole glimpses of Lucian to gauge his reaction.
Alas, no matter how miserable she made herself seem, the man remained stern and cold. One thing was for sure—the atmosphere around him was growing increasingly tense by the second.
Having sensed Aubree’s lingering gaze, Lucian suddenly frowned and turned to her.
After seeing the disgust and hatred in the latter’s eyes, Aubree felt her hair stand on end as she became panic-stricken.
“L-Lucian...” she stuttered. “Are you mad that | looked for Ms. Jarvis? | promise never to show up in front of her again! She has. just recovered, so | understand her emotions might be all over the place. In any case, this is a small injury. | can overlook it—”
“Shut up!” Lucian bellowed. He already knew the truth, but hearing Aubree twist the facts and picturing a teary-eyed Roxanne only further stoked his rage.
Aubree trembled and instantly held her tongue, eyes wild with fear as she stared at the man before her.
“Aubree Pearson, I’m sure you've been acting a lot in front of my mother and me all these years. Haven't you had enough?” Lucian snapped, his face devoid of warmth. 
###Chapter 1259
Chapter 1259
“Lucian, what are you talking about—” Of course, Aubree would never admit to what she did, so she had no choice but to continue playing coy.
However, Lucian did not let her finish her sentence. “We're both at fault for letting our joke of an engagement drag on for six years. Now, it’s time to end it! After you get discharged, I'll announce the end of the relationship between our families. I’m only doing this for Old Mr. Pearson's sake, so play along if you know what’s good for you!”
We're calling it off? Aubree widened her eyes in shock and took quite a while before regaining her senses. It took me six years to finally get Lucian to give me another chance. | can’t believe my dream shattered when I'm this close to realizing it! How can he be so cruel to me? No! | won't allow this to happen! I’ve worked so hard for six years, so there’s no way I’m going to let him get his way!
Ignoring the injury on her arm, Aubree gritted her teeth and reached out to grab the hem of Lucian’s shirt. Her arm trembled uncontrollably in pain as she begged, “Lucian, give me another chance. | know | was wrong; | won’t make the same mistake again!”
Lucian simply looked coldly at Aubree as she continued pitifully, “I promise I'll do whatever you want. You can ask me to do anything! | won't see Ms. Jarvis! Just please forgive me! I’ve waited so many years for you, Lucian. Does that mean nothing to you?”
“If you really cared about the engagement, you wouldn’t have been foolish enough to cross the line time and again!” stated Lucian impatiently.
Aubree’s eyes turned red as she explained, “I was just... | was just jealous! She went away for six years, but you were still so good to her when she returned. | waited six years for you, yet you couldn’t even spare me a glance—”
Before Aubree could finish her sentence, Lucian coldly shook off the hand clinging to the hem of his shirt. After crying out in pain, Aubree tried to keep Lucian by her side even though she was already breaking out in a cold sweat.
Lucian took two steps backward indifferently. “If you really do understand that you were wrong, then stay away from them. Otherwise, I'll disregard the years we had together. I’m only showing you mercy today for Old Mr. Pearson’s sake!”
With that, Lucian turned around and walked out, leaving Aubree to stare at his back. “Lucian!” cried Aubree at the top of her lungs, yet the man showed no sign of slowing down.
Aubree burst into tears as she watched the door close before her. At that moment, there was nothing but hysteria in her eyes. It’s over. It’s all over. The six years | spent to maintain the engagement...
Meanwhile, Fried froze for a few seconds atthe door before being forcefully dragged back to her ward by Jonathan.
Frieda’s arm had not recovered completely, so when her brother yanked it, she hissed in pain.
“Are you out of your mind? I’m your sister, and I’m still hurt! How could you treat me like this?” questioned Frieda furiously after struggling to regain her balance.
Looking daggers at his sister, Jonathan responded, “I thought you forgot that you were still a Queen. Look at the foolish things you did! Do you even care about our family?”
Frieda was stricken with fear when she remembered the look Lucian gave her but continued to put on a brave face. “What makes you think | don’t care about our family? Who do you think will reap the benefits after | help Aubree become Mrs. Farwell?”
“Idiot!” exclaimed Jonathan, convinced that his sister would be the death of him. 
###Chapter 1260
Chapter 1260
However, Frieda was only just getting started. “If it weren’t for Roxanne, Lucian and Aubree would’ve gotten married long ago!”
At that point, Jonathan wanted nothing more than to slap some sense into his sister. “Can you still not see the truth? Even if Dr. Jarvis didn’t return, there was no way Lucian would marry Aubree!”
When Frieda heard that, she began to doubt herself. “How’s that possible? | remember how he used to...”
Having witnessed how obsessed Lucian was with Aubree six years ago, Frieda was convinced Roxanne was the reason Lucian and Aubree did not end up together.
“You shut your mouth! If Lucian really loved Aubree, why didn’t he marry her? Dr. Jarvis has always been the one he loves!” rebuked Jonathan.
“That’s impossible!” Suddenly, Frieda did not sound as confident as she did before.
“Then how about you tell me why Lucian refused to marry Aubree if he loved her so much?” questioned Jonathan with furrowed eyebrows.
Frieda trembled as she continued to doubt herself. “But... Even if Lucian didn’t love Aubree, they were engaged! Besides, Roxanne’s had a child with another man. It’s impossible that she’d be worthy of someone like Lucian!”
“Lucian has already decided to call off the engagement!” roared Jonathan.
Immediately after hearing that, Frieda dropped her jaw because she could not believe her ears. “How can that be? It’s been six years, so why would Lucian suddenly decide to call off the engagement?” If he wanted to do that, why didn’t he say anything about it earlier?
Jonathan gave his sister a disappointed look before responding, “I told you long ago to stop getting involved in Lucian’s personal affairs, but you just wouldn't listen! Look how it turned out! If this affects our family, | won’t go easy on you even though you’re my sister!”
Frieda was already buried in self-doubt when she heard her brother’s harsh words. Looking incredulously at her sibling, she cried, “Jonathan!”
“| don’t have a sister as stupid as you!” Jonathan was so upset that his head hurt. “From now on, you better do as you're told and stay in the hospital. If you get into trouble again, I'll inform Grandpa and have you kicked out of the family!”
Still refusing to believe that Lucian would call off the engagement with Aubree so easily, Frieda clenched her fists as her lips trembled uncontrollably.
“That’s impossible. That’s impossible...”
She was just about to rush out to confirm with Aubree when someone suddenly knocked on the door.
Following that was Lucian walking in with a blank expression.
Frieda’s heart almost skipped a beat when her gaze met Lucian’s. The woman instinctively took a few steps backward.
She refused to believe Lucian would actually call off the engagement, even after everything Jonathan had said.
However, the second Frieda saw Lucian’s expression, she began to change her mind.
Frieda was filled with terror as she wondered what Lucian would do to her after all the things she had done with Aubree. Lucian’s gaze only stayed on Fried for a few seconds before he shifted his attention to Jonathan. “I’m done. We can go now.” Like his sister, Jonathan was also nervous then.
Despite his harsh words, he did not think he would be able to stomach watching Lucian teach Frieda a lesson.
Fortunately, that did not seem like Lucian’s intention.
After sighing in relief internally, Jonathan nodded in response and strode out, leaving his sister behind.
“I'm so sorry, Lucian. | should've kept an eye on Frieda.” In the end, Jonathan still decided to share the blame after walking out the door. 
###Chapter 1261
Chapter 1261
Frieda stood rooted to her spot as she looked at Jonathan and Lucian leave. She was stunned for a while before regaining her senses and hastening toward Aubree’s ward.
She had to hear Aubree’s answer in person.
Frieda was halted by Jonathan’s subordinate, who was stationed outside the ward’s entrance. “Ms. Queen, Mr. Queen forbade you from coming close.”
She glared at him angrily. “Get lost! I’m just going in to say a few things. I'll come out the moment I’m done talking.” With that, she made to stride into the room.
Jonathan's subordinate was caught in a difficult position, standing before Frieda and blocking her way forward. Still, he didn’t dare to lay a finger on her and could only watch as she pushed the door open and walked into the room.
“Aubree!”
Frieda impatiently wanted confirmation from Aubree right after she opened the door.
The next second, she caught herself when she witnessed Aubree crying hysterically. Then, she quietly left the ward. There wasn’t any need for her to probe further, as Aubree’s demeanor cleared up her doubts.
Lucian had indeed called off their engagement.
Terror surged within Frieda as she realized that. She was scared out of her wits when she was reminded of all the things she had done alongside Aubree.
Meanwhile, after Lucian left the hospital, he asked Jonathan to send him back to Farwell Group. Cayden knocked on Lucian’s door and entered the office upon the latter’s arrival. At that moment, Lucian was still giving off a gloomy aura.
As a result, Cayden shuddered when he stepped into the room. “Mr. Farwell, the result of the investigation into the incident at the research institute is out.”
Hearing that, Lucian looked at Cayden with a frown. “What's the result?”
“There’s nothing wrong with the components, and the experiment was carried out by adhering to Ms. Jarvis’ usual work protocol. Logically, that gas shouldn’t have been produced,” Cayden replied politely.
That meant someone had indeed tampered with the experiment. Lucian’s gaze darkened. He fell silent for a long while before suddenly getting up and exiting his office. Cayden hastily followed him. “Mr. Farwell, where are we going now?”
Lucian uttered coldly, “Let’s check out the research institute.” | told Colby to find out all the medicines on the lab table which were used that day. | wonder how his progress is.
Cayden guessed Lucian might've found a lead, so he trailed behind the latter without saying a word. After reaching downstairs, Cayden drove them to the research institute. Coincidentally, Colby had just come out from the building.
Colby panicked momentarily when he saw the pair get out of the vehicle. However, he swiftly recollected himself and approached them nonchalantly. “Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian nodded. “Did you find out all the medicines?”
Aguilty look flashed across Colby’s eyes. “I did, and | placed everything back on the table accordingly.”
Lucian glanced at him dubiously in response. “You placed everything back? Didn’t you mention it was dangerous?”
Colby lowered his head to force himself to stay calm. “I already reminded the research facility's personnel to avoid touching the medicines on that lab table, so there shouldn’t be an issue.”
Lucian nodded. “Bring me there and show me the medicines.”
Colby grunted in acknowledgment before turning around and leading the two into the research facility.
Upon entering the building, they saw many researchers carrying out their duties.
The researchers offered simple greetings to Lucian and the others, then immersed themselves in their experiments again. Colby led them to the lab counter and stood to one side. “These are all the medicines.”
The arrangement on the lab table had been restored to its previous state, similar to the day when Roxanne did the experiment. However, Colby used a different medicine to substitute the one he added to the flask the other day.
The two bottles had a slight difference in size. No one would notice that minor change in detail if that person weren’t a researcher who spent a long time inside the laboratory.
Even Roxanne and Jack wouldn’t notice he had switched the medicine as they were focused on carrying out the experiment that day. 
###Chapter 1262
Chapter 1262
The trio stayed quiet.
Cayden and Colby stood at one side, looking at Lucian examining the lab counter with different thoughts running through their minds. Colby was nervous to the extent of almost forgetting to breathe.
Given a choice, he wouldn't be willing to heed Lucian’s order to restore the scene during the day of the experiment because that would easily expose his wrongdoing.
Still, if Colby had refused to follow Lucian’s instruction, that would be no different from declaring his guilt to the latter.
After mulling his options over, he had no choice but to restore the arrangement of the medicines on the lab table, albeit with a slight alternation. He could only hope Lucian wouldn't notice anything suspicious.
Lucian was oblivious to Colby’s train of thought. He was focused on inspecting the medicines on the lab table, meticulously checking every item.
While doing that, he recalled every detail he saw on the surveillance footage that day. Lucian clearly remembered Roxanne had touched all of the bottles on the table.
All of a sudden, he fixated his gaze on a transparent bottle placed in the corner for a few seconds before turning around to speak to Colby. “Bring me to the surveillance room again.”
Colby’s pupils constricted as uneasiness filled him. He had noticed Lucian staring at the bottle for a prolonged time. Why is that? Did he discover something? Colby’s hand, hanging by his sides, trembled uncontrollably when he considered that possibility.
However, under Lucian’s watchful gaze, Colby could only tuck his hands into his white coat’s pockets, feign calmness, and nod. “Okay.”
After saying that, he spun on his heels and guided them to the surveillance room. Lucian played the surveillance footage from that day and studied the video carefully again.
As he expected, when Roxanne was doing the experiment, she accidentally knocked over the transparent bottle at the side but hastily picked it up the next second.
Although the differences were insignificant, that bottle was not the same size as the one Colby had currently placed on the lab table.
Besides that, the quantities of the medicine inside the bottles were also dissimilar. Lucian shifted his gaze onto the Colby onscreen, who was standing behind Roxanne.
He didn’t believe Colby, who had spent so many years working at the research institute, would fail to distinguish between the two bottles of medicines.
Unless he did it on purpose.
“Mr. Farwell, did you notice anything?” Colby suppressed his anxiousness and asked warily, attempting to seize control of the situation.
Lucian glanced at him with an unfathomable look in his eyes. “Nothing for now. I’m afraid I'll have to trouble you to keep that particular table in that state, Dr. Galloway.”
Hearing that, Colby took a deep breath. His facial expression relaxed imperceptibly. “Okay. I’ll do my best.”
Lucian bobbed his head. After that, he got up and left the surveillance room without taking another look at the surveillance footage.
Cayden followed closely behind him.
After exiting the research institute, Cayden started the car. “Mr. Farwell, are we returning to the company now, or is there any other place you wish to visit?”
Lucian glanced at the research institute’s entrance while wearing a grimace. Colby stood there reverently to see them off.
Looking away, Lucian replied, “Go back to the office. Also, | want to see all the recent purchase orders by the research facility by tonight.”
Cayden agreed with alacrity, started the car, and drove toward Farwell Group. At the research institute’s entrance, Colby’s legs turned to jelly after Lucian’s car disappeared from his vision.
Lucian had displayed an ambiguous response earlier, causing Colby to be unable to ascertain whether Lucian had discovered he was the culprit.
And because of that, Colby felt all the more terrified. 
###Chapter 1263
Chapter 1263
Cayden had always been highly efficient at work. Besides, he only had to investigate the research institute’s recent purchase orders.
That evening itself, he entered Farwell Group’s CEO’s office with the latest purchase order in hand. “I've done as you asked, Mr. Farwell. Here, have a look.” Taking the order from Cayden, Lucian looked it over while listening to his report.
“A bottle of medicine on this order doesn’t match the actual quantity purchased by the research institute. From my investigations, Colby was the one who privately arranged for the purchasing staff to buy it. He placed it with one of the other medicines and sneaked it into the research institute.”
At that point, a conflicted expression showed on Cayden’s face as he admitted, “However, | couldn't find out what medicine he smuggled in. He hid it so well that even the purchasing staff doesn’t know the answer.”
In a flash, Lucian’s gaze darkened a shade.
Although we don’t know the kind of medicine Colby privately bought, it’s a fact that his behavior is suspicious enough. Furthermore, he appeared to be exceedingly apprehensive when | noticed something amiss with that bottle of medicine. He might think that he’s hiding it very well, but still, | saw right through him.
Following that thought, he frowned slightly.
With all these leads, it’s a veritable fact that Colby was the culprit. Indeed, I’ve misunderstood Jack. But then, how can his suspicious activities be explained?
Along while passed before he corralled his thoughts.
Anyway, the most important thing now is to have Colby pay the price for his actions!
“Got it. You may be dismissed.”
Putting the purchase order away, Lucian got to his feet and headed out.
He had figured out a way to have Colby confess to his crime even without solid evidence. However, he needed to seek Roxanne out and discuss it with her.
Cayden had no idea what his employer wanted to do, but still, he obediently left the office and watched as Lucian went into the elevator.
After stepping out of the office building, Lucian drove straight to Roxanne’s house. It happened to be dinnertime right then.
When Lucian arrived, Roxanne was preparing dinner for Archie, Benny, and Estella in the kitchen. As such, it was the children who opened the door for him.
“Mr. Farwell!”
“Daddy!”
At the sight of him, all three children wore expressions of joy.
Smiling, Lucian stroked their heads before sweeping his gaze around the living room. “Where’s your mommy?”
Archie pointed in the direction of the kitchen. “In the kitchen.”
Upon hearing that, Lucian inclined his head a fraction in acknowledgment. He excused himself before heading to the kitchen. The three children looked at each other, but ultimately, they didn’t follow. Nonetheless, they still fixated their gazes on the kitchen in curiosity.
When Lucian reached the kitchen door, he didn’t go in directly or say anything. Instead, he merely stood there quietly and watched Roxanne bustle around.
As soon as Roxanne whirled around and spotted the man behind her, she inexorably jumped in fright. “When did you come? And why didn’t you inform me beforehand?”
Gathering her wits about her, she inwardly breathed a sigh of relief and continued her work at hand. Lucian’s eyes brimmed with tenderness. “Just a while ago. The kids opened the door for me.” After saying that, he glanced at the ingredients she was preparing. “Did you count me in?”
Roxanne wanted to deny it, but the portion she prepared was evidently too much for her and the children to finish. Thus, she didn’t answer but asked, “Are you not eating here tonight?”
At that, Lucian arched a brow. “From the look of things, you counted me in. How embarrassing that I’ve been eating for free these few days!”
Sensing that there was a hidden implication in his words, Roxanne stilled. She spun around and eyed him in puzzlement. “Therefore, | brought you good news today. We'll talk about it after dinner later.”
Lucian met her gaze calmly. 
###Chapter 1264
Chapter 1264
Glimpsing the grin on Lucian’s face, Roxanne was stunned for a moment. Then, faint shades of crimson stained her cheeks. She only snapped back to her senses after a while, upon which she guiltily turned back around and continued cooking. Meanwhile, Lucian watched behind her with his arms crossed.
When she had finished cooking, he helped to carry the dishes out and lay the table.
Archie, Benny, and Estella, on the other hand, had long since seated themselves at the dining table in proper order. Dinner was a warm and cozy event.
After dinner, Lucian ordered the children to play in the living room while he went to the study upstairs with Roxanne. “What's the good news?”
Sheer mystification deluged Roxanne. | wonder what exactly it is that he’s acting so mysterious.
Lucian’s expression turned solemn. ‘I think I’ve ferreted out the person who tampered with your experiment.”
At his remark, Roxanne’s expression likewise changed slightly, anxiety marring her features. “Who was it?”
Lucian stared at her, suddenly hesitant.
In the past, every time we discussed this subject, she had been reluctant to suspect Colby for no other reason than they had worked together for many years. | wonder if she’d be able to accept it if | were to tell her the truth.
For a fleeting second, he even contemplated giving up his initial plan and waiting until there was solid evidence before telling her about it.
“Was it truly Mr. Damaris?” Upon receiving no response from him after some time, Roxanne couldn’t help making a wild guess. Hearing that, Lucian put his thoughts away, his gaze darkening a shade. “You're that worried about him?”
During this time, we’ve hardly mentioned him. But no sooner had | said there was progress in the investigation than he popped into her mind. That aside, she sounds wholly incredulous.
Exasperated, Roxanne explained, “It’s because you've been suspecting him all this while that | hazarded such a guess. So, who else could it be if not him?”
A frown marred Lucian’s face. “That day, only the three of you were at the lab counter.” In other words, he was steering her into directing her suspicions onto Colby.
Immediately, the intimation of that dawned upon Roxanne. When she perceived the only person left other than her and Jack, shock flooded her. “You mean it was Colby?”
How could it be him? We've partnered together for so many years. If he hated me, he would’ve made a move ages ago! Even if he were jealous that | got to take the lead in this project, he had plenty of opportunities to sabotage things before this. Why would he pick this time and use such a cruel method?
Verily, Roxanne couldn't fathom it.
At the look on her face, Lucian’s heart inexorably grew heavy. “At present, he’s the prime suspect.”
“Is there proof?” Roxanne furtively clutched at the hem of her shirt, still harboring a shred of hope within her. In response, Lucian shook his head.
Utter relief suffused Roxanne. “If there’s no proof, perhaps you misunderstood. Didn't you previously claim that it was Mr. Damaris—
Before she had finished speaking, Lucian interrupted, “There’s no proof now, but I’ve got a way to prove that it was him as long as you’re willing to play along.”
That promptly took Roxanne aback.
If someone else were to say that to her, she would only regard it as a baseless accusation.
However, the person in front of her was Lucian.
For him to make such a statement meant that he was nearly one-hundred percent certain of Colby’s culpability.
“| know you can’t accept it, but | think you’re far more interested in knowing why he did such a thing. I’m also beyond curious about his reason for consigning you to death!”
Lucian pinned his eyes on her with a grim look in them. 
###Chapter 1265
Chapter 1265
When Roxanne met Lucian’s gaze, the confidence in her eyes gradually started wavering. Along moment passed before she dipped her eyes and agreed softly, “Okay, I'll do it. What do you need me to do?” During those few seconds when their eyes held, she searched the depths of her heart.
Perhaps she didn’t believe that Colby would do such a thing, but given a choice between him and Lucian, her heart would still be biased toward the man before her.
On top of that, the look in Lucian’s eyes was incredibly resolute.
Following her agreement, Lucian’s expression eased. He told her about his plan in a deep voice. As Roxanne listened, she nodded thoughtfully.
“Will this really work? We don’t have concrete evidence.”
Truth be told, she was still a touch hesitant after listening to the man’s plan.
Lucian’s expression turned chilly. “As long as he was the one behind it, he would definitely feel guilty in such a situation. Even if not, he'll be afraid of dying!”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne fell silent for a few seconds. Yet in the end, she still relented.
She took out her phone and gave Colby a call, informing him that she would be making a trip to the research institute tomorrow. On the other end of the phone, Colby readily agreed without a trace of oddity in his voice.
After she had hung up the phone, doubts again surfaced within her.
If it was truly his doing, how could he have hidden it so well? Could it be that... we’ve really misunderstood him?
As though discerning the misgivings within her, Lucian lifted his hand and placed it on hers. His voice was calm and steady. “Trust me. If it really wasn’t him, you can also rest assured.”
Pursing her lips, Roxanne bobbed her head. That night, she didn’t sleep a wink.
No matter what, she couldn't accept that a partner with whom she had worked together for many years turned out to be the culprit who almost killed her.
Her only hope was that she would obtain an answer tomorrow. Early the following morning, Lucian was already seated in the living room when Roxanne went downstairs.
She hadn't slept well, so she was somewhat dazed. At the sight of him, she spaced out for a few seconds before asking in a murmur, “Are we going over right now?”
At her wan look, Lucian’s gaze darkened. “We'll go over as soon as possible when you've had breakfast. We can’t give him any breathing room.”
If it was really Colby behind the incident, he’s exceedingly meticulous. With just a bit of breathing room, it’ll be enough time for him to do many things.
Roxanne nodded with a heavy heart. After eating some food, she bid Archie, Benny, and Estella farewell before getting into Lucian’s car to head to the research institute.
By the time they arrived at the research institute, Colby was already there, busy with something or other.
The instant he saw Roxanne and Lucian appearing together, his expression stiffened for a heartbeat. “Dr. Jarvis, Mr. Farwell, why did you both come together? You should’ve told me in advance.”
“Does Dr. Jarvis need to tell you before returning to the research institute to work?” Lucian retorted unceremoniously. At once, Colby froze, the smile on his face stained with a hint of guilt.
Sighing inwardly, Roxanne said to Colby, “Please bring me to the lab for a look. | can’t shake off the feeling that there was some problem with the experiment that day.”
At that comment, even greater guilt swamped Colby.
He had come over early in the morning to go over everything on the laboratory counter and replace the medicine he switched with a bottle of the same size to prevent discovery.
Unexpectedly, Roxanne and Lucian had arrived before he could do so.
Worse still, Roxanne was requesting to reconduct the experiment. 
###Chapter 1266
Chapter 1266
Roxanne, Lucian, and Colby stood next to the lab counter. “Dr. Galloway, Mr. Damaris isn’t here today, so please conduct the experiment with me.” Done with all the preparations, Roxanne glanced over her shoulder at Colby, who was standing at the side.
Colby had a feeling that something was off about the experiment that day. He was downright reluctant deep within, but he could only bite the bullet and concur so that he wouldn’t appear even more suspicious. Stepping forward, he walked over to Roxanne.
As Roxanne went about the experiment, she uttered, “You should be clear about the steps for this experiment, so I’m not going to repeat them. | merely want to see where exactly things went wrong.”
Colby flashed her a forced smile. “Okay, I'll do my best.” Without looking at him, Roxanne vaguely muttered an acknowledgment.
She wasn’t sure whether it was her mind playing tricks on her, but after that brief interaction, she found his reaction seemingly strange.
Consequently, she became very distracted throughout the experiment.
Finally, they came to the segment where the accident occurred.
Surprisingly, no smoke billowed out from the flask as it did the other day.
Roxanne stood at the side with her eyes lowered, rendering her expression indiscernible.
Just as Colby was about to speak, he glimpsed her suddenly turning and casting a glance in Lucian’s direction. When the couple looked at each other, helplessness showed on Roxanne’s face.
Colby keenly perceived the expression of her emotions, and a wave of jealousy surged within him.
I'm standing right next to her, and | understand the experiment far better! So why? Why is she asking him for help? Come to think of it, they also came to the research institute together this morning. It seems that their relationship is much closer than | expected!
Belatedly, something occurred to him. Argh! | might have accidentally benefitted him!
At that realization, intense fury and envy instantly displaced the guilt within him. The leash he kept on his expression slipped as well.
When Roxanne turned back, she was greeted by his insidious expression. “Dr. Galloway,” she reflexively called out, her heart clenching.
In all the years they had been acquainted, she had only known him for always being gentle and elegant. That was the first time she had ever witnessed such a dark side to him.
In a flash, Colby jolted back to reality. The baleful expression on his face disappeared in the blink of an eye, a warm smile taking its place. “What's the matter?”
Roxanne’s lips parted, but her heart was so heavy that no words came out.
While she was at a loss in facing such a veritable stranger, Lucian’s voice rang out behind her. “If you don’t mind, I'd like to have a look.”
Lucian casually inserted himself between the two of them, separating them both.
Naturally, Roxanne had no ions since that was part of their plan.
Contrarily, Colby’s heart lurched. “The experiment has always been thus. There must have been a mistake somewhere along the way that day. Even if you take a look, you won't be able to find anything.”
Acting as though he didn’t hear the man, Lucian shifted his gaze to Roxanne beside him. “What is this? | don’t think | saw you using it during the experiment.”
Following his gaze, Roxanne caught sight of a transparent bottle on the counter. After scrutinizing it for a while, she answered, “Nothing important. It’s just distilled water for supplementation.”
“In that case, there shouldn't be any problem adding this in, yes? From the surveillance footage, the amount of liquid in this bottle seems to have dwindled, probably having been used in the experiment. But you didn’t use it earlier.”
As Lucian said that, he had already reached out and picked up the bottle. 
###Chapter 1267
Chapter 1267
Colby watched Lucian’s actions intently, his breathing catching for a second.
Despite knowing that it wasn’t the bottle of medicine from that day since he had personally replaced it with the bottle of distilled water, he still couldn’t help breaking into a cold sweat.
He actually realized that someone had used that bottle of medicine! D*mn it! | didn’t even notice that tiny detail! “Dr. Galloway, | can add this in, right?” Without warning, Lucian turned and looked at him.
Colby’s pupils constricted. He dug his nails into his palms to force himself to remain calm. “Of course. It’s only going to dilute the solution. Perhaps Mr. Damaris added it that day, but we didn’t notice it.”
While saying that, he took a step back to make room for the man.
Inclining his head, Lucian walked over and occupied the freed space. Uncorking the bottle, he slowly poured the liquid inside into the flask.
At the same time, a pill slipped out of his hand, which was in Colby’s blind spot. After falling into the bottle, it dissolved upon contact with water, blending with the colorless and odorless distilled water before mixing with the liquid in the flask.
“All done.”
He corked the bottle back and moved away. “Let’s observe for a while longer and see whether there’s any unusual reaction. Maybe it was a problem with the distilled water.”
Colby couldn't shake off the feeling that something was amiss. Nonetheless, he steeled himself and returned to his place at the counter. His entire body tense, he stared at the flask that was still in the midst of reacting.
Shortly after, the same gas as that day gradually filled the flask.
For a moment, Colby’s breath caught. He gaped at the gas in the flask before glancing at the distilled water at the side, his eyes brimming with disbelief.
How could this be? | personally placed the distilled water there. How could there be gas? Could it be that... someone switched the liquid inside?
As panic inundated him, Lucian’s voice split the air hauntingly. “Does this bottle really contain distilled water, Dr. Galloway?” Stiffly turning around, Colby trained his gaze on Roxanne beside him.
In her eyes, he could see the reflection of himself that appeared all tense and guilty.
Behind him, Lucian’s scorching gaze bore into him as though wishing to see through him.
Abruptly shuddering, he whirled around and took off without an ounce of hesitation.
It wasn’t until Roxanne had witnessed that scene that she truly believed Colby was the culprit behind everything.
Casting her mind back to the events that day after learning the truth, she realized that the man was all too suspicious.
It was after he had taken over the experiment the other day that a great amount of gas materialized. That aside, when we were going to check on the flask, he deftly hid behind us...
In that instant, turmoil brewed within her.
Verily, the fact that a partner who had worked with her for so long had almost killed her was a bitter pill for her to swallow. “I've caught him, Mr. Farwell.” While she was wallowing in self-doubt, Cayden’s voice drifted into her ear.
Promptly snapping back to her senses, Roxanne swung her gaze over, only to see Colby restrained by Cayden, his head hung so low that it almost touched his chest.
Colby initially wanted to flee. Unexpectedly, he ran right into Cayden, who had been keeping guard, just when he reached the gates of the research institute.
Even with his head lowered, he could sense Roxanne’s questioning gaze on him.
His gaze grim, Lucian threw a look at the woman beside him. Aware that she couldn’t accept the truth of the matter, he stepped forward and blocked her from seeing Colby.
“It was just an experiment, Dr. Galloway. Why did you leave in such a hurry?”
He fixated an icy gaze on the man restrained by Cayden, his voice dripping with sarcasm. 
###Chapter 1268
Chapter 1268
Colby kept his head bowed, his pupils darting around incessantly.
Now that things have come to this, | won’t be able to keep the truth under wraps no matter what | say. Besides, Lucian has already discovered there’s a problem with that bottle of distilled water. Does he have other evidence in hand?
As his brain whirred, Lucian’s voice rang out once more. “Did you think you could get away with it by privately asking the purchasing staff to help you sneak the medicine in?”
The instant those words fell, Colby snapped his eyes up and gaped at the man in shock. He knows! He really knows everything!
Lucian held his gaze expressionlessly. “Are you still planning to deny it at this point? Or are you only going to confess to your crimes when the police have arrived?”
Behind him, Roxanne had stepped out at some point in time and regarded Colby blankly.
When Colby met her gaze, his lips twitched. An intense struggle transpired within him.
Along time passed before he ultimately admitted, “Indeed, it was me. Everything was my doing!” The very moment Roxanne heard his confession with her own ears, her legs went weak.
She instinctively shot her hand out and grabbed onto Lucian’s arm, digging her nails into her palm to retain her composure. With her eyes pinned on Colby, she questioned, “Why did you do such a thing? | don’t think I’ve wronged you in any way in all the years we've worked together. Even this project is a collaborative effort between us both.”
| still remember how pleasant it was to collaborate with him while abroad. Likewise, it’s still vivid in my mind that | only gained a foothold in the research institute because of him back when | first returned to the country.
But turning her gaze back to the man with a blank expression in front of her, she inevitably wondered whether the Colby she knew had ever existed.
Colby stared at her fixedly, the self-deprecation in his eyes intensifying. “Why did | do so? Do you really not know? Roxanne, do you know that your reaction now makes me feel that everything I’ve done has been nothing but a joke?”
Roxanne’s brows knitted together, bafflement written clear in her eyes. A feverish light came into Colby’s eyes, and he revealed the entirety of the thoughts hidden deep within him.
“If you want a reason, blame it on the fact that you’re too outstanding and eye-catching. Why must you be so striking? It makes me look like a rat in the drain, only worthy of looking up at you all day long. But what about you? You weren't even willing to look down and spare me a glance! Am | that contemptible to you? Admittedly, Jack, Jonathan, and Lucian are far more impressive than me. However, have any of them been by your side as long as | have? What gives? You just couldn’t see me!”
Hearing that, Roxanne was stunned, and her expression turned panicked.
Huh, he likes me? When did this start? Indeed, I’ve never noticed his feelings for me. Looking back, we first got acquainted when | went abroad to lick my wounds after being hurt by Lucian. At that time, not only was | pregnant, but | was still in love with Lucian. | hadn’t the presence of mind to take note of other men. Moreover, the only impression | have of him is merely that of a lab partner who was very much in sync with me. After returning to the country, | was wholly focused on the research institute. When everything at the research institute had finally gotten on track, Lucian reappeared in my life. At the end of the day, the space in my heart belongs to Lucian when he’s there and remains empty when he’s absent. I've never thought of allowing another man in... 
###Chapter 1269
Chapter 1269
From Roxanne’s expression, Colby understood everything. He chuckled bitterly in a self-deprecating manner. Roxanne lifted her eyes to him. “And so, you came up with this idea?”
Even then, she wasn’t willing to believe that the gentle and elegant man who had helped her tremendously would do such a thing.
Alas, her skepticism when things had come to that merely made Colby feel all the more insulted. “If | hadn’t done all this, would you have noticed me? Do you know how much I've given up all these years just to have you see me? Do you think I’m really only capable of being your second, considering my capabilities?”
Every single word out of his mouth hit Roxanne squarely in the chest. Only then did she realize how much she had overlooked all these years.
I'm already the top traditional medicine practitioner in Chanaea, and he’s about on par with me. In fact, Professor Lambert even praised him once. He has the capability of branching out and handling things on his own. Yet, he has always been my partner. | always thought that Professor Lambert specifically arranged for us to be together because he trusted us. Never had | imagined such a reason behind it all.
“Do you think this incident is the only thing | did?” Colby’s voice rang out once more. Shocked, Roxanne swung her gaze to him.
Meeting her gaze in derision, Colby suddenly burst into laughter. “Haha! It turns out that you don’t even know what I’ve done! You only investigated the incident this time because Lucian told you about his suspicions, huh? Sure enough, you never notice me, no matter what | do!”
“No, that’s not it! | just... | just trusted you too much,” Roxanne explained on reflex.
No sooner had she said that than Colby interjected coldly, “I'd rather you don’t trust me so much! | don’t want you to look at me with the same expression all the time. You smile at them and cry because of them, but when it comes to me, you’re forever acting professionally. Am | not even worthy of being your friend? Do you look down on me that much, Roxanne?”
A frown marred Roxanne’s countenance. For a moment, she didn’t quite know how to respond to his accusations. Some time passed before she awkwardly asked, “Other than this, what else did you do?” By then, Colby had already put away all expression from his face.
At that question, his lips turned up. “I’m not going to tell you that. Anyway, I’m going to leave this place soon. You've never seen me all these years, so this time, I’ve got to leave you thinking about me. Go and investigate yourself!”
Roxanne balled her fists, her expression as grim as ever. “Don’t do this, Dr. Galloway—”
Before she had finished speaking, Colby cut her off sharply. “Don’t call me Dr. Galloway! | almost killed you! Aren’t you the least bit angry? Why must you still address me so formally?”
Frowning, Roxanne went silent for a long time before murmuring, “Why must you do this, Colby? You could’ve just talked to me directly. Why did you have to use such a method?”
When Colby heard that she had finally changed her address toward him, his expression eased for a second. Yet in the next heartbeat, he had steeled himself again.
Thereafter, he no longer responded no matter what Roxanne said.
“Colby Galloway, you should never have made a move against her!”
Seeing that Roxanne had ceased speaking, Lucian stalked over to Colby.
Before Colby even knew what was happening, a hard punch had landed on his stomach.
“I'm only giving you one punch because you've taken care of Roxanne for such a long time. If you dare do anything dumb again when you get out, | don’t mind sending you to meet your maker!”
Lucian’s voice was frightfully chilly. 
###Chapter 1270
Chapter 1270
Soon, the police arrived.
Colby was then escorted into the police car by the police.
Before leaving, he glanced back over his shoulder and took a long look at Roxanne. Roxanne merely held his gaze for a second before she promptly averted her eyes. Truth be told, she didn’t quite know how to face the man.
At the sight of her avoiding his gaze, Colby gave a bitter chuckle that dripped with self-deprecation. He cooperatively got into the police car.
Thereafter, the police car sped away.
Cayden also departed after taking his leave from Lucian.
Following that, Roxanne and Lucian were the only ones left at the entrance of the research institute. Lucian regarded the woman beside him in concern.
“What are you thinking? Are you still unwilling to believe that Colby would do such a thing?”
Lifting her eyes, Roxanne met his gaze. She said nothing, but the look in her eyes spoke volumes.
Indeed, overturning one’s long-time perception toward someone wasn’t something that could be accomplished overnight, at least not for her.
Casting a gaze in the direction where the police car had left, she asked, “What will happen to him?” Immediately, a frown marred Lucian’s countenance. “Even now, you still care about him?”
Roxanne’s expression turned rueful. “You don’t understand. Ultimately, he worked with me for many years. Besides, | can’t shake off the feeling that | was part of the reason for everything he did.”
If it weren’t because | was dense in matters of the heart, and if | had realized his feelings for me earlier, perhaps all this wouldn't have happened. My thinking was too simple. He’s an outstanding doctor, but he’s been my deputy all these years. Yet, | took it as a matter of course.
As she was wallowing in guilt, a pair of arms gathered her into a cool embrace without warning. Amassive hand stroked her head.
On the heels of that, Lucian’s baritone voice drifted into her ears. “This isn’t your fault. He was the one who strayed from the path. No one expresses their love in such a manner.”
Roxanne’s heart skipped a bit. She stared at his profile blankly, hoping to hear more from him.
“If he really loves you, he wouldn’t be able to bring himself to hurt you. He did many things to sabotage you, so he only has himself to blame for the consequences he’s bearing today. Pushing all the blame on you was merely his way of justifying himself.”
Well, | reckon Colby realized his mistakes when he was caught. Unfortunately, there was already no turning back for him. Hence, he could only use such a method to console himself that he hadn't done anything wrong.
At Lucian’s analysis, the heavy boulder weighing on Roxanne’s heart slowly lifted. “But why exactly did he do all that?”
Still, she couldn’t understand Colby’s motivations.
She didn’t think he was lying about anything he said before he was taken away.
In fact, she believed that he really had feelings for her.
However, she couldn't figure out his reason for hurting her.
As Lucian said, if he really likes me, he wouldn’t be able to stand hurting me...
The scene Lucian saw in the surveillance footage popped into his mind, and his gaze darkened a shade. When the gas was produced, Colby was actually calling out to Jack.
In other words, Jack was his real target, but Roxanne ruined his plan by accident.
However, if he had stopped the latter at that time, Jack would have definitely noticed something amiss. As such, he could only watch as Roxanne placed herself in the path of danger.
Nonetheless, Lucian didn’t plan on telling Roxanne about it.
After all, she seemed to have been greatly moved by Colby’s words, and he didn’t want another man to take up space in her heart.
In any case, Roxanne hadn't expected to obtain an answer either. When the man remained silent, she muttered, “Also, he said this wasn’t the only thing he did. What else did he do?”
Lucian stroked her hair in comfort. “I'll investigate. Don’t dwell upon it anymore. You've just recovered, so rest more.” 
###Chapter 1271
Chapter 1271
Since Colby had been arrested, the research institute would end up without a leader at the helm if Roxanne were to leave.
Thus, she could only stay for the time being and seek out another trustworthy researcher. She told him about the subsequent project arrangements and had him take Colby’s place temporarily.
Worried, Lucian kept watch beside her. By the time Roxanne was done giving her instructions, it was already evening, time for everyone to get off work. Getting to her feet, she left with Lucian.
No sooner had they reached the entrance of the research institute than a Rolls-Royce suddenly screeched to a stop before them with great fanfare.
Roxanne found the car in front of her a tad familiar, but she couldn’t remember whose vehicle it was at that very moment.
Before she could figure out the answer, the driver’s door had already swung open. Jack alighted from the car with a concerned expression on his face.
“Mr. Damaris?”
At the sight of him, a myriad of emotions brewed within Roxanne.
Prior to Colby’s detention, she had little trust in Jack. Therefore, she hadn’t contacted him recently. Seeing him right then, she felt both apologetic and surprised.
Beside her, Lucian expressionlessly inclined his head at Jack in greeting.
On the contrary, Jack grinned at the man amicably. “Thank you for intervening in this matter and clearing up my name, Mr. Farwell!”
When Lucian heard that, his expression darkened a shade. Meanwhile, puzzlement inundated Roxanne. “You already know about it?” How did he catch wind of it so fast? It’s only been half a day since Colby was taken into custody.
In response, Jack chortled. “Don’t forget that your research institute is pretty well-known in Horington. Furthermore, it has a collaboration with Damaris Group. After the arrest in the morning, news of it circulated in the afternoon.”
After saying that, he pinned a meaningful look on Lucian before adding, “Of course, someone in particular also played a pivotal role in that.”
Following his gaze, Roxanne looked at the man beside her. Surprise showed in her eyes.
He has been with me all this time, yet | have no inkling when he spread the news!
“Anyway, I’m really curious about one thing. How did you manage to catch him, Mr. Farwell?” Jack asked sincerely. Ever since the day Roxanne was poisoned, he had harbored suspicions against Colby.
Alas, there was no substantial evidence. He wanted to seek Roxanne out for help, but Lucian stood in his way.
Lucian suspected him to a great extent, so there was no way the former would lend him a hand.
As such, he could only investigate by himself. Regretfully, he didn’t find any evidence even after delving into the incident for days.
In the face of Jack’s question, Lucian acted as though he didn’t hear it, saying nary a word.
At the side, Roxanne sensed that the atmosphere between them was somewhat tense, so she interjected with the narration of events that morning.
Jack quirked a brow after hearing about Lucian’s tactic. “I didn’t expect you to be so ingenious, Mr. Farwell. On top of that, it sounds as though it didn’t require much effort. I’m truly impressed!”
Despite the compliment, there wasn’t a hint of admiration in Jack’s eyes. Discerning the implication behind his remark, Roxanne threw Lucian a look in exasperation.
Upon noticing that he had no intention of speaking, she had no choice but to apologize on his behalf. “Sorry for misunderstanding you previously. Please don’t take any offense, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack cast Lucian an unfathomable glance before turning his gaze back to her. “It’s only natural that you suspected me. After all, Dr. Galloway and | were the only ones around you back then. But | never expected you to stop contacting me for such a long time, Ms. Jarvis. | was exceedingly worried about your condition.” 
###Chapter 1272
Chapter 1272
Following Jack’s words, even greater guilt swamped Roxanne. “I'm sorry. I've been so busy investigating the incident that day that | forgot to contact you.” Biting the bullet, she apologized to the man.
Fortunately, Jack didn’t continue pursuing the matter. He merely looked her up and down with a smile, seemingly to ascertain that she had recovered.
“I've recovered fully now. Sorry for worrying you these past few days, Mr. Damaris,” Roxanne murmured.
“I'm glad to hear that. | went to the hospital to visit you the night you passed out, but Mr. Farwell said I’d disrupt your rest and didn’t allow me in,” Jack commented in what appeared to be an offhanded manner.
Hearing that, Roxanne turned to the man beside her.
Lucian met her gaze calmly. “I told you about it. It was indeed late at that time. Mr. Damaris must have had the same concerns as me, for he didn’t insist on going in.”
That was to say, he had already told Roxanne about the matter. Jack’s expression changed drastically.
Considering his personality, | thought he wouldn’t tell her that I'd been over to visit her. Unexpectedly, he’d informed her about it. Moreover... her reaction isn’t what I'd anticipated.
He studied Roxanne’s expression, but there was nothing else other than contrition toward him. There wasn’t a hint of censure toward Lucian.
At that, he retracted his gaze in slight chagrin, only to collide with Lucian’s scrutinizing look. As their eyes held, the tension between them grew by leaps and bounds.
Perceptively sensing something off with the atmosphere between them, Roxanne furtively tugged at the hem of Lucian’s shirt, signaling for him to put his hostility away.
When all was said and done, Jack didn’t do anything wrong. They were the ones who misunderstood him in the first place.
“| was discharged from the hospital the next morning, and Mr. Farwell told me about it. Thank you for giving me first-aid treatment at the research institute, Mr. Damaris. Otherwise, | might not have recovered so quickly. | apologize for not contacting you timely after being discharged.”
She gazed at the man in front of her with all the sincerity in the world while putting in a good word for Lucian surreptitiously, hoping that the tension between them would ease.
Regretfully, neither of them seemed to appreciate it. Lucian snorted disdainfully.
Jack, on the other hand, glanced at Lucian before shifting his gaze to Roxanne with helplessness written all over his face. “It looks like Mr. Farwell still has some misunderstanding toward me.”
Roxanne’s brows knitted together imperceptibly, and she threw a look at the man beside her, wishing that he would say something.
After all, Jack was a crucial collaboration partner at the current stage. Hence, she would inevitably have to face him on a daily basis in the near future.
If she were to really get together with Lucian, the man would need to try accepting this collaboration partner of hers.
She didn’t want her work to be affected again because of his jealousy after they had made their relationship official.
Sensing her gaze on him, Lucian merely spared Jack an indifferent look.
At his attitude, a pounding headache assailed Roxanne.
Oh God, | can already foresee their interaction in the future!
“I came over to inquire about Dr. Galloway’s matter and ascertain your recovery. Now that things have been made clear, | won’t tarry any further. I’ve still got something to handle at Damaris Group, so I'll be leaving first.”
Subsequently, Jack excused himself.
Jolted out of her thoughts, Roxanne nodded smilingly. “See you, Mr. Damaris. | can continue doing research in two days. I'll contact you then.”
Jack acquiesced noncommittally before speeding away.
Roxanne watched as his car disappeared from her line of sight before turning to the man beside her with exasperation etched across her features. 
###Chapter 1273
Chapter 1273
Mild disgruntlement stained Lucian’s face. “Why did he come?”
“The experiment Dr. Galloway tampered with was under Damaris Group’s project. Naturally, Mr. Damaris needed to come over and check on the situation,” Roxanne explained patiently.
Right after saying that, she frowned and chided, “Your attitude was horrible. Not only did you misunderstand him for such a long time previously, but you were even hostile with him earlier. Shouldn't you have apologized to him?”
Lucian’s expression darkened frightfully, but in her presence, he still kept a leash on his temper. “That’s impossible.”
Jack must have some other motive to have come over. It was certainly not as simple as checking on the situation. It'd be more apt to say that he came to provoke me!
Roxanne was entirely oblivious to the silent battle that had ensued between the two men’s gazes earlier. Consequently, she found his resolute refusal pretty unreasonable.
“Where exactly did your hostility toward Mr. Damaris come from? Back at the hospital, it was because you suspected him of being the culprit who tampered with the experiment. But now, it has been proven that the matter had nothing to do with him. In fact, he was also a victim. Why do you still have such prejudice toward him now?”
When she had finished saying that, something abruptly occurred to her, and she added, “Even if you were rivals with him in the past, it has all ended now. That aside, you won. Why—”
Without waiting for her to complete her sentence, Lucian interrupted with a frown, “It has nothing to do with that matter.” Words eluded Roxanne, and she was wholly perplexed.
She racked her brain relentlessly, but there seemed to be only one possible answer.
Could it be that... he’s still jealous?
At that thought, she eyed the grim-faced man beside her in disbelief.
Lucian’s brows were scrunched together deeply, and he didn’t appear inclined to explain things.
“You think that Mr. Damaris has feelings for me?” Roxanne ventured.
Lucian met her gaze without answering that, but the look in his eyes affirmed her conjecture.
Unbidden, panic flooded Roxanne. “How could that be? Mr. Damaris and | are only collaboration partners. If he truly has designs on me—"
“Didn't you fail to perceive Colby’s interest in you?” Lucian was displeased by her adamant defense of Jack. Speaking of that, Roxanne couldn’t help feeling guilty.
Indeed, it’d never crossed my mind at first that Colby would have romantic feelings toward me. But Jack... Well, | can’t think of any reason he’d take a fancy to me.
Glimpsing her skepticism, Lucian elaborated solemnly, “He treated you to meals and even gave you flowers. Additionally, he tried to win Archie and Benny over.”
He methodically recounted everything Jack had done. All that left Roxanne without a retort.
Indeed, Jack did all that. But then, they can be justified.
Still, she tried to convince herself otherwise.
Unfortunately, Lucian gave her no chance of doing so, continuing, “If | remember correctly, you accepted all the flowers he gave you.”
When his words drifted into Roxanne’s ears, she hadn't yet dispelled all her doubts. A sense of guilt inexplicably rose within her.
Lucian didn’t stop there, his voice persisting. “Contrarily, you were exceedingly reluctant to accept the flowers | gave you. Was it because you didn’t like them?”
At his repeated questioning, Roxanne could only bite the bullet and nod in response, pretending that she disliked roses.
She relented because the man seemingly wanted to speak further, and she was afraid that he would give her flowers every day as before.
“Never mind if you don’t want to apologize to Mr. Damaris. There’s nothing between us, so don’t overthink things.” Only then did Lucian cease talking about that subject.
Roxanne secretly breathed a sigh of relief. 
###Chapter 1274
Chapter 1274
Mission To Remarry Chapter 1274
Meanwhile, Aubree recuperated at the hospital for two whole days before the condition of her arm finally took a turn for the better.
Learning that her daughter had been injured, Gina rushed to the hospital early in the morning. “What's going on here? How’s your injury? Are you feeling better? And why didn’t you tell me earlier?” At the sight of Aubree in a hospital gown, anguish marred Gina’s features.
Aubree shook her head woodenly, her voice hoarse. “I’m fine. My injury has already healed, so it wouldn't do me any good to tell you.”
In the past two days, she had been helpless to do anything because of her injured arm. When she was awake, she spent most of the time in tears.
It was precisely for that reason that she didn’t want her parents to come over.
Only when Gina heard her voice did she notice that her daughter had seemingly been crying. On a closer look, she saw that Aubree’s face was horribly puffy.
In a flash, her heart sank. “What happened? Why did you cry so much? And who picked on you?” At the mention of that, tears inexorably welled up in Aubree’s eyes once more.
Before her mother, the grievances within her surged to the forefront.
“Hey, what happened that you can’t tell me? Don’t bottle it up!”
Gina anxiously sat down beside the hospital bed.
At long last, Aubree snapped and threw herself into her mother’s arms, wailing, “Mom, Lucian... Lucian wants to call off our engagement!”
The instant Gina heard that, her expression froze. She gaped at her daughter in her arms. “What did you just say?” In a choked voice, Aubree repeated her utterance. It wasn’t until then that Gina believed her ears. Sheer shock deluged her.
Huh, Lucian wants to call off the engagement? That makes no sense! No matter how opposed he is to this marriage agreement, it still lasted for six whole years! Why would he cancel it at this juncture?
All of a sudden, a light bulb went off in her head. She stared down at Aubree. “Answer me honestly. How exactly did you get injured? Did you go and pick trouble with Roxanne again?”
Aubree merely sobbed without saying anything. However, Gina had already gotten the answer. Her brows creased at once. “How foolish of you!”
Lucian had already permitted her to take care of Essie, and she was only a step away from being the mistress of the Farwell family! Why couldn’t she put up with that woman? She just had to go and pick trouble with her at this time!
“She's a total b*tch! Lucian stayed at the hospital the whole night to take care of her. That aside, he even sent Essie over to her place again! If | hadn’t gone over to seek her out, he might have just married her behind our backs!”
Aubree’s voice brimmed with recrimination.
Following that revelation, another wave of shock crashed over Gina. What? He actually hasn’t given up on that woman? In her arms, Aubree continued crying her heart out.
Ultimately, Gina couldn't bear to lecture her. Patting her on the back, she coaxed, “Don’t cry anymore. As long as news of it hasn't yet spread, there’s still hope.”
Upon hearing that, Aubree lifted her head with tears pouring down her face, a glimmer of hope in her eyes. “But... you didn’t see Lucian’s attitude. What else can | do?”
Gina gritted her teeth. “If all else fails, seek Mrs. Farwell out while they’re not together yet! If she were to learn about it, she’d undoubtedly stop them!”
At her suggestion, Aubree’s eyes flickered. In all honesty, she wasn’t willing to believe in Sonya anymore. I've sought her out countless times, but in the end, Lucian still wants to break off our engagement!
“Even if she can’t change Lucian’s mind, she can help us get rid of Roxanne at the very least!” Gina added softly when she glimpsed her daughter’s hesitation.
Along while later, Aubree’s eyes glinted coldly, and her tears gradually ceased. 
###Chapter 1275
Chapter 1275
Mission To Remarry Chapter 1275 On that very night, Aubree went to the Farwell main residence in her injured state.
Right then, Sonya had just finished dinner and was taking a stroll in the back garden. She was all smiles when she saw that Aubree had come to visit her. “You’re here, Aubree? What has been keeping you so busy these few days that you haven't been over to keep me company?”
Aubree merely pursed her lips and lowered her head without answering the woman. Seeing that, Sonya walked over to her in puzzlement. “What's wrong? Did Lucian pick on you again?” Aubree bobbed her head before shaking it in the next second, sniffling softly.
As soon as Sonya heard the sniffles, her heart sank. Taking Aubree’s arm, she led the younger woman into the living room and ordered the butler to serve coffee.
“Elias isn’t here tonight. What happened? Feel free to tell me everything!” This time, Aubree lifted her head and glanced at the woman. Earlier, it was dark outside, and she had been keeping her head hung low, so Sonya hadn’t seen her face.
Now that Aubree had raised her head, Sonya noticed that her face seemed slightly puffy, making it evident that she had been crying and badly at that.
“Why did you cry so much? Did Lucian bully you? Tell me, and I'll seek justice for you!”
Sitting down beside her in distress, Sonya wrapped an arm around her and pulled her close. Her voice brimmed with vexation as she continued, “This is too much! How could he bully you to such a degree when he’s going to marry you soon? Isn’t it only going to be worse after you've married into the family? Don’t worry. I'll definitely help you lecture him!”
When the subject of marriage came up, grief swamped Aubree. The tears pouring down her face became genuine. “Mrs. Farwell... there’s no need to go to such trouble...”
Frowning, Sonya regarded her in mystification.
Aubree buried her head in the crook of Sonya’s neck, weeping so violently that she trembled all over. Even her voice shook. “Lucian has already... He has already called off our engagement! Just pretend that the entire matter never existed! Even if | can’t become your daughter-in-law, I'll still take good care of you in the future!”
In a heartbeat, Sonya’s face went as black as thunder. “Don’t cry anymore! Tell me what exactly happened! How could he make an arbitrary decision when it’s such a major issue?”
The marriage agreement between the Farwell and Pearson families has persisted for many years. On top of that, I've repeatedly made my stance clear that Aubree is my approved daughter-in-law. How could he cancel the engagement without asking for my opinion? Does he really think that this matter is his business alone?
In a stammering voice, Aubree recounted the series of events that happened yesterday.
“l only wanted to go and pick Essie up, but Ms. Jarvis adamantly refused to let me do so. She even called me a shrew. Naturally, | lost my temper.”
At that point, she cautiously lifted her eyes and stole a peek at Sonya’s expression.
Only when she ascertained that the latter didn’t suspect anything that she continued, “A minor conflict broke out between us. Admittedly, | might have been a bit harsh in my speech, but she was the one who started insulting me first. Worse still, she hit me. Look, | still can’t exert strength on my arm even now.”
Sonya glanced at Aubree’s arm, her eyes blazing with fury.
She once injured her arm while saving me. The previous time, her arm was also hurt for the second time because of Roxanne! And now, the woman actually dared to make a move against her again! This isn’t just a matter of getting physical with Aubree. Instead, she’s also challenging me!
As her thoughts developed in that direction, her expression turned icy. “What audacity! Is Roxanne trying to walk all over me?”
After roaring that, she fixed a firm look on Aubree. “Don’t worry, for I'll certainly seek justice for you!” 
###Chapter 1276
Chapter 1276
Mission To Remarry Chapter 1276 Immediately, Sonya whipped out her phone and gave Lucian a call. At that very moment, Lucian had just left Roxanne’s house after dinner.
The instant he saw that it was a call from his mother, his heart sank. The tenderness on his face was all but gone, replaced by a layer of frost.
“Where are you right now? Make a trip back to the Farwell main residence this instant! | have something to say to you!” As soon as the call was connected, Sonya’s voice blasted out before Lucian could even utter a single word.
His brows knitted together, and he glanced back at Roxanne’s house, which was brightly lit. It was as though he could still hear the sounds of her playing with Archie and Benny.
Snapping back to reality, he agreed somberly, “Got it. I'll come over at once.” In truth, he could more or less guess the purpose of his mother’s call.
Well, she must have learned about my decision to call off the engagement and wants to speak up for Aubree. This time, I’m not going to give in to her anymore. No matter what, I’ll stay firm and sever all ties with Aubree!
With that in mind, he drove off in the dark night and headed toward the Farwell main residence. Meanwhile, Aubree watched tearfully as Sonya hung up the phone, a forlorn look on her face.
“You don’t have to do this, Mrs. Farwell. Lucian has already made up his mind, and | respect his decision. | only came over and sought you out because | was feeling too heartbroken and wanted to have a good cry. You don’t need to bother about me.”
At the sight of her sniveling, Sonya was both irate and anguished. “What are you saying? I’ve said that you’re the only person worthy to be the mistress of the Farwell family! When Lucian arrives, I'll definitely teach him a lesson on your behalf!”
Aubree had her head lowered as she sniffled, a fleeting gleam of ruthlessness flashing across her eyes.
She was all too aware that her tactic was despicable beyond words.
However, she didn’t mind using the same method time and again as long as it was effective.
Lucian is mine, and no one can steal him away!
Almost a whole hour passed before there was movement at the gates of the mansion.
At the same time, all the consolation on Sonya’s face disappeared into thin air. Instead, rage contorted her features. Aubree, on the other hand, sat at the side with her head hung low in guilt.
Soon, footsteps sounded at the door. On the heels of that, Lucian’s figure appeared in both their lines of sight. “Where were you just now?”
The look in Sonya’s eyes was recriminatory.
Meeting her gaze, Lucian countered placidly, “Is there a need to ask when you already know the answer?” Regardless of whether it was from the Farwell residence or Farwell Group, it wouldn’t have taken that long to get to the Farwell main residence.
As Lucian had expected, Aubree was there.
Therefore, he had no doubt that his mother had learned about his decision to break off the engagement and his relationship with Roxanne.
She merely called him over that day to use it as a pretext to kick up a fuss. The stark contrast between his unfazed attitude and Aubree, who was sobbing at the side, spiked Sonya’s temper.
“What kind of attitude is this? How dare you cancel the engagement with the Pearson family behind your father and my backs to mess around with Roxanne? Who allowed you to do that?”
In her wrath, she slammed the cup in her hand on the coffee table, her ladylike temperament all but gone.
Aubree, who had her head hung low, jumped in fright. A few seconds passed before she snapped back to her senses and continued sobbing woefully.
Unfortunately for them, Lucian remained unmoved. “I’m the one who has a marriage agreement with the Pearson family. Why would | need both of your approvals to cancel it?”
After he had said that, something occurred to him, and he scowled at his mother. “Furthermore, Dad has never intervened in this matter. From the very beginning, it has been your doing alone! There’s no need to drag him into this anymore. Even if he were to return today, my stance would remain the same!” 
###Chapter 1277
Chapter 1277
Mission To Remarry Chapter 1277 Sonya was promptly stunned by Lucian’s resolute demurral.
When she registered the meaning of his words, her fury blazed even hotter. “Your attitude is a blatant disregard of Aubree waiting for you for the past six years! Instead, you're getting together with that woman who abandoned her husband and daughter! Have you ever considered Essie’s feelings? And have you ever given any thought to the Farwell family’s reputation? If news were to get out that the CEO of Farwell Group married a woman with two kids, how would others perceive the Farwell family? And if they were to learn that Roxanne is the mistress of the Farwell family who left without a word six years ago, what would they think of us?”
All the while, she shot daggers at her son. I'll never allow the Farwell family to have such a scandal! When Lucian heard his mother insulting Roxanne, a flash of displeasure flitted across his eyes.
Yet, in consideration of the fact that the woman in front of him was his own mother, he kept his temper in check and merely retorted coldly, “I don’t care!”
Sonya was so livid that the veins at her temples throbbed. “How could you say that? You’re messing with the reputation of the Farwell family!”
At that accusation, Lucian quirked a brow.
So what if | am? | can afford to risk it. Even if the Farwell family were affected by this matter, I’ve got the confidence to fix everything! But then, there’s no need to tell her that. Judging from her worked-up state right now, she’ll probably keel over upon hearing that.
As he listened to his mother’s nagging, he chillingly swept a gaze over Aubree at the side. | wonder what else this woman has said to her. Seemingly noticing that he had glanced at Aubree, Sonya finally turned the subject back to the latter.
“Aubree merely went to pick Essie up out of the kindness of her heart. What did she do wrong? Her arm was injured in the past, yet Roxanne showed her no mercy!”
She was so incensed that she even wanted to rush forward and grab Aubree’s arm unceremoniously to show Lucian the latter's injury.
Nonetheless, the last shred of her sanity remained, and she curbed that impulse. She continued questioning her son, demanding, “Have you forgotten how she got injured?”
By then, a trace of impatience colored Lucian’s voice. “I haven't forgotten.” Hearing that, Sonya wanted to carry on along those lines, but his subsequent remark stopped her short.
“However, I’m still investigating that matter. The reason for her injury still needs to be verified. She might not necessarily have sustained it from saving you.”
Lucian’s gaze fell on Aubree once again, his gaze scrutinizing.
Aubree sensed his eyes on her, and her heart abruptly clenched. She dug her nails into her palms hard to keep her tears flowing. Meanwhile, Sonya gaped at her son incredulously. “How could it be fake when | witnessed it with my own eyes? Don’t ever say such a thing again!”
“Why can’t it be fake? Can you guarantee that every single word she says to you is true?” Lucian riposted impassively.
The moment his words rang out, both Sonya’s and Aubree’s expressions changed.
Sonya went silent for a few seconds, her gaze flickering for a fleeting second.
At the end of the day, she didn’t trust Aubree completely.
As such, she couldn’t answer her son in the affirmative.
In the end, she forcefully changed the subject. “If you insist on calling off the engagement with Aubree, give me a reason | can accept! Otherwise, |’ll never agree to it!”
As Aubree heard the wavering in her voice, she lifted her eyes and cast her gaze over, stunned. Tears stained her face, rendering her utterly pitiful. 
###Chapter 1278
Chapter 1278
Mission To Remarry Chapter 1278 Lucian found it downright ironic that Sonya and Aubree both trusted yet doubted each other. Since she wants a reason, | don’t mind giving her one.
“Aubree isn’t suitable to be Essie’s mother. I’ve already given her six years and allowed her to take care of Essie recently. However, Essie is still unwilling to accept her. In fact, Essie’s condition is showing signs of recurrence under her care. | won't risk Essie’s well-being.”
Frowning deeply, Sonya dipped her head and directed her gaze at Aubree.
Indeed, she knew nothing about Estella’s condition.
Before that day, she thought that Aubree and Essie were already getting along smashingly well.
She had never expected the reality to be such.
Even then, she would never accept Roxanne, who had abandoned Estella back then.
“Aubree merely needs some time. Give her more time. She'll be able to resolve it!” Sonya insisted stubbornly.
The impatience on Lucian’s face grew even more blatant. “If | were to allow her to continue interacting with Essie, Essie’s condition would only worsen.”
At that statement, a conflicted look entered Sonya’s eyes, and her voice was no longer as firm as before. “How would you know without trying? Is she not better than Roxanne, who abandoned Essie?”
Verily, Lucian wasn’t in the mood to argue with her further. “Indeed, she’s not.”
After saying that, he spun on his heel to leave. Before doing so, he stated, “I've already made up my mind regarding the engagement. No matter what you say, it'll never change my decision. Next time, please disclose your reason for calling me over when you phone me. If it’s about this, don’t bother anymore.”
Never having expected him to leave like that, Sonya was enraged and tried stopping him. “Stop right there!”
Alas, Lucian’s footsteps didn’t falter in the slightest.
When Aubree saw that, her heart instantly lodged in her throat.
She knew that if she were to really allow the man to leave then, there would be no more salvaging their engagement. Casting all caution to the wind, she shot to her feet and sprinted toward Lucian’s back. Then, she hugged him from behind. “You can’t do this to me, Lucian! I’ve waited for you for six years! How much longer is left of my youth?”
Lucian lowered his eyes and glanced at her hands around his waist, repulsion brimming in his eyes. “I never asked you to wait. It was all wishful thinking on your part.”
In the past six years, | told her countless times that I’d like to break off the engagement, but she brushed me off with various excuses. Now that we've put up the act for so long, | no longer want to play along with her.
While he spoke, he mercilessly pried her fingers off him, one by one. He subsequently warned, “I’m furious because you sought Roxanne out and kicked up a fuss. If you don’t want to bear my wrath, it’s best that you don’t continue hounding her.”
Aubree exerted all the strength within her to resist him, but ultimately, she wasn’t his match. Pain shot through her fingers, and she was even callously shoved back.
At the sudden push, she lost her balance and stumbled a few steps before she fell onto the ground in a disheveled mess. However, Lucian strode out without even sparing her a single glance.
“Lucian!” Aubree stared at his retreating back through red-rimmed eyes.
Turning a deaf ear to her, Lucian climbed into the car without a backward glance.
Aubree started wailing at the top of her lungs.
It was the first time Sonya had ever seen her in such a hysterical state. For a moment, she felt as though she was staring at a veritable stranger.
She hesitated for a long while before hesitantly dragging her feet over and helping Aubree up. 
###Chapter 1279
Chapter 1279
Mission To Remarry Chapter 1279
As Lucian drove back to the Farwell residence, he was still in a foul mood.
Mom really trusts Aubree too much! It’s so bad that she belittled Roxanne in such a manner! Even until he arrived back at the manor, his expression remained as black as thunder. Roxanne’s message came in when he alighted from the car.
The moment he saw her name on the screen, his expression eased. He tapped on the notification and took a look at the message.
It read: The kids are clamoring to go to the amusement park to have fun. When are you free? Through the words alone, Lucian could sense her reluctance when she sent that message.
She probably only sent it because the kids were pestering her, and she had no other choice.
Even so, his mood improved by leaps and bounds. He was even gripped by the urge to tease her. Lifting his hand, he tapped the screen a few times and replied: Does this count as you asking me out? Right then, Roxanne was surrounded by Archie, Benny, and Estella.
“Has Mr. Farwell said anything yet, Mommy?”
“Is Mr. Farwell going to the amusement park with us? We want to go with him!”
Archie and Benny gazed at her earnestly.
Estella, on the other hand, had climbed onto the couch. Clinging onto Roxanne’s shoulders, she fixed her eyes on the phone screen in curiosity.
Meanwhile, Roxanne wore a conflicted expression on her face.
Gah! I’ve got no idea what they were thinking to suddenly make a fuss about going to the amusement park. On top of that, they kept saying that they wanted to go with Lucian and bugged me to ask the man. Worse still, they refused to sleep before receiving an answer from him!
Left with no other recourse, she could only text Lucian.
That was the first time she took the initiative to do so after they parted ways on a sour note.
For a moment, she felt very much uneasy, and anxiety lingered within her.
They waited for an indeterminate time before her phone finally lit up with a reply from Lucian.
All three children’s eyes likewise lit up. They all crowded over to have a look at the message.
Without giving it much thought, Roxanne tapped on the chat interface.
The instant she saw Lucian’s reply, her face flushed bright red even as she frantically locked her phone screen. The children were distinctly disappointed that they didn’t get to read their father’s answer.
“What did Mr. Farwell say, Mommy? Why can’t we have a look?” Benny couldn’t resist asking.
Roxanne guiltily flashed them all a smile. “It’s nothing...”
“Is Daddy going with us, then?” Estella pressed in a sweet voice.
Roxanne mulled over Lucian’s reply, the blush on her face intensifying. “He... Well, I'll ask him again.”
After saying that, she turned away from the children and texted the man where they couldn't see: The kids had me ask you that! Are you going or not?
At her reply, Lucian arched a brow and chuckled. He sent her a voice message. “If you're asking me out, | naturally won’t decline.”
Seeing that it was a voice message, Roxanne felt the onset of a headache as she glanced at the children surrounding her. Awhile later, she carefully converted it into text. Skimming her eyes over his reply, she nodded at the children. “He said okay.” Immediately, all three children jumped for joy.
Forcibly feigning calmness, Roxanne ordered them upstairs to rest while she returned to her room helplessly.
She proceeded to stare at the voice message. In the end, she couldn't help playing it.
With a tap from the tip of her finger, Lucian’s deep voice rang out in the room.
She merely listened to it once before she tossed her phone to the side, her face flaming.
I've already told him that it was the kids’ request! How could he be so shameless? 
###Chapter 1280
Chapter 1280
Mission To Remarry Chapter 1280
Soon, the weekend arrived. Roxanne was woken up by the sound of the kids knocking at her door.
The moment she opened the door, she saw the three little ones all dressed up and looking at her excitedly.
As Roxanne was still half asleep, she could not remember their plan for the day and was puzzled as to what was going on.
“Mommy, we are going to the amusement park today!” Benny reminded in his childish voice, noticing that his mother was in a daze.
Only then did Roxanne finally snap out of her trance. Feeling slightly frustrated with herself, she asked, “What time is it now?”
Benny looked at his smartwatch and answered, “It’s already seven in the morning. Mr. Farwell told us that he will be reaching soon!”
When Roxanne heard that, she looked down at her nightgown, and with a look of exasperation on her face, she instructed Archie and Benny, “I’m going to wash up now. Can the two of you prepare breakfast?”
The boys smiled at their mother and replied, “Mr. Farwell is taking us out for breakfast!” Roxanne was speechless for a moment. Then, she hurried back to her room to get ready.
Perhaps it was because of what Lucian said the other day about this being a date, but Roxanne spent a long time putting on her makeup. Unfortunately, she was still not able to get her desired look.
In the end, she decided to go with a lightly made-up face before changing into a lace blouse and faded jeans, making sure that they were comfortable enough for her to move around in.
After she was ready, the woman headed downstairs and saw that Lucian had already arrived. He and the little ones were sitting on the couch together while discussing the day's itinerary.
“Cream puffs! | want to eat cream puffs!” Benny's eyes lit up.
Roxanne heard the boy exclaiming happily as she descended the stairs. My son is indeed a glutton... Just then, Estella’s sweet voice sounded. “Ms. Jarvis!”
Following that, everyone turned to look at Roxanne.
The woman stiffened when she met their eyes and instinctively looked toward Lucian.
“Hey, gorgeous,” Lucian said, staring intently into Roxanne’s eyes.
When Roxanne heard the man’s compliment, a blush spread across her cheeks.
While sizing the man up curiously, she noticed that his hair was not styled in its usual slicked-back manner. There were a few loose strands of hair covering his forehead, giving him a more youthful look. Attire-wise, he was wearing a dark green windbreaker that looked casual yet elegant at the same time.
As Roxanne had never seen Lucian appearing so casual before, she got lost in her thoughts for a moment.
“How do | look today?”
Noticing that the woman was checking him out, Lucian stood up from the couch and walked toward her to give her a full view of his body.
Roxanne had almost reached the bottom of the stairs and was standing at eye level with Lucian.
The woman only realized what she had done when both of them locked eyes. She felt her cheeks burning and jerked back slightly before shifting her gaze away.
Lucian, who was determined to hear Roxanne’s reply, did not budge and stood at the bottom of the stairs with a smile on his face.
Having no other choice, Roxanne lowered her eyes and said, “You haven’t changed much.” To her, he was still as mesmerizing as he was six years ago.
Lucian’s eyes dimmed slightly when he heard her answer. In an ambiguous tone, he said, “My looks might not have changed, but | did change in other ways that you can’t see.”
After saying that, he held Roxanne’s hand in front of the kids.
Hearing the man’s words, Roxanne felt a surge of emotion in her heart, but before she could react, Lucian had already grabbed her hand.
Feeling conscious of the children’s presence, she instinctively tried to shake off Lucian’s hand, but his grip was so tight that it was impossible for her to do so. 
###Chapter 1281
Chapter 1281
Mission To Remarry Chapter 1281 The kids saw the intimate gesture between the two adults and exchanged cheeky glances with each other.
However, when the couple was walking toward them, they pretended not to notice and continued talking about the rides that they were going to take at the amusement park later.
Awhile later, everyone got into the car, looking forward to the rest of the day. Lucian took them to a diner for breakfast before heading to the amusement park. As they had arrived during peak hour, the amusement park was extremely crowded.
While navigating their way past the other patrons, Roxanne could not help but be reminded of their previous trip to the hot spring resort, where Benny got lost. Suddenly, she was filled with apprehension.
Sensing the woman’s unease, Lucian squeezed her hand and said, “If you are worried, | can get them to clear the area.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne returned to her senses and shook her head. With a faint smile on her face, she replied, “It’s okay. The kids won’t have as much fun if you do that.”
Benny knew that his mother was worried about him and lifted his arm to show her the smartwatch on his wrist. “Mommy, it's all right. We are all wearing smartwatches. If you can’t find us, you can always give us a call!” Archie and Estella chimed in and said, “Yup! We will stick close to you.”
Roxanne smiled after hearing the kids’ assurances. Stroking their heads affectionately, she said, “I just want you guys to have
fun. With that, the little ones headed to their first attraction.
Roxanne accompanied them on a few kiddy rides, but the kids were still not satisfied.
“Mommy, let's take the roller coaster!” Benny’s eyes sparkled with anticipation as he watched the roller coaster whizz past him. Roxanne hesitated before replying, “You are too young to be on a roller coaster. Let’s go for something else instead.”
After she finished saying that, Lucian reminded in a deep voice, “I saw a roller coaster for children just now. They can try that.” Just as Roxanne was about to agree, Benny rejected that proposition. “That's not exciting at all! We want to try this one!” Roxanne was at a loss as to what to do.
The children were indeed below the age limit for roller coaster rides.
Even if Lucian somehow managed to get them on, Roxanne would still be worried.
While she was pondering over a way to convince the kids to give up the idea, Archie suddenly spoke.
“Mommy, if we are not allowed to take the ride, can you and Mr. Farwell go for it on our behalf instead? Then we can treat it as we have already tried it!”
Benny and Estella nodded in agreement.
Hearing that, Roxanne subconsciously glanced at the man beside her.
She did not mind doing that if it would make the kids happy, but... Lucian did not seem like the sort of person who would be interested in amusement park rides.
In fact, she was unable to imagine him on a roller coaster.
“Mr. Farwell!”
“Daddy!”
The little ones started coaxing the man when they realized that their target should be Lucian instead.
Roxanne did not want to put Lucian in a tight spot and was about to reject the suggestion on his behalf when Lucian suddenly said to the kids with a serious expression, “No problem. But the three of you have to be good and wait here. Don’t run about or go off with strangers, okay?”
Hearing the man’s positive reply, the children jumped for joy and replied sweetly, “We will wait here patiently!” Then, they started urging Roxanne and Lucian to join the line for the ride.
Since Lucian had already agreed, Roxanne could only keep quiet and allow Lucian to take her hand and lead her toward the queue. 
###Chapter 1282
Chapter 1282
“If you're reluctant to do it, I'll help you explain it to the kids,” Roxanne said worriedly.
They were stuck in a crowd, and she could see that Lucian was uncomfortable.
Lucian turned to look at the three children waiting for them close by, and his gaze softened. “It’s all right. As long as they like it.” His gaze then shifted toward Roxanne. “As for you, remember to hold tight onto me if you get scared later.”
Roxanne was startled when her eyes met with his mischievous ones. She lowered her head as mixed feelings surged within her heart.
Throughout the years, she had brought Archie and Benny to an amusement park many times.
The two children had mentioned wanting to go on a roller coaster countless times but were never able to. Before that day, they had never mentioned wanting her to represent them to go on the roller coaster either. Perhaps they thought that | would be afraid.
It was not until today, with Lucian’s appearance, that they dared to ask her such a request. They had looked at her with anticipation too, not a hint of worry in their eyes.
Maybe they thought Lucian would protect me on their behalf. Even | myself think so too. Roxanne looked up and flashed Lucian a grin. “Thanks.”
As she said that, a gust of wind blew and messed up her hair. Lucian reached out to smooth the messy locks and said, “I should be the one to thank you for giving me another chance.”
The two stood out because of their good looks and impressive aura. The people around them subconsciously kept a distance but could not help stealing glances at them.
Upon witnessing that scene, someone could not control their impulsiveness and took a photo of them. However, that person had forgotten to turn off the flash of their phone.
The bright light flashed Roxanne in the eyes and snapped her back to her senses. She then turned in the direction of the person taking their photo.
That woman smiled awkwardly and said, “Sorry. The two of you looked so cute together. Can | please save this picture? That is if you don’t mind...”
Roxanne could not bear to reject the woman's request after hearing how sincere she was, but she was not the only one in the picture.
She turned to Lucian, seeking his opinion on the matter. In response, Lucian turned to glance at the woman who took their photo. That woman was facing Roxanne, so she could only see Lucian’s side profile.
When Lucian looked over, she was amazed by his handsomeness. In the next second, she was also overwhelmed by his aura and got so nervous that she almost wanted to delete the photo.
“Send me a copy of it.”
Lucian took out his phone and added the woman on WhatsApp.
Both the person who took the photo and Roxanne were dumbfounded.
The woman was stunned momentarily before she returned to her senses. Her hands were shaking in excitement as she handed her phone to Lucian.
Who would’ve thought | could add this handsome man on WhatsApp because | secretly took a photo?
After adding each other on WhatsApp, the woman followed Lucian’s instructions and sent the photo to him.
Lucian opened the photo to take a look and seemed to be satisfied with it. He then tapped on his phone a few more times. Soon, that woman received a new message. She had just received a bank transfer of ten thousand.
“Um... You don’t need to pay me. | only took the photo on a whim. It wasn’t a good shot either.”
The woman who took the photo felt uneasy.
Lucian said, “Your photography skills are not bad. You can delete the photo in your phone now.”
He put away his phone after saying that.
The woman had no choice but to turn to Roxanne for help.
She felt uneasy as she could not accept the money she felt she did not deserve.
Roxanne felt her head ache as she said, “Take it and delete the photo on your phone. Treat it as us buying the photo from you.” 
###Chapter 1283
Chapter 1283
In the end, the woman accepted the money under Roxanne’s reassurance. She also deleted Lucian’s WhatsApp in front of Roxanne.
Lucian raised his eyebrows but kept quiet.
It was not until they got on the roller coaster that Roxanne realized the woman was afraid Roxanne would mind it if she did not delete Lucian’s WhatsApp.
Just as she was lost in her thoughts, the staff had helped them with their seatbelts and done a double check.
The roller coaster then started to move.
“Good luck, Mommy!”
“Good luck, Ms. Jarvis!”
The three children’s shouts of good luck could be heard outside the fence.
Roxanne turned to smile at the children as she slowly relaxed.
As the roller coaster gained speed, it went higher up the slope. It was only then that Roxanne started to feel scared. They were also seated in the first row.
The people behind them were shouting their lungs out. Roxanne felt her throat tighten in fear, and her breath caught in her throat.
Just as she felt she was about to suffocate, Lucian reached over and gripped her hand tightly. Roxanne slowly relaxed as soon as she felt his presence and breathed in and out at a steady pace. She instinctively turned to look at the person beside her.
People behind them screamed, and some were even cursing, yet Lucian remained calm and expressionless. If it weren't for the rise and fall of his chest, Roxanne would have thought the person beside her was not real.
Roxanne could not help but laugh after seeing his calm demeanor. She felt herself relax and started to scream alongside the people behind her at the thrill of the ride.
Lucian loosened his grip on her hand. A smile slowly made its way onto his lips as he heard her scream without holding back.
As the roller coaster came to a stop, Roxanne felt breathless from all the screaming. When she stood up, her vision turned black momentarily, and she almost fell forward.
Luckily, Lucian was able to reach out and grab her in time before she made a fool out of herself.
He held onto her as they walked out of the fenced area and made their way toward the three children waiting at the ride’s exit. The kids hurried over when they saw Lucian and Roxanne come out.
Noticing Roxanne’s condition, they were worried. “Mommy, are you okay?”
Roxanne slowly caught her breath and smiled before nodding. “I’m fine.”
She then turned to look at the expressionless person beside her and could not help but chuckle. “I want to go on it a few more times!”
The children did not know what Roxanne was laughing about and assumed that the roller coaster was very enjoyable. Benny balled his hands into fists. “When | grow up, I'll go on the roller coaster many times!” Archie held onto Benny’s hand and said, “I'll go with you!”
Estella joined in on the fun. “I want to go too!”
Archie and Benny replied in unison, “Sure, but you have to sit at the back!”
The children could not stop chattering among themselves. A smile appeared on Roxanne’s lips at how innocent they were. Lucian glanced at the three children before shifting his gaze to Roxanne.
Although Roxanne had said she was fine, her physiological reactions betrayed her as she still looked pale and uncomfortable. “I'll go get us something to drink. Don’t go anywhere,” Lucian said in a deep voice.
The children nodded obediently at him in response.
Roxanne also subconsciously nodded.
It was not until Lucian had left that she realized he was treating her like a kid.
She could not help but laugh at the realization.
Although the children did not understand why Roxanne was smiling, they followed suit and grinned.
They smiled and laughed together as they talked about the roller coaster. 
###Chapter 1284
Chapter 1284
Lucian returned from buying some water to see the children laughing and surrounding a smiling Roxanne. Lucian’s expression softened at the scene. The children happily waved their hands to beckon Lucian over when they saw him return.
Lucian hurried toward them and handed the drinks he had just bought to each of them as he listened to Roxanne and the children talk.
“Were you scared just now?” Roxanne suddenly turned to look at him and asked.
The children’s gazes also fell onto him.
Lucian shrugged and raised his eyebrows. “I went parachuting before. That was scarier than the roller coaster.” Surprise flashed across Roxanne’s eyes upon hearing that.
With Lucian’s personality, | thought he would never do something thrilling like that.
Archie’s and Benny’s eyes lit up in excitement as they enthusiastically grabbed onto the hem of Lucian’s shirt. “Mr. Farwell, bring us along the next time you go!”
Lucian lowered his gaze and smiled at Archie and Benny. He agreed without any hesitation, “All right. I'll take you when you're of suitable age.”
Upon hearing that, the two boys cheered.
Roxanne felt emotional as she watched Archie and Benny interact with Lucian. Indeed, the kids need their father.
She had always known Archie and Benny were bold and liked to try different activities.
However, the two had always taken her feelings into account and were afraid that she might be scared, so they had never voiced these kinds of requests.
Yet they were able to let themselves loose in front of Lucian.
Perhaps they will grow up happier with Lucian around.
Just as she felt her emotions overwhelm her, a small hand tugged on the hem of her blouse. Roxanne snapped back to her senses and looked down.
Estella was looking up and staring unblinkingly at Roxanne with her big round eyes.
“Essie, what's wrong?” Roxanne asked as she bent down.
Estella wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s neck endearingly and softly whispered in her ear, “Ms. Jarvis, can | call you Mommy?”
Her voice was soft and timid because her request had been rejected before.
Upon hearing the question, Roxanne instinctively turned to look at Lucian, who was talking with Archie and Benny.
The three of them did not seem to notice what was happening.
Estella hurried to explain when she saw Roxanne was silent. “I just think that we look like a family! Besides, Ms. Jarvis, didn’t you already agree to let Daddy pursue you? We'll definitely be a family in the future!”
Hope and anticipation was written all over her face.
Roxanne was touched by Estella’s words.
She had indeed accepted Lucian’s pursuit.
However, she could not be too sure about the future.
If | agree to Essie’s request, | don’t know how I'll face her if | disappoint her in the future.
Roxanne was hesitant as she pondered over it.
“Ms. Jarvis...” Estella thought she was going to be rejected again. Her eyes grew red, and it looked like she was about to cry.
Roxanne could not bear to reject the young girl when she heard the latter's broken voice. Hence, she tried to persuade Estella to call her a different name. “Your daddy and I...”
She wanted to say they were not married yet but realized that it was easy to cause misunderstandings if she did say that. Hesitating for a moment, she decided to skip the explanation. “If you really want to call me a different name, how about you call me Aunt Roxanne?”
Estella pouted. She did not seem too willing to call Roxanne that.
However, when she realized this was Roxanne’s compromise, she could only nod and say, “Okay.” 
###Chapter 1285
Chapter 1285
Lucian, Roxanne, and the three children had fun at the amusement park for the rest of the day.
For dinner, Lucian brought them to a nearby high-end restaurant.
“| want to sit with Aunt Roxanne!”
When they were about to be seated, Estella held onto Roxanne’s blouse tightly while wearing a prideful expression.
Upon hearing how Estella addressed Roxanne, Lucian, Archie, and Benny were taken aback and instinctively glanced at Roxanne.
Roxanne was hesitant to meet Lucian’s gaze as she said, “Essie wanted to call me that, so | agreed to it. If you don’t like it, then
Before she could finish her sentence, Lucian cut in with raised eyebrows, “Personally, | feel there’s a much closer term of address, but if that’s what you want, let her address you that way for now.”
Lucian then ushered Archie and Benny to their seats. Since Estella wanted to sit with Roxanne, Archie and Benny expressed through their actions that they wanted to sit with Lucian. In the end, Roxanne and Lucian sat opposite each other, with the children by their sides.
The three children were happy with the arrangement. Lucian glanced up and felt satisfied when he noticed that he could look at Roxanne with this seating.
Lucian had called ahead to order their meal, which consisted of the restaurant’s signature dishes.
In a thoughtful gesture, he even ordered ice cream for the children.
The design of the ice cream was unique. The waiter did a little magic, and the ice cream turned different in a blink of an eye. The children clapped their hands in surprise and excitement.
It was a habit for Roxanne to put the children’s plates in front of her and cut their steaks into bite-sized pieces.
Unexpectedly, when she looked up, she saw Lucian was already doing that job for her.
Lucian’s head was bowed as he cut the steaks. There was no sign of impatience written on his face.
As though sensing her looking at him, he met her gaze. “Do you need me to help you too?”
With that, he shifted his gaze to the untouched steak on her plate.
Roxanne was stunned momentarily. She then shook her head in embarrassment and said, “I can do it myself.”
Without saying anything further, Lucian returned to cutting the steaks before placing them back onto the children’s plates. Dinner was a heartwarming affair.
In a corner they did not pay attention to, Sonya stared intently at the five of them harmoniously interacting with one another, and her expression darkened.
Even if she had known earlier that Lucian and Roxanne would get back together, she did not expect their relationship to have progressed that far.
Any stranger would think that the five of them were a family.
Sonya huffed in anger when she saw Lucian personally cut steak for the two bastards.
| raised him until he became an adult, yet he’s never cut steak for me! How dare he go and serve someone else’s sons? Just what in the world is he thinking? That Roxanne doesn't look like a good person and already has two bastards, so why is my son dead set on being with her?
As Sonya watched the five of them get ready to leave after finishing dinner, she frowned and looked away, trying hard to suppress her anger.
Although her seat was close to the door, no one paid much attention to her table since it was hidden by many houseplants. It was so hidden that Roxanne and the others did not notice her even though they passed by her to get to the door. “Thank you, Aunt Roxanne!” Estella thanked Roxanne after the latter gave her candy when they were at the door.
Behind the houseplants, Sonya almost rushed out impulsively when she heard how Estella addressed Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1286
Chapter 1286
They got in the car after walking out of the restaurant. Lucian sat idly in the car for some time without starting the engine. Roxanne gave him a puzzled look.
The moment she raised her head to look at him, she made eye contact with him.
Roxanne was momentarily stunned. For some strange reason, she felt slightly nervous.
After a moment, disappointment showed on Lucian’s face. “If only it’s pouring rain right now.”
His words took Roxanne by surprise.
The children looked at Lucian curiously. “But we won't be able to go home if there’s a rainstorm!”
Lucian smiled in response. He didn’t say anything else and started the car.
The kids were still perplexed because their father didn’t give them a response.
Roxanne, on the other hand, immediately understood Lucian’s intentions after the children mentioned this.
In other words, he was telling her that he didn’t want to go home that night.
Her face flushed crimson, and she didn’t dare to look at him. “It’s getting late. Let’s go back now. The kids must be tired.”
The children blinked in confusion upon hearing Roxanne’s words. They could feel that the adults were insinuating something they couldn’t understand. Nevertheless, they didn’t say anything.
On the way home, Roxanne couldn't fathom if Lucian was deliberately driving slowly in an effort to put the kids to sleep. Roxanne lowered her head and stared into space blankly as she was also slightly tired.
By the time she snapped back to reality, they had arrived at her house.
Roxanne turned back to wake Archie and Benny so that they could get out of the car.
“Aunt Roxanne.”
Estella would be going home with Lucian now, so she was slightly reluctant to part with Roxanne.
Roxanne gave her head a reassuring pat and uttered, “You have stayed here for a long period. It’s time to go home.” Estella was still a little unwilling.
At the thought of something, Roxanne looked at Lucian hesitantly.
Before she could say anything, Lucian’s voice rang out. “I have let Cayden handle the transfer procedures for Essie. She will return to her previous kindergarten from next week onward.”
Everyone's eyes lit up when they heard his words. Archie and Benny hugged Estella excitedly. “That’s amazing! We can go to the kindergarten together again!” Asmile spread across Estella’s face too.
Roxanne felt as if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders. She smiled at Estella and said, “You can meet Archie and Benny in the kindergarten from now on. If you want to, you can come here occasionally and live with me for a few days.”
The delight of transferring kindergartens replaced Estella’s reluctance of leaving Roxanne. She nodded her head obediently after hearing Roxanne’s words. “Then, you have to go fetch Archie and Benny from the kindergarten, Aunt Roxanne!”
Roxanne assented with a laugh.
Lucian started the car engine.
“Bye, Mr. Farwell.” The two boys waved at him.
Lucian nodded and turned to look at Roxanne, waiting for her to say something.
Roxanne still felt shy because of what he had said earlier.
Meeting his eyes and with a blush, she mumbled, “Goodbye.”
Lucian lifted his brow. He was obviously displeased.
Roxanne frowned in embarrassment and hesitated for a moment before saying, “See you on Monday.” If she wasn’t mistaken, they would have to meet as they would be picking up their kids on Monday. Lucian smiled in satisfaction. “See you on Monday.”
With that, he hit the gas and drove toward the Farwell residence.
Only after Lucian had driven far away did Roxanne turn around and return to the mansion with Archie and Benny. 
###Chapter 1287
Chapter 1287
Roxanne wanted to send them upstairs to rest when the doorbell suddenly rang.
Archie and Benny thought it was Lucian returning with Estella. They ran to open the door excitedly despite Roxanne stopping them.
When they saw the person standing before them at the door, they were taken aback. “Where's Roxanne?” Sonya glanced at the children in disdain.
Archie and Benny were disappointed when they were suddenly met with their grandmother's overt dislike after just having a great time with Lucian. The smile on their faces gradually faded, replaced by a wary expression.
Sonya didn’t expect them to reply. She turned to look at the living room after asking the question and immediately saw Roxanne, who was walking over.
As soon as Roxanne heard Sonya’s voice inside the house, she hurried outside out of concern for her children. “Mrs. Farwell, it’s late. Is something the matter?”
She proceeded to shield the kids behind her back calmly before meeting Sonya’s eyes coolly.
Sonya sized her up. “Let's go in and talk.”
Acrease appeared between Roxanne’s brows. After a moment of hesitation, she stood aside for Sonya to come in. It's just Sonya by herself. She will, at most, utter a few unpleasant words.
If she were to be with Lucian, she would have to face Sonya sooner or later.
When the kids saw that Roxanne had let Sonya in, they felt slightly nervous and worried that Sonya would bully her, just like Aubree and Frieda had.
Roxanne watched Sonya sit on the couch and squatted down to look at Archie and Benny. “You guys head on upstairs and get some rest. | have some words to say to her.”
Archie grabbed his mother’s hand with concern. “We want to accompany you!” Benny nodded fervently.
Roxanne felt warmth in her heart when she saw how worried the kids were. She gave them reassuring pats on their heads. “Don't worry. We're only talking. Nothing will happen. You guys have played the entire day and must be tired. Go upstairs and wash up.”
The two boys were still slightly reluctant. Feeling helpless, Roxanne turned to glance at Sonya.
Seeing that Sonya was not looking at them, she promised the kids, “Even if we fight, she’s no match for me. You guys know that.”
The boys recalled Roxanne defending herself against two people and finally nodded.
Before they headed upstairs, the kids greeted Sonya politely, “Good night, Mrs. Farwell.”
Sonya snorted and pretended as if she didn’t hear or see them.
The kids felt disappointed but didn’t say anything. They turned around and headed upstairs.
Roxanne walked into the living room after that. She brewed Sonya and herself a cup of coffee and sat on the couch beside her. “It's just the two of us now. You don’t have to pretend anymore. I’m not falling for it!”
Sonya glanced at the cup of coffee Roxanne had placed in front of her. She had no intention of hiding her disdain for Roxanne.
Roxanne replied calmly, “It's basic courtesy. Even if it's Ms. Pearson here, I'll do the same. If you don’t like it, you don’t have to drink it.”
Sonya trembled with rage upon seeing Roxanne’s nonchalant demeanor. She pushed the cup of coffee away and looked at Roxanne coldly. “Tell me, what does it take for you to stay away from my son? Is it money that you’re after? No matter the request, I'll satisfy you if | can do it.” 
###Chapter 1288
Chapter 1288
Roxanne felt a strange sense of familiarity upon hearing Sonya’s words.
She found Sonya’s actions hilarious when she suddenly thought about how similar the latter’s words sounded to those TV dramas and novels.
Unaware of it, Sonya continued, “Six years ago, you were the one who decided to leave Lucian. No one forced you to do so. Do you think the Farwell residence is somewhere you can come and go as you please?”
Roxanne tried to suppress her emotions and thoughts when Sonya brought up what had happened six years ago. “You've got the wrong idea. It’s not something | can decide on my own, whether it was my leaving six years ago or how far | have progressed with Lucian now.”
Sonya didn’t expect Roxanne’s retort, and she grew displeased.
Roxanne continued to state matter-of-factly, “Even though you guys were aware of Lucian’s feelings for Aubree six years ago, you forced me to stand in the way of their relationship because your family needed a joyous event to bring Lucian’s grandfather good luck. | had no choice but to leave after suffering from Lucian’s cold treatment for three years.”
She was admitting that the reason for her leaving six years ago was because of the Farwell family. This was what Roxanne had always believed in. Except for the infant girl who passed away, she didn’t feel sorry for anyone for leaving six years ago.
“| was crestfallen when | left six years ago. | only came back for work. It wasn’t my intention to progress so far with my relationship with Lucian.” Roxanne stared at Sonya. “If you can’t accept me, you should tell Lucian. | have no say in this.”
Sonya was angered by her words.
“Lucian was with Aubree for six years. You ruined their relationship, yet you don’t feel an ounce of guilt. Instead, you’re blaming the Farwell family? If you didn’t wish for this to happen, why did you come back? Why must you come back to Horington to work? Can’t you find a job anywhere else?”
She was being unreasonable. Roxanne frowned, but she remained calm as she retorted, “This is not up to me either. You can go and ask my professor.”
Sonya widened her eyes in anger. “I don’t care what you're trying to achieve here! You listen very carefully. As long as I’m alive, I'll never let you become a part of the Farwell family! Also, Lucian is my son! | know him best. You didn’t even get him to fall in love with you for three years. Why do you think he will like you after six years? Besides, you have two illegitimate children!”
No matter what Sonya said, Roxanne remained calm and indifferent, as if she wasn’t taking Sonya’s words seriously.
However, she wouldn't allow Sonya to talk about Archie and Benny like that. Her expression darkened instantly.
“Mrs. Farwell, please consider your age. What's the point of dragging two children around when you're settling adult matters between us adults? You keep saying that you’re thinking of the reputation of the Farwell family, but don’t you think you have disgraced the family by saying that about two innocent children?”
Sonya noticed Roxanne’s change in expression and felt pleased.
She continued to provoke her, “Did | say anything wrong? How old are the two children? | think they’re about five to six years old. You gave birth to them for another man after leaving the Farwell family for less than a year. You said you love Lucian! | think you only love his wealth! Now that you’re back in the country, you behave as if Lucian did you wrong. Do you think you can trick me?” 
###Chapter 1289
Chapter 1289
Sonya thought she had successfully provoked Roxanne. Little did she know that the more she talked, the more ridiculous Roxanne found her.
Sonya is able to overthink so much after | faked Archie's and Benny’s ages. If she finds out who Archie and Benny are and recalls what she said today, | wonder how she will react.
Roxanne remained expressionless. “If you think so, then that’s exactly it.”
Sonya was downright infuriated by her nonchalant response. “If that’s the case, leave Lucian and Essie alone! | know of your tactics to get close to Lucian!”
Roxanne gave her a confused look. | don’t even know my tactics.
Sonya bellowed, “You’re making use of the fact that Essie likes you! Do you think you can become Essie’s mother through this? Don’t even think about it. It will never be you! You’re only lucky you have two children similar to Essie’s age. Once Aubree gives birth in the future, Essie will like her too!”
Sonya thought it was ironic when she heard what Estella called Roxanne at the restaurant. It also reminded her that Roxanne didn’t know that Estella was her own daughter.
If Roxanne were to find out, she wouldn't have let Estella call her Aunt Roxanne.
Sonya planned to use this to drive Roxanne away from her son.
“The family will do whatever it takes to find Essie’s mother. She will be the next Mrs. Farwell. It will never be you!”
Sonya sounded determined.
Roxanne furrowed her brows in surprise.
No matter what it takes? Does that mean that the Farwell family doesn’t know who Essie’s mother is? Does Lucian know?
Sonya was furious upon seeing Roxanne lost in thought. She suppressed her anger and enunciated, “While I’m still speaking to you nicely, you'd better be sensible. Take what you want and leave Horington. Otherwise, don’t blame me for not considering that you were once my daughter-in-law!”
Roxanne snapped back to reality, and her lips curled into a wry smile. “Since when have you ever cared about that?” Sonya had never treated her as her daughter-in-law.
It sounded like a joke to Roxanne.
Sonya stiffened, not knowing how to reply to this.
Roxanne took a sip of her coffee. She didn’t even cast Sonya a glance as she uttered, “Also, you can’t give me what | want. | will pretend as if we didn’t have this conversation today. It’s getting late. You should head back.”
After a long moment, Sonya finally said stiffly, “You should know what's good for you!”
Roxanne opened the door for her calmly. “I won’t be seeing you off.”
It was so obvious she was chasing Sonya out of the house. It would be awkward if Sonya continued to stay.
After a moment of consideration, Sonya walked out of the mansion with a grim expression.
Roxanne immediately closed the door behind her.
She had wanted to have a proper discussion with Sonya, but she didn’t realize that the latter would be this hostile toward her. She had had no choice but to face her head on.
In fact, Sonya’s statement that she was looking for Estella’s mother left her with a deep impression.
She did not expect that the Farwell family still didn’t know who Estella’s mother was.
If the woman is unwilling to reveal herself, does that mean | can truly take care of Essie in her stead? 
###Chapter 1290
Chapter 1290
Archie and Benny got up really early on Monday morning.
They had already prepared warm milk and sandwiches by the time Roxanne made her way down the stairs. She chuckled in amusement when she saw how excited they were.
“Hurry up and eat your breakfast, Mommy! You need to send US to the kindergarten soon!” Benny said while handing her the glass of warm milk.
Roxanne nodded with a smile and joined them for breakfast before getting into the car with them.
Archie and Benny had been somewhat depressed since Estella transferred to another kindergarten.
Now that Estella had returned, Archie and Benny were excited about attending classes again.
Upon arriving at the kindergarten, Roxanne saw Estella standing next to Lucian while he spoke to Pippa and Jeffrey.
“Mr. Farwell! Essie!” Archie and Benny shouted excitedly from the car window.
Roxanne couldn't help but smile as she brought them out of the car.
The boys hurried up to Estella and gave her a big hug from both sides.
“Welcome back, Essie!”
Estella had been a little nervous when she saw Pippa earlier, but the sight of Archie and Benny brought a huge smile to her face.
After saying hi to Estella, Archie and Benny turned around to greet Pippa and Lucian, “Good morning Ms. Ward! Good morning, Mr. Farwell!”
It had been a long time since Pippa had seen them smiling so happily.
Jeffrey, on the other hand, didn't pay the boys much attention. He had read Roxanne'’s files and knew that she was just a doctor. He couldn't be bothered to try to butter her up.
Lucian patted them on the heads in response. He was about to ask them where Roxanne was when he looked up and saw her standing in front of him.
“Good morning, Ms. Jarvis!” Pippa greeted her warmly.
Roxanne nodded and responded with a smile, “Ms. Ward, Mr. Bauer, good morning.”
She then lowered her head and shifted her gaze to Estella.
Ever since Roxanne and Lucian fell apart, she had insisted on driving the boys to and from school herself in hopes of meeting Estella at the front gate, but she had never got a chance to see her.
As such, she was delighted to finally see Estella after so long.
“Aunt Roxanne!” Estella called out to Roxanne in front of Pippa and Jeffrey, causing the two to freeze in shock.
A few seconds later, Pippa regained her composure and glanced at Lucian. After making sure that he wasn't displeased with Estella's form of address, she flashed Roxanne a smile and said, “You and Essie sure are close!”
Noticing the innocent look in Estella's eyes, Roxanne figured it wasn't something worth hiding and gave her a pat on the head. “You need to be a good girl and listen to Ms. Ward, okay? Feel free to talk to Archie and Benny if you need anything.”
Estella nodded obediently in response. “We'll make sure to take good care of Essie! We won't let anyone bully her!” Archie and Benny said in unison.
Even though Roxanne didn't tell them anything, the boys knew that Estella must've been bullied in that new kindergarten. Frustrated that they couldn't get back at the bullies, they decided to do everything in their power to protect her instead.
Having realized how important Roxanne was, Jeffrey was quick to reassure her, “Don't worry, Ms. Jarvis! The environment here at our kindergarten is very good, so you may rest assured that no one will bully her!” 
###Chapter 1291
Chapter 1291
Naturally, Roxanne noticed the sudden change in his attitude and knew the reason behind it. “I'm glad to hearthat,” she replied coldly.
Jeffrey's eyelids twitched slightly when he heard her cold response, but he forced himself to maintain a smile on his face. “The kids miss Essie a lot, so no one is going to bully her.” Pippa quickly stepped in to defuse the tension.
Roxanne flashed her a polite smile in response. “I'll be placing Essie in your care, Ms. Ward.”
Since it was time for class to start, Pippa got ready to bring the kids inside.
Right then, Lucian recalled something and called out to her, "By the way, do not let Aubree pick Essie up from school if she shows up. In the event that | am unable to pick Essie up myself, Ms. Jarvis here will do it for me.”
He then shot Roxanne a meaningful look after saying that. Of course, Pippa understood what he was implying. She glanced at Roxanne in surprise.
| knew there was something off about the relationship between them, but | didn't think Ms. Jarvis would take Ms. Pearson's place in Mr. Farwell's heart!
Having come to a sudden realization, Pippa began to view Roxanne in a different light. Roxanne did not expect Lucian to say something like that out of the blue, so she didn’t know how to respond at all.
She was still trying to find the words when Estella tugged at the hem of her shirt and asked excitedly, “Is that true, Aunt Roxanne? Will you come to pick me up from now on?”
Everyone shifted their gaze to Roxanne upon hearing that.
Roxanne simply couldn't bring herself to say no when she saw the expectant look in Estella's eyes. “Yeah, that's right. If your daddy can’t come to pick you up, then you can play with Archie and Benny instead!” she said with a nod.
All three of the kids cheered happily when they heard that.
“Similarly, if Ms. Jarvis can't make it, | will pick them up for her,” Lucian chimed in.
The kids cheered even louder in response.
Unable to turn his offer down, Roxanne could only nod in silence.
Pippa looked at Lucian, then at Roxanne before nodding in acknowledgment. “Understood. | will be sure to keep that in mind.”
Suddenly, Jeffrey thought of something and asked cautiously, “W- What if someone from your family comes over instead? Mrs. Farwell or Mr. Elias, for example.”
Roxanne couldn't help but recall the argument between them the other day. Although she had stood firm in her stance, that encounter still affected her somewhat.
Since Jeffrey had asked Lucian about Sonya, Roxanne got curious as to what Lucian's answer would be.
“Give me a call if they come to pick her up. Do not let Essie go with them without my permission,” Lucian replied with a frown. Jeffrey nodded profusely. “U-Understood, Mr. Farwell!” For some inexplicable reason, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief after hearing his answer.
While | am glad to hear that Lucian is opposing his mother because she dislikes me, | can't help but feel that I'm being a little selfish here...
“Class is starting. I'll be bringing the kids into the classroom now.”
Pippa waved goodbye to them and brought the three kids into the classroom.
Jeffrey, too, excused himself and returned to his office.
By the time Roxanne came back to her senses, Lucian was the only one standing next to her at the kindergarten front gate. “Why did you tell Ms. Ward and Mr. Bauer that just now?” she asked helplessly while trying her best to remain calm.
If Ms. Ward and Mr. Bauer know about us, then practically everyone in the kindergarten will! We aren't exactly a couple yet, so | don't want to attract too much attention! 
###Chapter 1292
Chapter 1292
“Did | say anything wrong? I'm more than happy to help pick Archie and Benny up and look after them if you can't make it. Do you not want my help?” Lucian replied in the most matter-of-fact tone possible.
He then eyed Roxanne from head to toe as he continued, “If you don't want me to do that, | can have Cayden—” Roxanne knew just how persistent he could get, so she quickly cut him off, “All right, I'll pick Essie up if you're too busy.” Satisfied with her answer, Lucian nodded slowly in response.
Looking at the time on her watch, Roxanne said, “Anyway, | need to get to work now. See you later in the evening.”
She was worried about the research institute, as it had been without a leader for two days straight.
Roxanne was about to leave when Lucian called out to her with a displeased frown, “That's it? Are you just going to leave like that?”
She paused in her tracks and let out a helpless sigh in response.
Lucian seemed to have changed completely ever since | agreed to let him court me... For some reason, | just can't bring myself to say no to him...
Roxanne turned around and asked, “What else do you want me to do?”
Before she even realized what was going on, Lucian had walked up to her and given her a quick peck on the lips. “That's more like it.” Lucian gently rubbed her lips as he continued with a mysterious look in his eyes, “Go on, then.” It took Roxanne a good few seconds to come back to her senses.
Her face burned bright red when she realized he had kissed her in front of a kindergarten.
"You...”
She was about to warn him not to kiss her in public again, but she held her tongue as she didn't want him to think there would be a next time.
“What is it?” Lucian asked in confusion. “Please mind your behavior!” Roxanne snapped at him and stormed off.
Although there weren't a lot of people around when Lucian kissed her, Roxanne refused to stick around in case someone had seen it.
Lucian followed behind her as the two made their way toward their respective cars.
Roxanne started her car and was about to drive to the research institute, but the engine failed a few seconds after she started it up.
With a frown on her face, she tried starting it a few more times, but to no avail.
She gave up on driving and decided to hail a cab instead.
As Lucian had yet to leave, he saw her get out of the car and quickly followed suit.
“What's wrong? | thought you were going to the research institute?”
“My car broke down. It has been breaking down often ever since it crashed into a tree the other day. I'll take a cab there. You can head on over to your office,” Roxanne replied in frustration.
She was about to walk past Lucian and hail a passing cab from the street when Lucian said, “Let me take a look at your car. It might be something that | can easily fix.”
Feeling a little relieved, Roxanne turned around and walked back to her car with Lucian.
Unfortunately, Lucian could not find anything wrong with her car even after inspecting it thoroughly. “I think you need to have a mechanic repair it for you.” “All right. I'll take a cab there myself. Thanks for trying to help.” 
###Chapter 1293
Chapter 1293
“Why would you choose a difficult option when a much easier one is right in front of you?” Lucian asked.
Roxanne paused in her tracks and stared at him in confusion.
“I'm in no rush. How about | give you a ride instead?” Lucian continued with an eyebrow arched while getting out of her car. Roxanne was a little hesitant when she heard that.
It would be difficult to get a cab at this hour, so Lucian sending me to work would make things a lot easier. But I'm not used to being so close to him just yet, nor am | able to shamelessly accept his help...
As though he had read her mind, Lucian added, “I don't mind charging you a fare if you're that particular about troubling me.” Roxanne tensed up, as she knew Lucian meant something else when he said that.
Sure enough, Lucian continued by saying, “I just need you to go somewhere with me.”
“Where to?” Roxanne asked instinctively.
Instead of answering her question, Lucian simply opened the door to the passenger seat and motioned for her to get in.
As the two of them had been standing around for quite some time, they were starting to attract the attention of the people nearby. Since it was getting late, Roxanne got into the car after a brief moment of hesitation.
Lucian then made his way to the driver's seat and slowly drove out of there. Cayden let out a huge sigh as he watched Lucian's car disappear into the distance.
Ugh... It sure isn't easy being Mr. Farwell's assistant! Not only did | have to suppress my guilt and sabotage Ms. Jarvis'car in public, but now, | also have to clean up the mess myself and get her car towed to a repair shop...
After making a phone call, Cayden pressed his palms together and prayed that Roxanne wouldn't hold him accountable if she found out about it in the future.
I'm just carrying out the orders given by Mr. Farwell, so she should go after him instead!
Meanwhile, a huge commotion broke out in the classroom when Pippa brought the three kids inside.
“Essie!”
“It really is her!”
All the other kids squealed in excitement as they rushed forward and surrounded the three.
One of them had mentioned earlier that he had seen Estella at the front gate, but they didn't believe him at the time. It wasn't until they saw Estella enter the classroom that they finally believed it.
They didn't really like Estella before, as she refused to speak to them, which led them to believe she didn't like them.
As Estella gradually opened up with the help of Archie and Benny, however, the kids slowly warmed up to her. Eventually, they liked her so much that they actually missed her while she was gone.
Having been treated coldly while attending classes at the other kindergarten, Estella wasn't used to receiving such a warm welcome all of a sudden.
She decided to turn toward Archie and Benny for help, only to realize they had blended into the crowd.
As the kids all took turns giving Estella hugs, one of the boys got so excited that he kissed heron the cheek. Archie and Benny leaped to their feet and yelled angrily, “Hey! Boys aren't allowed to kiss her! Hugs only!” Estella was still stunned by the sudden kiss, but she instinctively nodded when she heard them defending her. The boy then walked up to her and apologized, “I'm sorry. | didn't mean to kiss you. | just—”
After Estella snapped out of her dazed state, her lips curled into a smile when she saw the sincere looks on their faces. “It's okay! I've missed you guys too!”
At that, the kids smothered her with hugs again. 
###Chapter 1294
Chapter 1294
Pippa chuckled and shook her head when she saw how excited the kids were.
They are rarely this happy, so why not let them have some fun?
She flashed a smile and watched them from the side, lest they get into any accidents.
Another teaching assistant from the same class approached her and whispered, “Ms. Ward, how is Mr. Farwell related to Archie and Benny's mother?”
Pippa froze in surprise. She recalled Lucian’s words earlier and how Estella had addressed Roxanne this morning.
It was evident that there was more to their relationship than either of them was letting on although they had not been explicit about it.
In the event that a member of the Farwell family wished to pickup Estella, Lucian would need to be notified by phone, whereas Roxanne could collect her without prior authorization.
It could be said that Roxanne was much more important to Lucian than his family.
However, she wasn't sure if they were ready to go public with their relationship.
Pippa gave the teaching assistant a half-smile instead of answering her question.
The teaching assistant continued, “I saw Mr. Farwell and Ms. Jarvis doing that through the window earlier!” Pippa shot her a baffled look.
The teaching assistant made a kissing gesture with her hands.
Her gesture elicited a surprised look in Pippa’s eyes.
Pippa knew they were dating, but it was still shocking to learn that they had kissed at the kindergarten entrance. “What about Mr. Farwell and Ms. Pearson's engagement?” the teaching assistant asked curiously.
Fearing that she might dwell on the matter, Pippa promptly clarified, “| suppose they broke up.”
She wasn't sure about it, but Lucian had most probably broken up with Aubree judging from how he treated her.
“| previously thought Mr. Farwell and Ms. Pearson didn't seem like a real couple. Ms. Pearson was so rude to US, remember? She doesn't deserve to be with Mr. Farwell.” The teaching assistant was pretty upset with Aubree. After learning that Lucian and Aubree were no longer together, she promptly vented her frustrations. “I don't think Essie likes Aubree, too. Did she do something to Essie behind Mr. Farwell's back?”
They both turned to look at Estella.
Along while later, the teaching assistant piped up, “Actually, Essie resembles Ms. Jarvis, doesn't she? She adores Ms. Jarvis. If | didn't know the truth, I'd have assumed she's Ms. Jarvis’ daughter.”
Pippa observed Estella fora while and nodded in agreement.
However, Estella was Lucian's daughter, and Roxanne had her own children. Naturally, they weren't related to each other by blood.
Pippa sighed softly. “I wish that's true. That way, Essie wouldn't have refused to talk for years.” When Estella started attending kindergarten, Pippa had concerns about her well-being. Fortunately, Roxanne appeared in the little girl's life.
The teaching assistant agreed, “Yes. Perhaps fate brought Ms. Jarvis to Essie so she could be her savior. Look how happy Essie is now.”
Their hearts melted at the adorable sight of Estella playing with her friends. 
###Chapter 1295
Chapter 1295
Chapter 1295 Meanwhile, in Lucian’s car, Roxanne couldn't help but glance at him through the rearview mirror.
Six years ago, she wouldn't miss the chance to spend time with Lucian. She would always stare at his face intently, hoping he could spare a glance at her. Alas, it had never happened.
Now, she finally got the chance to stare at him whenever she wanted.
All the while, she had thought her feelings for Lucian had faded overtime.
Never in her wildest dreams did she expect to still be deeply and wildly in love with Lucian.
“How was it? Are you satisfied?” Lucian suddenly turned to look at her.
Roxanne stiffened and blurted out, “Not bad.”
Hearing that, Lucian chuckled in amusement.
Roxanne belatedly regained her composure and realized what she had just said. Her cheeks flushed a crimson red immediately. Lucian wasn't about to push her too much.
Sensing her anxiety, he changed the topic. “Thanks to you and the boys, Essie is doing so much better now.”
Roxanne relaxed subconsciously when she heard Estella's name. Her eyes softened as she said, “I didn't do anything. Essie is shy, so we should make an effort to befriend her. | should be grateful that she's willing to open her heart to me.”
There was nothing more moving than being trusted by a young girl. They chatted about Estella's change throughout the journey.
Roxanne's gaze soon drifted to the scenery outside the car window. She was taken aback by the unfamiliarity of her surroundings.
Glancing at her watch, she realized they should've arrived at the research institute from the kindergarten ages ago.
“Are you sure you're going the right way?” she asked quickly, her voice full of concern. “This isn't the route to the research institute.”
Lucian didn't make a U-turn. Instead, he asked calmly, “Didn't you agree to go someplace with me?”
Roxanne was reminded of the fare Lucian had mentioned earlier. Furrowing her brows, she protested, “You didn't say that we're heading there now.”
| was planning on heading back to the research institute.
Knowing what she was thinking, Lucian drawled, “You haven't visited the research institute in a while, but it's still functioning efficiently, right? This shows that the institute can operate smoothly even when you're not present. You needn't feel obligated to return today.”
Roxanne could not refute his words.
Indeed, the research institute had been doing well despite her and Colby's absence.
After accepting a project, the researchers simply had to conduct their research as planned. In normal circumstances, nothing unexpected would occur.
She sighed inwardly and caved in. “Where are we going now?”
“Since you returned to the country, you've been occupied with work and looking after Archie and Benny. You can't be stressed all the time. I'll take you to a place where you can unwind.”
Roxanne instinctively wanted to respond that she didn't feel stressed at all.
However, it was as though Lucian had expected her response, as he added, “I've been pretty busy with work at Farwell Group as well. | also had to investigate Colby's background. It's pretty exhausting, so I'd like to take a break.”
Roxanne swallowed the words on the tip of her tongue. If Lucian was merely concerned about her, she would think it was unnecessary to drive to someplace just to relax.
However, Lucian had used himself as an excuse, hinting to Roxanne that he was too busy investigating something. This left Roxanne feeling guilty, and she felt that it was her responsibility to unwind with him. 
###Chapter 1296
Chapter 1296
Not long after, the car rolled to a stop before a beach.
Roxanne felt her heart relax at the sight of the vast ocean.
It had been some time since she had last come to the beach.
Six years ago, before their separation, she would visit the beach alone to find solace whenever Lucian hurt her feelings. After giving birth to Archie and Benny, Roxanne would relax by spending time playing with them.
Every time she spent time playing with the children, she would eventually feel rejuvenated.
To her surprise, she felt the same way today at the sight of the endless sea before her.
“| recall you used to come to the beach frequently in the past.” Lucian’s voice echoed in her ear as he reminisced about old times. “After you left, I'd also come to the beach whenever | felt tired. It was a great feeling.”
With that, he clasped her hand and led her to the beach.
It was a weekday, so there was no one in sight.
Roxanne hesitated briefly and allowed him to lead her to the beach.
They strolled along the beach while chatting about the events that had occurred over the past six years.
Roxanne shared the details of her life over the past six years with Lucian, excluding information about Archie and Benny. This was the first time she had spoken about it with such composure.
Lucian listened to her story quietly as guilt and anguish flashed across his eyes.
The more Roxanne talked, the more relaxed she felt. Eventually, she took off her shoes and strolled along the shoreline without them.
Seeing that, Lucian couldn’t help but recall how she had gotten hurt previously. “It was dark that night. | didn’t see clearly and got hurt. This time, I'll be careful,” Roxanne said cheerfully. Right after she spoke, she spotted the sharp edge of a blue shell peeking out of the sand.
Roxanne’s face lit up with excitement as she exclaimed, “Oh, how wonderful! The ocean never ceases to amaze me with its surprises!”
She dug the shell out and showed it to Lucian.
Lucian stared at her smile. “It's gorgeous.”
Roxanne was engrossed in admiring the shell and didn’t notice his pointed look. She felt proud to hear him agree with her. Something occurred to Lucian right then, and he lowered his head to search the beach.
Roxanne looked up to see him furrowing his brows as he searched for something as though confronting a formidable enemy. Curiosity swelled within her. “What are you looking for?”
Lucian replied honestly, “Shells. You seem to adore them, so | was thinking of collecting a few shells to make a bracelet for you.
Surprise flashed across Roxanne’s eyes.
They had known each other for some time, but it was the first time Lucian had offered to make something for her. He was a well-respected CEO, yet he thought of making a bracelet for her just like a high school student. Roxanne would be lying if she said she wasn’t shocked to hear that.
“Since you didn’t appreciate the flowers | gave you before, | wonder if my handmade bracelet will be more to your liking,” Lucian quipped.
Roxanne was touched, but in the end, she merely smiled and said, “How childish of you.”
Lucian didn’t feel guilty at all. He accepted her “compliment” and started searching for shells on the beach.
Roxanne hesitated for a while before joining him in his search.
As they combed the beach for shells, they playfully joked with each other like a pair of schoolchildren.
At the sight of a lovely seashell in the distance, Roxanne immediately made her way toward it without any hesitation.
As soon as she crouched down to pick up the shell, the waves suddenly became rough and rushed toward her. 
###Chapter 1297
Chapter 1297
Getting soaked was not what Roxanne had anticipated, but even with her disheveled appearance and her hair hanging limply behind her ears, she still looked remarkably beautiful.
“On!”
Roxanne was caught off guard by the wave, and it took her a few seconds to regain her composure. By the time she did, the shells she had gathered in her palm had been swept away by the water. She couldn’t even locate the shell she had originally spotted and wanted to pick up.
She felt both amused and helpless.
It had been a while since her last visit to the beach, yet she got soaked by the seawater, causing her to lose all the shells she had collected.
Lucian heard Roxanne gasp and recognized that she was close to the sea. He stood up and walked over to her. “Are you okay?”
Roxanne wiped the seawater from her face and shook her head, letting out a remorseful sigh. “I’m okay, but my shells have been washed away.”
Her clothes were drenched and stuck to her body. As she moved, he could see her seductive curves clearly.
Lucian stared at her and felt a rush of blood in his nether regions, as he had been living a celibate lifestyle for six years. However, he was more worried about her. In a low voice, he said, “Let's go back. We can come another day.”
He was afraid she'd catch a cold if they continued to stay there.
Roxanne knew why he was concerned. Despite feeling disappointed, she nodded and walked to the shore.
“Be carefull”
Lucian’s brows furrowed as he hurried over to her in huge strides.
Roxanne heard the waves crashing behind her, prompting her to quicken her pace. Unfortunately, her foot caught on a hidden rock, causing her to slip and fall backward.
The wave rolled over and nearly swallowed Roxanne whole.
Roxanne was taken by surprise when the waves crashed over her and threatened to engulf her. She desperately tried to stay afloat, flailing her arms and legs in a frantic attempt to regain her footing.
When she was about to suffocate, a large pair of arms held her hand and pulled her up from the ocean.
Roxanne spat out a mouthful of salty seawater and panted heavily.
Lucian fixed his gaze intently on her, displaying a look of anxiety that she had never seen on him before.
After the previous incident, he couldn't bear to see her in danger anymore.
Roxanne finally regained her composure and felt remorseful for causing him to worry due to her negligence. “I’m sorry I—” Before she could finish, her lips were sealed.
Lucian’s sudden kiss was so passionate. It was as if he wanted to devour her whole.
He released his grip on her hand, then encircled her waist, drawing her closer.
Roxanne was still in a state of shock. Her body was stiff and her eyes turned as wide as saucers. | might be wrong, but Lucian’s hands seem to be trembling. Sensing her distraction, Lucian frowned and forced her to open her mouth so he could deepen their kiss.
Roxanne finally understood why he had initiated the kiss. Her eyelashes trembled as she closed her eyes and flung her arms around his neck.
They stood among the crashing waves, lost in the passionate kiss, not caring whether someone else would show up suddenly to interrupt their intimate session.
In the distance, a camera appeared briefly among the bushes, taking several snapshots of them before retreating back behind the foliage.
Roxanne felt short of breath and pushed Lucian twice, signaling him to stop.
Lucian reluctantly let go of her, his breath coming in heavy gasps. His eyes turned red as he struggled to keep his desire in check.
“I'm sorry. You must've been worried about me,” Roxanne said softly as she avoided his intrusive gaze awkwardly. 
###Chapter 1298
Chapter 1298
Lucian said nothing and merely stared at her darkly.
Suddenly, he bent down and swooped her up.
Shocked, Roxanne instinctively clung to his neck, afraid she would fall to the ground.
Her actions happened to play in Lucian’s favor.
The violence in his gaze faded a little as he strode to the shore.
Roxanne’s cheeks were flushed as she said, “Put me down.! can walk by myself now.”
She knew she had scared him.
He scooped her up in his arms because he was fearful that something similar would happen once more. Ignoring her protests, Lucian carried her to his car and helped her settle into the passenger seat.
He retrieved his suit jacket from the backseat and draped it over her shoulders before taking his place behind the wheel. Noticing he was still mad at her, Roxanne felt utterly helpless.
“Didn’t we come here to relax? That was just a tiny accident.”
Lucian’s brows were still knitted together.
Deep down, she let out a sigh and said coyly, “You promised to give me a handmade shell bracelet.Don’t forget about it.” Lucian turned over to look at her.
“| won't go back on my word.I’ll come back another day to find the shells.As for you...”
He trailed off and gazed at her darkly for a few moments.
“Go back and get some rest. You don’t want to catch a cold.”
Roxanne was relieved.She pursed her lips and gave him a smile.
Lucian started the engine and drove away.
At the same time, Cory emerged from the bushes and patted the leaves away from his body.He lowered his head to check the photos he had taken earlier.
Cory was pleased to discover he was still a good photographer as the photos turned out nicely.
He transferred the photos to his phone and picked a few to send to Aubree.
Aubree had been in a daze these few days after getting rejected by Lucian.She didn’t even step out of her bedroom.
“Aubree, come out and have something to eat.Perhaps there is still a chance to turn things around.Lucian won't be that cruel,” Gina coaxed outside.She couldn’t bear to see her daughter torturing herself.
Aubree ignored her outright.
Upon discovering that Lucian intended to annul their engagement, Frieda had vanished without a trace, and Aubrec had not heard from her since.
Similarly, Cory had disappeared after Roxanne’s hospital discharge, leaving Aubree clueless as to his whereabouts.
None of them are reliable! Aubree was simmering in anger when her phone lit up.
Furious, she grabbed her phone to see who it was.
It was a text sent by an unknown number.
She clicked into it and saw a few photos of Roxanne and Lucian together that were obviously taken without their knowledge. In the photos, Lucian and Roxanne were sharing a passionate kiss in the sea before Lucian swept her up in his arms and carried her away from the waves.
Aubree grew increasingly disgusted and nearly broke her phone screen with her forceful grip.
“B*tch! You're nothing but a b*tch, Roxanne!”
The public has yet to be informed of the annulment of our engagement.
How dare the b*tch do that in public? | can’t let her get away with this! Gina heard the commotion outside and knocked on the door anxiously.
“Aubree, what happened? Open up!”
Aubree did nothing to assure her mother and angrily typed a reply to the unknown number who sent her the photos: Are you Cory? She couldn’t think of anyone else who could take photos of Lucian covertly and send them to her.
She soon received a reply: Jt looks like you have been leading an uncomfortable life recently, Ms.Pearson. 
###Chapter 1299
Chapter 1299
Aubree gritted her teeth in fury.She quickly typed: How dare you send these photos to me? She had paid him handsomely, yet he had disappeared without a trace when she needed his help the most.
Everything has been set in stone.
| can’t believe he’s shameless enough to come to me now! Cory could imagine her clenching her jaw in fury, but he wasn’t bothered at all.He sent her another text: Of course.
Who else will pay me other than you? Back when Aubree had asked him to help kill Roxanne, Cory knew that she was a mad woman.
As soon as Roxanne was discharged from the hospital, Cory stopped contacting her and used the money she had given him to have fun in Marsingfill.He had planned on earning more money there.
Unfortunately, within a few days, his expectations were dashed, as he ended up losing all his money and accrued a hefty debt. Cory remembered Aubree and decided to come back to scam more money from her.
Cory: Consider these photos my gift to you.Ms.Pearson, if you wish, we can continue our collaboration.
You know how capable | am, right? Acrazed look took over Aubree’s expression.
She replied: Collaboration? Sure! You want money, right? | have yet to change my mind about killing Roxanne that b*tch.
If you agree, | can pay you any amount you want! As she remained stubborn, Cory became impatient and sent her photos of her poisoning the kids previously.
Aubree blanched in shock at the sight of the photos.
She replied hastily: What are these? Didn’t you delete them? She had spent ten million on these photos and watched Cory delete them in front of her eyes.
Cory: Delete? Why would | delete these valuable photos? Do you think ten million can satisfy me? These photos are my cash cow! Aubree trembled in rage and muttered, “B*tch! B*stard! Die, all of you!”
Cory sent another text: | didn’t want to burn my bridges, but since you're stubborn, don’t blame me for doing this.I'll be honest with you.I owe a huge gambling debt.
If you won't help me repay my debt, | guess I’ll have to ask for Mr.or Mrs.Farwell’s help.
He was threatening Aubree and also mocking her for losing her position as the future Mrs.Farwell.
Aubree promptly lost control after reading the text.
She threw her phone away without a second thought.
Her phone crashed into the door with a thud before falling onto the carpet on the ground.
Outside, Gina summoned a servant hastily.
“Go get the keys to unlock this door!”
Inside, the phone tumbled to the ground with the screen facing up.
The screen was still lit as Cory’s texts arrived continuously.
Aubree’s chest heaved in anger.
Awhile later, she picked up her phone and ignored the cracked screen to type a reply: What do you want? Cory: | said, | want money.
If you can offer me a satisfying reward, | can disappear.
Otherwise...
Aubree gripped her phone with such force that she nearly cracked the screen.
What a b*stard! Even if | pay him the money as requested, he will never delete those photos! He will keep these photos and ask me for more money when he is in need of money! Aubree knew she would be inviting trouble if she were to pay him the money as requested.
Having fallen for his trick previously, she refused to repeat her mistake for the second time.It’s time to eliminate Cory! 
###Chapter 1300
Chapter 1300
Cory had no idea what Aubree was thinking about, for his mind was preoccupied with the thoughts of money. He continued sending her messages of threat.
All of a sudden, Aubree messaged: Okay.How much do you want? I'll give you anything.
Cory curled his lips in satisfaction and answered: You should've said that earlier.
We've been working for a while now.
Why did we have to fight for such a long time? Aubree replied impatiently: Cut the nonsense.
How much do you want? Cory mulled over it for a while before messaging: Fifiy million.
I'm sure this ts an amount you can afford, Ms.Pearson.
Cory’s debt was worth twenty million.
As for the remaining thirty million, he intended to use it for another gamble to see if he could rise from the ashes. If that failed, he could still use the photos to get more money from Aubree.Cory felt that his plan was perfect. Meanwhile, Aubree was enraged when she saw the number.
Fifty million? Why not just tell me that he wants the entire Pearson Group instead? Does he really think III be able to get fifty million with just a snap of my jingers? The amount Cory asked made Aubree even more certain about killing him.
She asked: Where are you? I’m going to meet you in person for the exchange.
This time, you have to delete the photos while I’m watching! Cory soon sent her an address and added: Eleven in the morning tomorrow.
I'll be waiting for you to come.
Once he sent the message, he skillfully took out the sim card from his phone and tossed it into the sea before walking away from the coast.
Right then, Gina had finally gotten the keys and unlocked the door to Aubree’s room.
As she rushed in, she asked, “What happened, Aubred? What was that earlier?”
Right as she said that, she noticed the phone with the shattered screen in Aubree’s hand.
Anyone could figure out that Aubree had thrown the phone.
“Did someone say something to you?” Gina asked with concern.
Aubree was livid, so she fumed at Gina as well, “Nothing! I’m very mad right now, so stop talking to me!”
Gina was startled by her attitude, but at the end of the day, Aubree was still her daughter.
After a moment of recomposing herself, Gina continued to voice her concerns.
Aubree pushed her away and strode toward the door.
Since I’m meeting him tomorrow, I'll have to assign capable men on this so that Cory won't be able to escape.
“Aubree, where are you going?”
Gina was worried when she realized Aubree was leaving without having her meal.
Aubree continued her way out of the mansion without sparing her mother another glance.
The next morning, Cory waited for Aubree to come with the money at the abandoned factory they had previously met at. When it was eleven, footsteps echoed in the factory.
Hearing them, Cory stood up and peeked around the corner.
Aubree was standing at the entrance by herself with a bank card in her hand, looking around for him.
“Cory? Where are you? Come out here! | have to see you delete the photos with my own two eyes!”
Right as Cory was about to respond to her, he spotted half of someone’s body at the back of a pillar behind Aubrec, and that person was even holding a gun.
Once he spotted that person, he spotted the rest.
There were over dozens of people, excluding him and Aubree in the factory.
As Aubree walked further into the factory, the people slowly inched closer too.
Cory sneered.
“Ms.Pearson, how dare you pull dirty tricks like these? Have you forgotten what | work as?”
Right as he said that, he ran to the window on the second floor and leaped out of it without hesitation.
In the next moment, various voices reverberated in the factory.
“Over there! Get him!”
Cory started his car with steady hands and sped toward the path he had planned out.
By the time Aubree’s men ran out of the factory and went back to start their cars, Cory was long gone. 
###Chapter 1301
Chapter 1301
Once Cory shook off his tail, he messaged Aubree while driving.
Cory: Our cooperation is over. I'm going to get money from Mr. Farwell now. Good luck, Ms. Pearson.
With that sent, he switched off his phone.
Given how fearful Aubree was of Lucian, Cory had no doubt she was going to call him fervently.
All Cory wanted was money; he would not waste his time playing games with Aubree.
When Aubree received Cory's message, she cursed at her subordinates as she tried to dial Cory's number again and again.
Lucian had already told her that he was going to call off the engagement. If he were to find out what she had done previously, she would be dead meat.
Aubree was gripped with regret. She realized she should have given Cory that fifty million.
Alas, Cory seemed to have figured out that Aubree would regret her decision, as his phone remained switched off the entire time. Her failed attempts stoked the anger in her, and she threw her phone onto the ground. Then, a wave of terror crashed into her. That mad man Cory’'s capable of doing anything for money! He must be on his way to Lucian’s place. What do | do now?
Aubree was at a loss. After a while of being rooted to her spot, she stumbled into her car and asked the driver to send her to the Pearson residence.
She had to discuss the matter with her parents.
The Pearson family would be doomed if Lucian were to find out what she had done.
Sure enough, Cory could do anything for the sake of money.
He drove straight to the Farwell Group office building, but when he arrived and looked up at the skyscraper, he gulped guiltily. As Aubree had said, the three of them were in the same boat.
Choosing to betray Aubree was akin to betraying himself.
However, he had no other choice. He needed the money.
Without money, those lunatics will kill me! No matter what | do, I'm screwed. | con only take the risk.
Cory steeled himself and dialed Lucian's number, something he had taken much effort to find out.
Meanwhile, when Lucian heard his private phone ringing and saw the unfamiliar number on the screen, he frowned before picking up the call.
“Mr. Farwell, I'm Cory Zaythrone. Do you still remember me?” came the voice from the other end of the line. Lucian recognized the voice almost instantaneously.
The private detective had not been someone important back then, so Lucian had only sent one of his ordinary subordinates to tail the private detective.
However, his subordinate ended up losing the detective in days, and Lucian regretted his decision to assign someone normal to him. He was surprised that the private detective had come to him.
Cory chuckled dryly and said, “You have a good memory, Mr. Farwell. I'm sure time is precious for you, so | won't beat around the bush. | want some money, but | won't be asking for a free lunch. | have some leads on the things you've been looking into, and | think you might like to hear me out.”
The look in Lucian's eyes darkened. So this private detective knew something about the kids’ bacterial infection. “Okay. How much do you want?” Lucian asked.
The guilt in Cory's chest grew. “It's up to you after you hear what | have to say, but it'll be best if you can give me more than twenty million.”
Cory was certain that he had to have grown nerves of steel overnight.
Not only did he help Aubree hurt Lucian's children, but he was even asking for money from Lucian now. Lucian was silent for a moment.
When Lucian finally spoke again, Cory found himself shuddering.
“Where are you? Let's talk in person,” Lucian replied, neither agreeing nor disagreeing with it. 
###Chapter 1302
Chapter 1302
Chapter 1302 “I'm right outside of Farwell Group,” Cory quickly said.
Lucian inclined his head and gestured for Cayden to pick Cory up. At the same time, he said to Cayden, “My assistant will be coming for you.”
Cory made a sound of agreement and waited for Lucian to hang up before nervously getting out of his car. In no time, Cayden appeared at the entrance.
Cory walked over to him and followed him into the elevator.
Soon, the elevator came to a halt on the highest floor.
Cayden led him to Lucian's office, knocked on the door, and gestured for Cory to enter by himself.
Cory's legs seemed to have turned into jelly the moment the door opened, and he shakily asked Cayden, “Are you not going to come in with me?”
Cayden gave him a polite smile. “Mr. Farwell wishes to speak to you privately.” With that, a cold look returned to Cayden's face.
Cory hesitated for a long while, and yet, he had no choice but to muster the courage to continue with his plan. He was already there, after all.
He steeled himself and went in. Lucian was sitting at the office desk, working.
When he saw Cory entering, he put down the documents and crossed his arms in front of him. After a curt inclination of his head, he said, “Please take a seat, Mr. Zaythrone.”
The smile Cory had in response was an ugly one as he stiffly sat down in front of Lucian. “You said you have information to sell to me. Do start,” Lucian said, completely expressionless.
Even though there was no hint of anger on Lucian's face, Cory still felt a weight on his chest. “Before that, I'd like to ask for a guarantee from you, Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian furrowed his brows and motioned for him to keep going.
“You know how things go for the people in our line of work. We take the money, and we do the deed. We're working for people, and we do what our client asks US to do, so it's not as if we have many choices sometimes.”
Cory was trying to remove his responsibility from the equation.
Lucian gave him a smile. “Do tell me what it is, and I'll pass judgment on my own.”
Cory was stumped by his answer, but since he was already there in Lucian's office, there was nothing else he could do about it. “Why don't you tell me who your client is first?” Lucian stared at him. “Aubree Pearson?”
Cory broke out in a cold sweat immediately as he looked at Lucian in terror.
If he already knows it's Aubree, what else does he not know about? In that case, what use would my information be?
“Llt's her!” Cory hastily confessed. “She forced me to do this! | really don't know what she's trying to do! She only asked me
where Ms. Jarvis and the kids were. | didn't think much about it when I told her where they were. Who knew she would bring a bottle over and pour its contents into the kids' bottles?”
Lucian's eyes darkened. “Are you talking about when Roxanne brought the kids to camp?”
He recalled what Roxanne had told him previously.
Back then, Roxanne had told him that Aubree was the one who put the bacteria into the children's cup. However, Lucian did nothing about that because he could not find any evidence of Aubree's involvement.
If Aubree really was behind the bacteria incident, then she had to be behind the incident where Archie and Benny were chased by older children when they came to visit Estella as well.
Lucian chided himself when he realized how he had even planned to give Aubree another chance a while ago. If he had let the wicked woman join the Farwell family, the woman would mess everything up. “Do you have evidence of it?” Lucian asked.
Cory promptly took out the photos he had taken. 
###Chapter 1303
Chapter 1303
Chapter 1303 Lucian took it with a neutral look.
Cory did not intend to hide anything from Lucian. What he had given to Lucian was the camera he had used when he was working on Aubree's case. Not only was there the evidence in it, but there were also the photos Aubree had asked him to take of Roxanne.
After handing the camera to Lucian, Cory began waiting fearfully. Lucian went through the photos.
The first photo was the photo Cory had deliberately selected for him—the photo where Aubree was putting the bacteria into the children’s drink.
The background of the photo was the field where Roxanne had brought the children.
Even though there were only a few photos, Lucian could see the ruthlessness and caution in Aubree's eyes. Lucian narrowed his eyes. He guessed that Aubree had to have done more things than what these photos showed. He went through the other photos.
Most of the photos were photos of Roxanne with Jack, as well as photos of him and Roxanne.
Even though Roxanne had accepted him, and even though the two of them were close, he still could not help but feel irritated at the sight of her photos with Jack.
Cory had taken the photos deliberately from an angle that would make Roxanne look as though she was being intimate with Jack.
The tension built up in the office.
Sensing the change in Lucian's mood, Cory craned his neck to look at the photos before explaining, “Mr. Farwell, please don't misunderstand the situation. | was only making it seem as if they were intimate. Ms. Jarvis has always been keeping a safe distance from him.”
Cory was filled with regret as he said that, and his explanation earned a glare from Lucian. Naturally, he realized that, but it still did not stop him from feeling jealous when he saw the photos.
What was | doing while Roxanne was spending her time with Jack? | was giving her the cold shoulder and mulling over if | should make Aubree Essie's stepmother.
Fury surged through him when he thought about that.
Suddenly, he saw a few familiar photos.
Lucian froze and lifted his head to look at Cory. “Did you send these photos to Aubree?”
Cory did not know what happened, but he nodded sheepishly. “I sent most of the photos here to Ms. Pearson.”
The anger twisted even more inside Lucian.
The photos were the ones that Sonya had used to kick up a fuss.
Back then, Lucian had asked her who sent her the photos, but Sonya had told him they were from an unfamiliar number.
Now, it was clear to him that Aubree's scheming ways went further than what he could see.
“Mr. Farwell...” Cory was frightened by Lucian's cold fury. “Mr.
Farwell, | was only doing my job! | don't know anything about what happened other than this! Aubree's a lunatic! She even asked me to kill Ms. Jarvis for her, but why would | do that? But she threatened to tell you that everything was my doing if | didn't do as she said. | had no choice but to flee from her...”
Lucian snapped, “What did you just say?”
That b *tch even wanted to kill Roxanne?
Ashudder ran down Cory's spine. “Aubree went mad on the night Ms. Jarvis was hospitalized...”
He could not finish the sentence from the pure wrath Lucian was exuding.
The room plunged into a deathly silence.
Right as Cory was about to say something else, Lucian abruptly lifted his hand.
In the next second, the camera he had been holding shot past Cory's face and slammed onto the ground. The screen cracked.
Cory's knees went weak, and he nearly slid off his chair to kneel before Lucian. 
###Chapter 1304
Chapter 1304
An indeterminate time passed, and Cory finally regained his senses. “Mr. Farwell, | was wrong! | won't ever dare to do this again. Aubree forced me!” He begged for mercy in a panic and spoke without considering his word choices. “I don't want the money. Please let me go. I'll scram!”
He got up from the chair and wanted to escape the office as soon as possible because that place felt like hell to him due to the gloomy aura emitted by Lucian.
Cory didn't want to stay there for a second longer. “Stop right there,” Lucian uttered just as Cory reached the office door.
At the same time, Cayden moved and stood at the doorway, blocking Cory's path. Cayden gestured at the latter for him to retrace his steps.
Remorse washed over Cory as he was trapped inside the office by Lucian and Cayden. If he could turn back time, he wouldn't have met with Lucian no matter what.
Realizing there was no longer hope for him to run away, Cory turned around and gazed at Lucian, having only the courage to do so while keeping a safe distance from him. “What else can | do for you, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian got to his feet from behind the desk and glanced at Cory with a dark look. “I can give you the money.”
Cory was shocked. He couldn't believe his ears. Am | really able to acquire money from Lucian? I'm not dreaming, right? Immediately afterward, Lucian's voice rang again. “But not now.”
Reality slapped Cory across his face.
Having worked in that industry for so long, he was already a worldly-wise person.
He fathomed Lucian had a task for him after Lucian finished his sentence.
Moreover, that task wouldn't be simple.
However, Cory was left with no alternative.
Instead of having Lucian force him to take on the job, he figured he might as well seize that opportunity to get on Lucian's good side by doing him that favor.
Cory flashed a subservient smile. “Mr. Farwell, how can | be of help? I'll definitely put forth my best effort!”
Lucian strode past him and looked at Cayden, who was standing at the doorway. “Bring Mr. Zaythrone to the reception room to rest.”
Cayden nodded politely.
Cory's heart jumped to his throat when he was on his way to the reception room. The tension even caused him to feel a little breathless.
Meanwhile, Aubree had finally returned to the Pearson residence.
Her legs were still a little weak when she got out of the car. She nearly fell to the ground.
“Aubree!”
Inside the mansion, Gina was sitting in the living room in uneasiness. Her facial expression brightened when she saw Aubree returning. “Where did you go? You haven't eaten anything in the past few days and were reluctant to leave your bedroom. When you stepped out of your room, you disappeared without updating US on your whereabouts. Do you know how worried | was. about you?”
Samuel, standing next to Gina, also looked concerned.
“Just forget about the engagement since it has been called off. Lucian will always remember the kindness your grandfather had shown him, so the Pearson family's status remains,” Gina comforted her daughter.
Although they were also dissatisfied with the cancellation of the engagement, Gina and Samuel thought their daughter's health was ultimately more important.
“Mom, Dad, things may be different for the Pearson family soon,” Aubree stammered.
The rest of Gina's words stuck in her throat. She turned her head around and exchanged glances with Samuel. Only then did she confirm her ears weren't playing tricks on her.
Colors drained from her face again as apprehension filled her eyes. “What happened? Why are you saying that all of a sudden?”
Gina sized up Aubree's appearance as she spoke. A sense of foreboding crept into Gina's heart. “Be honest with US. What have you done?”
Aubree's lips trembled uncontrollably. “1-1 messed up! Lucian will never let me off the hook! Mom, Dad, please help me. Only you two can save me now!” 
###Chapter 1305
Chapter 1305
Gina panicked at the sight of her daughter's demeanor. She instinctively turned to look at Samuel. Samuel remained relatively rational, but he was wearing a grimace. “What did you do?”
Hearing her father's question, Aubree lowered her gaze guiltily, her eyelids twitching uncontrollably.
Even as the situation progressed to that stage, she was still trying to figure out ways to describe her doings with reduced severity.
After contemplating for a few moments, she uttered warily, “I-| contaminated the water Essie drank with bacteria.” Samuel's and Gina's faces darkened as soon as they heard that.
They had always known Aubree despised Estella and had been mistreating her.
However, since Lucian didn't find out about that, they turned a blind eye to Aubree's misconduct.
Unexpectedly, Aubree's foolishness knew no boundaries.
Noticing the changes in her parents’ mood, Aubree quickly added, “I didn't do that on purpose. | wasjust trying to teach the b*tch, Roxanne, a lesson. | wanted those two b*stards to be infected, but I-I didn't expect Essie’s cup to be next to theirs. | got carried away
Before she could finish her sentence, Samuel slapped her forcefully. “You fool!” Aubree covered her face, lowered her head, and stayed silent for a long while. Samuel panted heavily. He recollected himself for a few seconds before asking again, “Is that all?”
Aubree's eyes flickered. “I did the same thing to Essie once in the past, but | suppose Lucian doesn't know | am the culprit. He doesn't have any evidence!”
Samuel bellowed, “Aren't you aware of Lucian's capability? He'll find out all the information he needs once you expose yourself!”
Aubree became even more agitated. “What should we do? Lucian cares a lot about Essie. He'll never forgive me if he knows | tried to harm her.” Moreover, | even set Roxanne up on muitiple occasions. Judging by their current relationship, Lucian will undoubtedly turn my life into a living hell by considering all the horrible things I've done when taking revenge on me!
At that thought, she grasped the hem of her mother's clothes hysterically. “Mom, you have to save me. | was wrong!” Gina merely felt weak all over.
She understood her daughter more than anyone else, so she knew Aubree must've committed more wrongdoings than she had let on.
Still, Aubree's act of harming Estella alone was sufficient to convince Lucian to unleash his wrath on the Pearson family. Gina gazed at Samuel, hoping he could figure out a solution.
“You fool! | can't believe | gave birth to a daughter as senseless as you!”
Samuel paced around the mansion anxiously.
After some time, he finally stopped in his tracks and instructed Gina, “Contact Sonya. We can only rely on her to help speak up for us in front of Lucian.”
Gina was already deeply shaken up. She merely executed his orders blindly after hearing his words.
Right after she took out her phone to dial Sonya's number, Aubree's phone suddenly rang. The three of them simultaneously shifted their gazes to the ringing phone.
Due to the fire at the factory earlier, her phone screen had been cracked into a mess. Nonetheless, they could still see the caller ID displayed on the screen.
It was a call from Lucian.
Aubree shuddered when she caught sight of the name. She frantically tossed away the device. “Lucian must be calling me to settle the score! We cannot answer the call. We mustn't...”
“Do you think he'll be out of ways to deal with you if you don't pick up the call?” Samuel roared. Frightened, Aubree answered the phone with trembling hands.
On the other end of the call, Lucian wasn’t expecting her to speak, either. He simply uttered coldly, “I'll be waiting for you at the Farwell residence at two o'clock in the afternoon.”
With that, he hung up the phone right away. 
###Chapter 1306
Chapter 1306
It was two in the afternoon, and there were still two more hours to go.
Not wanting to waste any more time, Gina gave Sonya a call.
The latter answered immediately. “Gina, what is it?”
From Sonya's calm voice, it was obvious that she had no clue about what had happened.
Despite forcing herself to calm down, Gina couldn't stop her voice from quivering. “Are you free? Aubree would like to speak to you.”
Gina's tone puzzled Sonya. “Did something happen? Is it about the engagement? Don't worry. I'll talk to Lucian about it.” The mention of Lucian's name caused the three Pearsons to feel self-conscious.
Finally, Gina steeled herself to reply, “You'll know when you arrive.”
With that, she ended the call, confident that Sonya would come over.
Just as expected, Sonya arrived at the Pearson residence half an hour later.
When she saw the three gloomy Pearsons in the living room, Sonya's heart sank. “What happened? Why do you all look as if you're at a funeral?”
No sooner had Sonya spoken than Aubree came over and hugged Sonya's leg.
Stunned by the latter's abrupt action, Sonya was about to speak when Aubree preempted her with a voice brimming with despair. “I'm sorry, Mrs. Farwell! You have to help me. I'll never do it again!”
Aubree's words elicited Sonya's sympathy. “Tell me what happened, and I'll see if there's anything | can do.”
In a choking voice, Aubree explained, “Remember when | told you about Essie getting an infection from the camping trip Roxanne took her on? | was the one behind it!”
Sonya's face darkened instantly. “What in the world happened?”
“| didn't do it on purpose! | just wanted to teach Roxanne and her two boys a lesson, but the bacteria somehow got into Essie's cup and infected her.”
Aubree shamelessly tried to defend herself, “I really didn't expect it to turn out that way. That's why | didn't dare tell you about—” Before she finished, Sonya slapped her across the face.
This slap was even harder than the one Samuel had given her earlier.
Sonya was outraged to learn that the daughter-in-law she favored had actually harmed her granddaughter.
Aubree's confession had also reminded Sonya of the time when she whacked Estella on the backside.
| must have been blind to believe Aubree when she claimed that she did it for Essie's own good!
“Mrs. Farwell...” Dazed by the strike, Aubree took a few seconds to regain her senses before giving Sonya a hopeless look.
Showing no mercy, Sonya shoved Aubree's hand away. “Shut up!
How could you have lied to me all these years and even harmed my granddaughter? Why did it take me so long to realize how vicious you are? Aubree, I'm really disappointed in you!”
The Pearsons’ faces fell in response to Sonya's reaction.
Nonetheless, Gina still held some hope. “Sonya, we have been friends for so many—”
“Don't you dare say my name!”
The aura Sonya exuded was so intimidating that it seemed to suffocate the Pearsons.
Right then, Sonya had a sudden realization as she looked down at Aubree. “What about the car accident?” Now that she thought about it, there were plenty of reasons for her to be suspicious.
Aubree lowered her head and didn't dare reply.
Sensing how rapidly the situation was deteriorating, Gina and Samuel dropped to their knees in desperation.
“Mrs. Farwell, please forgive US this one time. | guarantee we'll never show our faces in front of the Farwells—” "Leave your pleas to Lucian and Essie,” Sonya cut her off ruthlessly. 
###Chapter 1307
Chapter 1307
Chapter 1307 When their appeal fell on deaf ears, the Pearsons were filled with despair.
Sonya gave them the side-eye. “How dare you lie to me all these years? And now, you still have the cheek to beg for my forgiveness?”
The three of them hung their heads, not daring to utter a single word. After a brief yet deathly silence, Sonya turned to leave. “You guys better pray hard!”
Samuel finally got back up to his feet a long while later. As he stared at his daughter, who was still kneeling, a pained look flashed across his eyes. “You should leave the country.”
Aubree raised her head the moment she heard those words.
“That's the only way out.” Samuel let out a long sigh. “You can save yourself by leaving, otherwise, we'll lose both you and our wealth!”
A look of hesitation filled Aubree's eyes.
Leave the country... Would Lucian really let me off? More importantly, would he even give me the chance?
As concerns filled her mind, Aubree just couldn't agree to her father's proposal.
In the blink of an eye, it was already one thirty.
The three of them left home on time.
Given that Lucian was already outraged by Aubree's actions, they wouldn't look repentant if they were to be late. Meanwhile, Roxanne was oblivious to what had happened between the Pearson and Farwell families.
She had caught a cold the day before. Archie and Benny had taken the day off from the kindergarten to stay home to accompany her.
As always, the children were extremely concerned about her. They made sure that she took her medication and had enough water.
Although all Roxanne had was a slight fever, they forbade her from getting out of bed.
In the morning, Lucian and Estella had dropped by for a visit and only left when they learned it wasn't serious. Just as Roxanne was about to take a nap so that her boys could also rest, her phone suddenly rang.
When she saw that it was Lucian on the line, she answered it, thinking that he was just checking in on her. “Do you feel better now?”
Just as expected, Lucian's concerned voice rang out.
Roxanne's heart was immediately warmed. “It's just a minor fever. |
feel fine. You guys are just overreacting.”
For her sake, the three children had taken leave from school, whereas Lucian had almost dropped whatever he was doing in the Office to care for her.
In the end, it was Roxanne who convinced him that there was no such need.
Lucian sounded solemn over the line. “Come to the manor if you can. I'll get Cayden to pick you up.” Roxanne was stunned by his request. She could sense the gravity of the situation. “What happened?” She reckoned Lucian wouldn't want her to be out and about unless it was something serious, as she was sick.
Lucian furrowed his brows. He didn't know how to break it to her. “It's better to talk about it in person. Cayden should be arriving anytime now.”
Without asking any further questions, Roxanne agreed, ‘I'll go and get ready.”
Lucian added, “Bring Archie and Benny along.”
Since they wereAubree's initial targets, she has to apologize to them in person.
Even though Roxanne was baffled, she could tell from Lucian's tone that it was something serious. “All right.”
Just as she ended the call, the boys came in with a glass of water.
After taking it from their hands and drinking a mouthful, Roxanne said, “Mr. Farwell wants me to bring both of you to his place, so go get ready. Mr. Lawson will be picking US up soon.” 
###Chapter 1308
Chapter 1308
The boys were elated to learn that they would be going over to Lucian's place.
They figured their father was worried about their mother and wanted to care for her there.
But why does he wont Mommy to go over? If he's really worried about her, won't it be easier for him to come here? They emerged from Roxanne's bedroom, puzzled by the arrangement.
Before the boys could come to a conclusion, Cayden was already knocking on their door.
Roxanne, who was ready, went down to get the door.
“Ms. Jarvis, Mr. Farwell has requested that | take you and the children to the manor,” Cayden informed cordially.
Roxanne nodded in acknowledgment. “I know. He called me just now. The children will be down soon, so please bear with us for a moment.”
As soon as she said that, the boys came running down the stairs.
Cayden ushered all of them into the car.
During the journey, Roxanne couldn't resist asking, “Do you know why Lucian called US over?”
Cayden shook his head after a momentary hesitation. “You'll find out when you're there.”
Although he was aware of the reason, it would be inappropriate for him to talk about it before his employer did. Roxanne frowned slightly. The curiosity within her began to swell.
Cayden obviously knows something but refuses to talk.
The more secretive Cayden was, the more Roxanne found it strange.
Archie and Benny were unsettled by the mysterious atmosphere as well.
It wasn't until twenty minutes later that the car gradually stopped in front of the Farwell residence.
When Cayden led the three in, Lucian was already waiting in the living room.
Behind him stood a man with exquisite features and an ordinary build. However, the man seemed to appear ill at ease. At the sight of Roxanne, the man greeted her sincerely, “How do you do, Ms. Jarvis?”
Wondering if it was just her imagination, Roxanne could feel as if the man seemed to need her help.
She gave Lucian a puzzled look. “Who might this be?”
The moment she made eye contact with Lucian, Roxanne was stunned a second time. The conflicted look she saw in his eyes somehow overwhelmed her.
“What happened? Why are you—”
She wanted to ask Lucian why he was looking at her that way.
“This is Cory Zaythrone. He's a private investigator,” Lucian interrupted her.
Roxanne remained as puzzled as before. She had never heard of that name, but the man clearly knew her. Sensing her confusion, Lucian elaborated, "He's been watching you all this while.”
The revelation caused Roxanne's eyes to glisten in shock.
She gave the man another look and felt a sudden chill down her spine.
Someone has been following me all this while, and yet | was oblivious to it! Why is he doing this? What did he do while tailing me?
Roxanne wanted to probe further. Before she could do so, a small figure suddenly ran down from upstairs. “Aunt Roxanne! Archie! Benny!”
Estella had been looking for her father upon waking up. Little did she expect to find Roxanne and the boys there too. Visibly delighted, she hurried up to them with a childish skip.
Roxanne had no choice but to swallow her words before flashing a smile at Estella. “Aunt Roxanne, are you feeling better? What brings you here all of a sudden?” While giving her a concerned look, Estella tiptoed to try to feel Roxanne's forehead. Roxanne leaned forward so that Estella could reach her. “The fever is gone.”
Only after Estella felt it herself did she relax.
Meanwhile, while watching the heartwarming scene of Roxanne interacting with the three children, Lucian was enraged by the thought of what he had learned in the afternoon.
If it weren't forAubree, things would have been like this long ago! 
###Chapter 1309
Chapter 1309
After reassuring Estella, Roxanne walked up to Lucian with Archie and Benny.
“Mr. Farwell, why was this man following Mommy?”
Archie, the most vigilant of them, had been scrutinizing Cory while Roxanne was chatting with Estella. Hearing that, Roxanne turned to look at Cory with a frown.
She had a hunch that the reason Lucian requested their presence was tied to that man.
The only thing she couldn't figure out was why he wanted Archie and Benny to be there.
She looked at Lucian with concern. “Shall we let the children go upstairs to play?”
Lucian shook his head solemnly. “This matter involves them too.”
The three children deserve Aubree's apology the most.
Hearing that, Roxanne and the children were taken aback.
They're just children. What could've happened for Lucian to put on such a grave look on his face? Right then, something struck her. She turned to Lucian and asked hesitantly, “Is it-”
“Have a seat and wait.” Lucian gestured for them to sit.
Roxanne had no choice but to save her questions for later.
The children sat beside Lucian but not before saving the seat next to him for Roxanne.
Despite that, Roxanne still chose a seat where the children were between Lucian and her.
Not knowing what was going to happen, she tried to avoid looking too high profile.
Once seated, Roxanne began to contemplate on the matter.
The only thing | can think of that relates to the three of them is Essie getting an infection during the camping trip. Is the result of the investigations out?
Roxanne then recalled Lucian's introduction of Cory.
Since he has been following me, does that mean he saw what happened that day?
With that possibility in mind, Roxanne gave Cory an anxious look.
Is the culprit who | think it is?Aubree?
Just as she pulled the children into her embrace and wanted to ask Lucian about it, a commotion was heard at the door. Everyone turned to see what was going on and was greeted by the sight of Catalina ushering Sonya in.
From the sullen look on Sonya's face, it was clear that she had flown into a rage not too long ago.
And the sight of Roxanne and her boys only caused Sonya's scowl to deepen.
“Essie, come to Grandma.”
She looked in Estella's direction. Her eyes were filled with guilt.
Estella pursed her lips and tightened her grip on Roxanne's sleeves, refusing to go over.
Sonya's face contorted when she saw Estella's reaction. She looked as though she was about to lose her temper.
However, at the thought of something, Sonya calmed herself down again.
She gave Roxanne a look of displeasure and didn't force Estella in the end. Instead, she turned her attention to her son.
“| just came back from the Pearson residence. They should be here any minute.”
Roxanne's expression changed when she heard that.
Just as expected, the Pearsons must be the ones behind it!
At the same moment, Lucian gave his mother an inquisitive look.
Sonya's brows furrowed. “They were pleading for mercy from me, but | ignored them and told them to speak to you instead.” With that, she took her seat in the armchair beside Lucian.
For harming her granddaughter and lying to her, Sonya wanted to witness with her own eyes how the Pearsons would explain themselves in front of her son.
Moreover, she wanted to make sure Aubree apologized to Estella. 
###Chapter 1310
Chapter 1310
Chapter 1310 At two sharp, the miserable-looking Pearsons arrived at the manor entrance.
Although Samuel's appearance was still considered acceptable, Gina and Aubree looked as if someone had died. After they cried in a panic the entire journey, their hair had become nothing but a mess.
“Go in and apologize!”
Samuel shot his daughter a glare, and Aubree nodded without hesitation.
After all, they had no other choice given the current situation.
The three of them entered the mansion with their hearts hanging in their throats.
The moment she stepped in, Aubree saw Roxanne sitting with Lucian. It went without saying that the three children had filled the space between both of them.
An insidious glint flashed across Aubree's eyes.
Even at her closest to Lucian, she had never shared a couch with him.
He would always be seated in a single seater.
And now, right before her eyes, they looked exactly like a family.
As rage began to boil within her, Aubree caught a glimpse of Cory from the corner of her eye.
In that instant, she felt weak and almost dropped to her knees.
Prior to her entrance, she had still hoped that Lucian had discovered something else instead. However, the sight of Cory dampened those hopes and drowned her in despair.
“Lucian, what's with the crowd—"
Samuel had wanted to pretend as if nothing had happened but held his tongue upon noticing Sonya's presence. Gina, on the other hand, felt her limbs go cold and looked as if she was about to faint at any moment. “Ms. Pearson, I'm sure you recognize the man behind me.”
Lucian's frosty voice rang out.
At his cue, Cory came forward and stood in front of Aubree.
The Pearsons turned pale upon noticing that Lucian had changed the way he addressed Aubree.
Ms. Pearson... Lucian must have decided to sever ties with our family!
“Speak! | don't remember you to be deaf!”
Lucian had kept his temper in check due to the presence of the children. Nevertheless, his icy tone still struck fear into the hearts of others.
Even the children moved toward Roxanne when they, too, sensed his anger.
Roxanne responded by giving their heads a reassuring stroke before turning her attention to Aubree, who was wearing a frosty expression.
Ever since | returned to the country, this woman has been trying to harm me time and again. | don't mind her attacking the research institute or me, but she has crossed the line by choosing to hurt my children. In fact, she has done so more than once! Roxanne was filled with the urge to pay Aubree back for what she had done to the children.
Meanwhile, Aubree couldn't help but tremble under Lucian's gaze.
Along while passed before she finally found her voice. “I... | do.” Lucian narrowed his eyes in displeasure. “Is that all?”
His question sent a shiver down her spine.
She might have had the courage to confess her misdeeds to Sonya, but it didn't mean that she dared to do the same in front of Lucian, who would never let her off.
In her desperation, Aubree threw herself at Lucian. "Lucian, listen to me. Everything | did was for your sake. | love you. You can't treat me this way!”
Before she could even get close, Cayden grabbed her and shoved her back toward Gina's side. He didn't hold back his strength after tolerating her all this while.
Stung by the pain in her arm and the dejection welling up inside her, Aubree burst into tears. 
###Chapter 1311
Chapter 1311
“Since you have trouble recalling, I'll let Mr. Zaythrone remind you of them.” All Lucian felt when he saw her tears was disgust. “If he gets anything wrong, you're welcome to correct him.”
With that, he gave Cory a look to signal for him to begin.
Acknowledging the cue, Cory cleared his throat and spoke. “Ms. Pearson hired me to keep an eye on Ms. Jarvis. She—” He had barely begun when Aubree lunged at him suddenly.
“Shut up! | don’t know you! You’re a madman! | don’t know what you're talking about. Go to hell!”
Even though her outburst caught him off guard, the physical strength between them was just too great.
The moment he regained his senses, Cory easily pushed her away from him. “Stop raving like a lunatic, you shrew!”
Upon crashing to the ground, Aubree snarled, “You'll suffer divine retribution for this! Do you think the Farwells will let you off just because you snitched on me?”
Cory paid Aubree no heed as he turned to face Lucian and Roxanne with an ingratiating look.
“Ms. Jarvis, I’m sorry, but | was just doing my job. It was Aubree who forced me to do it. But other than taking a few pictures, | definitely didn’t do anything to harm you.”
As she watched Aubree go wild, a look of realization flashed across Roxanne’s eyes.
This was the first time she had seen her lose her composure, for the latter had always appeared aloof. Soon, a look of conviction formed in Roxanne’s eyes.
For harming the children, Aubree deserves to be punished!
She threw Cory a cold glance. “What did you capture with your camera?”
Cory was surprised by Roxanne’s quick reaction. He said, “When you took the children camping, | saw Aubree put something into their cups. Also, | was the one who took all those pictures of you and Mr. Damaris on her instructions...”
One by one, Cory listed out Aubree’s misdeeds while Aubree unleashed a constant tirade on him.
When he finally finished, Aubree shouted, “I didn’t! That wasn’t my intention. Lucian, you have to believe me!”
Cory looked at her disdainfully.
When he first worked with her, she had always put on airs and didn’t show him any respect.
And here | was, thinking that she was someone capable. But in the end, she still has to grovel at Lucian’s feet, begging for
forgiveness.
Having had enough of the pathetic Aubree, Cory ruthlessly put the final nail in her coffin. “I have evidence of everything she did in my camera. As for the pictures with Mr. Damaris, | have more pictures of the scene from a different angle. They clearly show that Ms. Jarvis wasn’t sharing an intimate moment with him at all.”
When Cory’s final words rolled off his tongue, Aubree’s voice gradually faded away. All that could be heard from her were sobs of dejection.
“What do you have to say for yourself?” Lucian’s eyes were brimming with contempt. He was simply disgusted by the sight of Aubree.
When she raised her head and saw him sitting with Roxanne, Aubree could feel madness take over her mind. “| didn’t do anything! Roxanne framed me!” Since I've lost everything, I’m going to drag her down with me!
Aubree’s eyes were burning with rage as she stared at Roxanne, who was seated on the couch. 
###Chapter 1312
Chapter 1312
“Roxanne, you b*tch! Why are you doing this to me? I’m the one Lucian loved in the first place. It’s all your fault! He left me because you keep pestering him. You deserve to die! | won't forgive you. Who do you think you are, taking Lucian away from me like this? He’s going to see your true colors one day. You're just a piece of trash who’s been bedded by thousands of men.” Aubree pointed at Roxanne. Her hysterical screams echoed in the mansion hall.
“| won't let you talk about Mommy like that! You evil woman! | hate you! | hate you so much!”
Estella suddenly lost control of her emotions and burst into tears. As she cried, she picked up the things around her and threw them at Aubree.
Roxanne hurriedly pulled Estella into her embrace. She was racked with guilt.
| should've brought the children upstairs. This kind of situation is too overwhelming for them, especially Essie. She’s already emotionally unstable to begin with.
Estella cried so hard that she could barely breathe properly. “I don’t want the evil lady here! She scolds me and even pinches my arms and legs! Mommy! | want Mommy!”
All Roxanne could feel was her heart aching. She could not even process what Estella was saying. “Calm down, Essie. I’m here. Don’t cry. I'll help you chase the evil lady away...”
Lucian’s and Sonya’s expressions changed when they heard Estella’s words.
Samuel cast Aubree a cold glare.
Aubree had lost her mind and was still lashing out verbally.
Samuel shifted his gaze from Lucian to Sonya before he slapped Aubree across the face. “Shut up, you idiot!” This time, Samuel did not go easy on her, which left Aubree dizzy from the slap.
It took her some time to return to her senses. Still, she continued screaming, “How could you hit me? You’re on that b*tch’s side, too, aren’t you?”
Samuel landed another slap on her cheek, which sounded loud and clear. After two slaps, Aubree’s cheeks had swelled. Samuel turned around to apologize to Lucian and Sonya.
“I'm terribly sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Farwell. Aubree has made a terrible mistake. I'll teach her a lesson when | get home. Please be merciful and not hold a grudge against her...”
Sonya was trembling with anger when she found out how Aubree had been secretly treating her granddaughter. Likewise, a dark look appeared on Lucian’s face. “We’re not the ones you should be apologizing to!” Hearing that, Samuel turned to Roxanne and the children.
When Samuel was about to part his lips, Lucian’s voice rang out again. “You're not the one who made the mistake. What are you apologizing for?” The coldness in his tone was palpable.
Samuel froze when he heard that.
Several seconds later, he turned around and snapped at Aubree, “Damn it! Apologize to Ms. Jarvis and the children now!” Aubree’s pupils darted around out of fear and madness.
Eventually, the madness got the better of her.
She got to her feet stumblingly, murmuring, “Fine. I'll apologize. I'll apologize now.”
Thinking she was actually going to apologize, Samuel let her walk in front of him without stopping her.
In the next second, Aubree suddenly dashed forward, holding the ashtray Estella had thrown at her earlier.
“Roxanne, you b*tch! Go to hell!”
Aubree looked like an utter maniac.
At that moment, even the boys who were usually brave were scared senseless, and they watched Aubree charge at them in fear. 
###Chapter 1313
Chapter 1313
Estella’s cries became sharper, and her eyes were filled with terror as she gripped Roxanne’s shoulder tightly.
Roxanne instinctively pulled Estella into her embrace and turned around, wanting to take the attack on the latter’s behalf. However, only a muffled thud was heard.
The pain that was supposed to follow did not happen.
It took Roxanne several seconds before she slowly lifted her head to glance in the direction where Aubree was coming from.
To Roxanne’s surprise, Aubree’s hand that held the ashtray earlier was held by Lucian while the ashtray had dropped to the ground.
Various emotions could be seen flashing across Aubree’s face.
First, there was the mad look on Aubree’s face for the urge to kill Roxanne. Another was her terror for Lucian. “You crazy woman!”
Lucian’s grip on Aubree’s wrist was so tight that it could almost crush her bones.
It was only then that Aubree snapped back to her senses. Suppressing the pain in her wrist, she apologized frantically, “I-| don’t know what's wrong with me. Forgive me, Lucian. Lucian—”
Before she could even finish, Lucian shoved her away.
Aubree stumbled a few steps back and slumped to the ground pathetically. “I swear | won't do it again. Please forgive me...” she pleaded, ignoring the pain in her body.
“Forgive you? So you can get another chance to attack the people | care about? Aubree Pearson, you deserve to die for everything you did.” Lucian’s voice was horrifyingly cold.
Shuddering, Aubree backed away with the help of her hands. At the same time, her gaze fell on Sonya. “Mrs. Farwell, please help me...”
Aubree knew how much Sonya liked her.
Seeing Aubree still had the guts to beg her for help, Sonya rose to her feet and barked, “I don’t know a vicious woman like you!” She cast her granddaughter a worried look before turning back to Aubree. “I always thought Essie didn’t like you because you two didn’t spend enough time together. Never did | imagine you to have treated her that way behind our backs. You’re unbelievable, Aubree!”
The thought of how much Estella had suffered over the years made Sonya’s heart ache. How dare this b*tch still beg me for mercy? How shameless!
“From today onward, the marriage contract between the Farwell and Pearson families is off. After all, I've already repaid Old Mr. Pearson’s favor long ago,” announced Lucian. He then cast the Pearsons an icy glance. “In the future, Pearson Group is an enemy of Farwell Group!”
Samuel could not bear it any longer.
He marched forward, wanting to grab Lucian’s arm.
This time, Cayden was quick to react as he blocked Samuel's path. Given no choice, Samuel stood in his spot and looked at Lucian earnestly. “Please don’t do this, Lucian. Back then, my father—” He wanted to try bringing up the favor his father had done for Lucian.
“Old Mr. Pearson's favor had exhausted long ago when Aubree went looking for Roxanne for trouble! | said this before. | won't let her off the hook if she dares to harass my person again.” Lucian cast Samuel a hostile glare.
Samuel's heart sank, and his eyes dimmed with despair.
Lucian turned around to look at Estella, who was still crying, and Roxanne, who was patiently comforting the little girl. The sight only spiked his anger more.
The nerve of her to hurt the people | care about!
Turning around, he marched over to Aubree and glanced at her condescendingly. “Since you won't apologize to them, I’ve got no choice but to resolve this with my methods.” 
###Chapter 1314
Chapter 1314
His methods? The Pearsons exchanged nervous glances as a terrible fear grew in their hearts. With a grim voice, Lucian called for Cayden. Just as he was about to give his orders, Roxanne’s voice sounded behind him.
“Lucian, forget about it.” Still hugging Estella tightly, Roxanne put a lid on her hatred. “Let the police handle this. | have the report of the bacteria she used on the children. The dosage is lethal for kids. She’ll be spending the rest of her life in prison for attempted murder.”
Roxanne could not stop her hatred from festering at the thought of Aubree almost murdering the children. Even so, she could still think rationally. Aubree’s actions were outrageous, but it was not worth dirtying Lucian’s hands to punish her.
Lucian frowned and fell silent for a moment before ordering Cayden, “Contact the lawyer and tell him to send Ms. Pearson to where she belongs as soon as possible.”
Cayden could not be happier to hear that. “All right.”
When Aubree heard Roxanne’s words, her eyes darted from left to right.
I'm going to spend the rest of my life in prison? No! | don’t want that!
“You b*tch! | won't let you off even if | die! Just wait! I’ll make you join me in hell!”
Aubree had a malicious expression on her face as she stared at Roxanne, looking like a devil who had just escaped from the pits of hell.
Unfazed, Roxanne merely covered Archie’s and Benny’s eyes. The fury in Lucian’s heart grew more intense.
Samuel hurried over to Aubree and finally restrained her after exerting much strength. After that, he shot Gina a look, implying that the latter needed to help him out.
Snapping out of it, Gina scurried over to cover Aubree’s mouth. However, Aubree seemed to have lost her mind as she bit Gina’s hand. Regardless, the latter dared not remove her hand.
“It's our fault for not educating her well. Please, Mr. and Mrs. Farwell. Aubree’s still young. We promise to keep a strict eye on her and not let her get near Ms. Jarvis and the kids. Please give her a chance!” Samuel pleaded earnestly.
Sonya had known them for a long time and even watched Aubree grow up.
She had only wanted to teach Aubree a lesson and cut ties with their family over that matter. Never did she expect the punishment to become so severe.
Sonya’s heart began to waver as she gazed at the pathetic-looking trio.
However, Lucian did not give her the chance to speak. Narrowing his eyes, he asked, “Should | escort all three of you out?”
Samuel did not dare to say anything else. In the end, he and Gina carried Aubree out and fled the scene. When the Pearsons finally left, the mansion plunged into silence. All that could be heard were Estella’s sobs.
Feeling heartbroken, Roxanne patted Estella on the back and said gently, “Don’t be scared, Essie. The evil lady’s gone. Don’t cry, okay?”
It was at that moment Archie and Benny finally snapped out of their daze. They hopped off the couch and surrounded Roxanne and Estella.
“Don't cry, Essie. Mr. Farwell has given that evil lady a proper lesson.”
“She won't show up ever again. There won’t be anyone who'll bully you again. Mommy, Benny, and | will protect you from now on!”
The boys took turns assuring her. When Estella heard that Aubree was gone, she stopped sobbing and peeked out from under Roxanne’s arms.
Suddenly, Sonya approached and regarded her from above. “Come here, Essie. Let me hug you.” 
###Chapter 1315
Chapter 1315
Estella, who had yet to calm down, almost burst into tears at the sight of Sonya.
Seeing that, Roxanne quickly hugged Estella tightly. She then stood up to look at Sonya. “Mrs. Farwell, please don’t agitate her. Essie’s still emotionally unstable.”
At the same time, Lucian walked over with a frown.
He thought his mother had finally gotten a clear view of the situation after witnessing the way she had treated Aubree earlier. To his surprise, Sonya had gone looking for Roxanne for trouble after chasing Aubree away.
“I'm just worried about my granddaughter. How is this agitating her emotions?”
It had been an emotional day for Sonya. She failed to keep her emotions in check, which made her sound displeased when she uttered those words.
When she finished saying that, she reached out to pull Estella out of Roxanne’s arms. “Come here, Essie. Let me see if there are any injuries on your body.”
Panicking, Estella crawled up Roxanne’s shoulders. “Ahh! | want Mommy! | don’t want Grandma! No!”
Unfortunately, the way Estella addressed Roxanne only made Sonya scowl more. “Don’t simply address her that way! She’s not your mommy!”
Estella only continued crying, oblivious to the words Sonya was yelling. Lucian, on the other hand, heard everything clearly.
He stood beside Roxanne and the children with a hostile expression. “Mom, what are you trying to do to Essie when she’s already in such a state? Are Aubree’s words not enough to make you reflect on yourself?”
Sonya was taken aback by her son’s words. A long moment passed before she said awkwardly, “I’m just worried about Essie.”
Rubbing his temples, Lucian suppressed his anger and said, “Do you really? If you really cared about her, why would you keep pushing her to Aubree?”
For the past five years, Estella had suffered a lot because of Sonya’s favor for Aubree. His words eluded Sonya of words.
She looked at Estella with remorse, saying, “I’m sorry, Essie. | just really want to make it up to you.” Then she glowered at Roxanne. “I can avoid touching Essie for the time being, but Roxanne has to leave the Farwell residence. Nothing good has happened to our family ever since she appeared. | bet she'll only be satisfied when she wreaks havoc in our family.”
Essie wouldn't have suffered so much if Roxanne hadn't ditched her without a word back then.
When Estella heard her grandmother talking about Roxanne that way, tears streamed down her face again. “I want Mommy! Don’t leave, Mommy!”
Estella was sobbing so hard that Roxanne did not notice the way she was addressing her.
Even if Roxanne did, she would still follow Estella’s wishes.
Roxanne was moved yet pained to see Estella being so protective of her.
However, the same could not be said for Sonya, who was livid. “Don’t you dare think you can actually be Lucian’s wife just because Essie called you her mommy. There are tons of people out there who dream about being in this position. Aubree’s gone now, but there’ll soon be another one. In any case, it'll never be you.”
Even so, Roxanne ignored her and coaxed Estella softly.
Just then, Lucian stepped forward and stood between Roxanne and Sonya, growling, “Only she can be my wife! If you don’t agree, I'll gladly give up my position as the CEO of Farwell Group!”
Both Sonya and Roxanne were dumbfounded by his words. Sonya knew how much Lucian liked Roxanne, but she had never imagined he would give up Farwell Group for Roxanne. Roxanne, too, was stupefied.
She had never thought that Lucian would go to such lengths for her. 
###Chapter 1316
Chapter 1316
After a prolonged moment of silence, Sonya said with a gloomy look on her face, “You're going to go that far for her, huh? Fine! I'll leave so | won't get in the way of your happy little family!”
She turned around and was about to leave when Lucian called out to her, “You should stay in the manor for today. | have something to announce once Essie feels better.”
Sonya paused in her tracks and shot him a confused glance. “What is it?”
This is the first time Lucian has asked me to stay over at the manor, so whatever it is he wants to announce must be very important. Wait a minute... He said he was fine with giving up his position as CEO of Farwell Group earlier... Is that what he’s going to announce? This is all Roxanne’s fault! Lucian wouldn’t have made such irrational decisions if it weren't for her!
Sonya turned toward Roxanne and shot her a vicious glare. Roxanne simply ignored her gaze and continued comforting Estella.
“You'd better think this through, Lucian. Ask yourself if that woman is worth you giving up Farwell Group!” Sonya warned Lucian with a furious look in her eyes.
Lucian could tell from Sonya’s behavior that she was starting to get scared.
“Just because | have something to announce doesn’t necessarily mean it’s about Farwell Group, so you have nothing to worry about.”
Sonya paused and looked suspiciously at them for a few seconds before going up the stairs.
Realizing that Aubree and Sonya were gone from the living room, Estella slowly stopped sobbing and looked up at Roxanne with tears in her eyes.
Roxanne felt her heart ache when she met Estella’s eyes. “Don’t worry, Essie. I'll be sure to protect you.”
Essie must've suffered a lot while she was under Aubree’s care... Just thinking about what she said earlier makes me hate her even more! Essie couldn't even talk at the time! How could she do that to her?
She was snapped out of her train of thought when Lucian whispered in her ear, “I’m sorry.”
Roxanne looked up at him in confusion.
Lucian was plagued with guilt when he looked at them and recalled what Estella had said while she was crying earlier.
He walked up to Estella and flashed her an apologetic look. “I’m sorry | didn’t take good care of you.”
Estella simply sniffled and shook her head profusely in response.
“You've disliked Aubree for the past six years. | can’t believe | never realized the actual reason behind it...” Lucian continued with a look of regret in his eyes.
Estella reached out and caressed his cheek as she said, “It’s not your fault, Daddy! She’s the bad person here! She’s the worst!”
| had wanted to tell Daddy about it through text before, but Ms. Pearson lied to me and said Daddy would never kick her out. She even threatened to hit me even harder if | tried to tell Daddy, so | had no choice but to put up with her. Now | realize she was lying all along! Not only would Daddy kick her out, but he would also punish her severely!
Lucian gave Estella a kiss on the back of her hand before shifting his gaze toward Roxanne. “I’m sorry,” he said apologetically. Roxanne frowned in confusion, as she didn’t know what he was apologizing to her for. Even so, she couldn’t help but comfort him when she saw how guilty he felt.
“You are indeed at fault for placing Essie in Aubree’s care for six years. However, the fact that Essie likes you so much indicates that you provide her with a strong sense of security, so you must've been a good father. Whatever happened is in the past. You've already punished Aubree for what she did, so that’s enough to make up for your mistakes.” 
###Chapter 1317
Chapter 1317
Noticing that Lucian still had a look of guilt in his eyes, Roxanne pursed her lips and held his hand as she added, “Nothing like that will happen to Essie ever again.”
“We'll do our best to protect Essie too!” Archie and Benny chimed in. The look in Lucian’s eyes softened up a little after he heard that, much to Roxanne’s relief. “Maybe | should bring Essie over to my place for the day. She has been through quite a lot today,” she suggested.
Roxanne could tell that Estella was still unable to accept Sonya, so she was worried that Lucian’s decision to have Sonya stay over at the manor would affect Estella’s emotional state.
Estella wrapped her arms tightly around Roxanne’s neck upon hearing that as she wanted to stay with her.
However, Lucian did not approve of Roxanne’s suggestion. “Take her to the bedroom and get some rest. Essie won't pay too much attention to anything else with you around.”
Roxanne was a little hesitant to do so, but Estella nodded profusely in agreement. I'm not afraid of anyone as long as Aunt Roxanne is with me!
Roxanne couldn't bring herself to say no when she saw the expectant look in Estella’s eyes. Eventually, she gave in and brought the three kids over to Estella’s bedroom.
Lucian, Cayden, and Cory were the only ones remaining in the living room.
Having witnessed Lucian unleash his wrath upon Aubree earlier, Cory was exceptionally cautious when approaching Lucian. “M- Mr. Farwell...”
Whatever warmth Lucian had in his eyes had disappeared when he turned around and asked, “How much do you want?” “T-Thirty million will suffice!” Cory replied nervously while holding up three fingers.
Lucian turned around and instructed Cayden, “Go ahead and pay him three hundred thousand. | do not want to hear anything about him in Chanaea starting tomorrow!”
Cory was frozen in shock when he heard that.
Wait a minute... Did | hear that right? Three hundred thousand? That’s a hundred times lesser than what | asked for! Paying thirty million is a piece of cake for someone as wealthy as Lucian, so why isn’t he willing to pay me the full amount?
Cayden then stuffed a check worth three hundred thousand into Cory’s coat pocket.
“You nearly helped Aubree get rid of Ms. Estella, so be grateful that you’re even getting paid at all. In fact, you should consider yourself lucky that Mr. Farwell didn’t have you killed. Now, take this money and get lost!”
Having snapped out of his dazed state, Cory shifted his gaze between the check and Lucian’s icy-cold expression. “P-Please forgive me, Mr. Farwell! | have a huge gambling debt! They'll kill me if | don’t pay up! Please help me!”
As though he didn’t hear a word Cory said, Lucian simply stared silently at him with no emotion whatsoever.
Cayden grabbed Cory by the arm and began dragging him toward the door. “Shut up, or I'll take this check back as well!”
Cory struggled with all of his might, but he couldn’t break free from Cayden’s vice-like grip. Cayden opened the front door and tossed him out like a bag of trash.
Cory’s face went completely pale as he watched the mansion door close in front of him. This is all Aubree’s fault! | wouldn't be in this position if it weren’t for her!
“I've taken care of him, Mr. Farwell. The guys from Marsingfill will be informed of his location tomorrow,” Cayden said as he made his way over to Lucian.
Lucian simply nodded without saying anything. Cayden glanced at the back garden as he continued cautiously, “Mr. Farwell, about the decorations in the back garden...”
The look on Lucian’s face changed slightly when he heard Cayden mention the back garden. After a brief pause, he turned around and made his way toward the back garden. 
###Chapter 1318
Chapter 1318
The expensive plants had all been replaced with some unimpressive flowers, and the walls were decorated with strips of colorful lights.
Unsure if Lucian was satisfied with the decoration, Cayden explained, “I kept the decoration simple as per your instructions, Mr. Farwell.”
The look in Lucian’s eyes slowly grew gentle as he scanned the back garden. “This will do. Did you bring the item | asked for?” Cayden quickly whipped out an exquisite velvet box and handed it over to him.
The cold look on Lucian’s face vanished completely when he opened the box and saw its content.
Exhausted from crying, Estella fell asleep while lying in Roxanne’s arms.
Roxanne didn’t get any sleep throughout the entire afternoon. The incident with Aubree left her feeling a little tired as well, so she decided to take a nap on Estella’s bed.
Seeing as Roxanne and Estella were fast asleep, Archie and Benny left the room to avoid disturbing them. Upon arriving at the balcony, they saw Lucian and Cayden discussing something in the back garden. They couldn’t hear what the two were saying, but they could see Cayden handing Lucian a tiny box.
As the boys got on their tiptoes to get a better look, they saw something shiny inside the box.
Benny's eyes lit up as he asked excitedly, “Is Daddy going to propose to Mommy?”
After all, it was obvious that the item inside the box was a ring.
Archie was a little surprised as well, but he frowned in confusion moments later.
That evil woman just caused a huge scene not long ago, though. Is Daddy really going to propose to Mommy so soon? Now that | think about it, Daddy probably wanted Grandma to stay over so she could witness his proposal.
Archie’s confusion was soon replaced by excitement and anticipation.
The boys were tempted to wake Roxanne up and bring her to Lucian right away, but they held themselves back when they recalled her having a mild fever earlier that morning.
They had no choice but to wait in anticipation for Roxanne to wake up later that evening. Fortunately for them, Roxanne wasn’t asleep for too long. She groggily climbed out of bed at around eight in the evening, only to realize that Estella was no longer lying in her arms.
As she glanced around the room, she saw her sitting on the carpet with Archie and Benny. The three of them were huddled together and seemed to be whispering among themselves.
Archie was the first to notice Roxanne waking up, so he quickly called out to her, “Mommy! You're finally awake!”
The kids then stood up and made their way over to the bed.
“What were you three whispering about?” Roxanne shifted her gaze toward Estella. “And when did you wake up, Essie? How come | didn’t notice?”
Estella narrowed her eyes and broke into a smile as she replied, “I wasn’t really tired because | took a nap at noon, so | got up after a while.”
Roxanne had wanted to ask how she was feeling, but she held her tongue when she saw the smile on Estella’s face.
Seeing as she was already feeling a lot better, Roxanne decided not to bring it up and simply patted her on the head.
“We're hungry, Mommy! Let’s go downstairs and have dinner!” Benny exclaimed while tugging at her arm.
Roxanne gasped in shock when she checked the time and saw that it was already eight.
Oh my goodness! Why didn’t anyone wake me up?
“You kids must be starving. I’m sorry | overslept,” Roxanne said as she got out of bed and brought the kids downstairs.
There were a few dishes on the dining table, but no one was around.
Roxanne felt a little bad for sleeping past dinner time.
Everyone else must've eaten dinner because they couldn’t wait for me any longer. | feel so bad... Good thing they reserved some food for us. 
###Chapter 1319
Chapter 1319
Roxanne was a little worried that Estella would be unhappy that Lucian wasn’t around to dine with them.
To her surprise, however, Estella was smiling happily as she munched away on her food. It was as though she didn’t even mind if Lucian was there.
Roxanne felt her heart ache when she saw that.
Is Lucian really so busy that he barely has time to spend with his daughter? That probably explains why Estella is recovering so slowly...
Roxanne was about to bring the kids back upstairs after dinner when Catalina entered the living room and said, “Mr. Farwell is waiting for you in the back garden, Ms. Jarvis.”
Having witnessed the incident earlier that afternoon, Catalina was tempted to address Roxanne as “Mrs. Farwell.” However, she chose not to, as she figured it would make her uncomfortable.
Roxanne paused and stared at the kids after hearing that.
What does Lucian want to see me for? Would it be convenient to bring the kids with me?
“We want to go too, Mommy!” Benny exclaimed while tugging at Roxanne’s arm.
Estella chimed in as well, “I want to go too, Aunt Roxanne!”
Archie simply stood there without saying a word, but the look in his eyes gave his intention away.
Unable to bring herself to say no to them, Roxanne asked Catalina, “He didn’t say anything about bringing the kids along, right?” Catalina shook her head after giving it some thought and stepped aside to make way for them.
Roxanne then held Benny’s and Estella’s hands while Archie walked to the front.
The four of them walked out of the mansion and made their way toward the back garden.
Roxanne frowned in confusion when she saw that the place was in total darkness.
Huh? Didn’t Lucian say he was waiting here for me?
“Lucian?” she called out to him.
Asecond later, the entire garden was illuminated by a light that gradually grew brighter.
Roxanne’s eyes went wide with surprise when she saw the traditional medicine in the back garden.
Noble dendrobium, jasmine, golden-and-silver honeysuckle...
Roxanne could name almost every plant in the back garden. She also knew that they weren't worth a lot of money, but they were essential ingredients in traditional medicine.
The fact that such plants were found in the back garden of the Farwell residence came as a huge surprise for her.
What is Lucian playing at?
“This garden used to be filled with expensive roses and peonies, but you didn’t like them. After giving it some thought, | decided to have someone replace them all with plants related to traditional medicine instead,” Lucian said.
Roxanne glanced in the direction of his voice and saw him walking along a tiny path as he made his way toward her.
For some reason, Roxanne felt exceptionally nervous when she saw him approaching. She even thought about turning around and running off.
As though the kids had read her mind, they grabbed hold of her arms and held her in place. All Roxanne could do was watch as Lucian walked right up to her.
He stared affectionately into her eyes as he said, “I caused you a lot of suffering six years ago because | failed to acknowledge my true feelings for you. After you left me, | realized | couldn’t live without you.”
He kept his gaze fixated on Roxanne as he retrieved the ring from his back pocket and slowly knelt before her.
“| know | rushed things a little too much lately, which caused you a lot of problems as a result. Would you be willing to give me another chance by marrying me again?” 
###Chapter 1320
Chapter 1320
Roxanne was stunned to see the man in front of her getting down on one knee.
Am | dreaming? Lucian is... proposing to me? Why would he do such a thing? He skipped this part when we got married six years ago.
At that instant, Roxanne felt a little lightheaded. She could not believe what was happening right before her eyes. She instinctively wanted to flee but was held back by the three children as soon as she took a step backward.
“Mommy, Mr. Farwell means it. Please say yes. He’s been preparing for this moment for quite some time. We saw him getting ready since afternoon,” Benny blurted.
Roxanne’s resolve began to waver after hearing that.
What the children witnessed was only Lucian’s preparation in the afternoon. Little did they know how much time he had invested in turning all the flowers in the garden into traditional medicinal herbs.
| wonder how much time Lucian spent getting everything ready.
“Come on, Aunt Roxanne, say yes to Daddy! | want us to become a family,” urged Estella. One by one, the kids started persuading her to answer in the affirmative.
Meanwhile, Lucian was staring at her, the look in his deep, dark eyes as determined as ever.
“I've pondered a lot during your absence in the past six years. Now that you’re back in my life, | swear I'll never disappoint you again. I'll protect you and also take care of our children. Please trust me once more, Roxanne.”
His hand that was holding the ring didn’t move once as he spoke, not even an inch.
“Mommy, Mr. Farwell is the only person we want to be our Daddy!” exclaimed Archie and Benny simultaneously. Roxanne’s eyes darted from side to side as she started having second thoughts.
She was wondering whether Lucian’s proposal was merely a gesture to make up for their marriage six years ago.
No matter how hard she tried to let go of her past, it kept coming back to haunt her, for she was deeply hurt by that horrible marriage.
There was no way she could forget what was already etched in her heart.
In fact, just the word “marriage” would make her shake in her boots, especially when it came from the person kneeling before her —the culprit of her failed marriage.
Roxanne truly wanted to have more faith in Lucian.
After all, he had been treating her with utmost sincerity since their reunion.
Unfortunately, the sufferings she went through six years ago were still buried deep within her heart, hindering her from reaching out to accept the proposal ring.
To Roxanne, the ring was an absolute burden, but the children’s constant urging prompted her to consider their feelings and needs.
Indeed, the two kids needed a father figure in their lives, and their biological father was standing right in front of them!
I've been keeping this secret from the kids for so many years. Now that they finally have someone to call “Daddy,” how could | be so cruel and take that away from them? Moreover, they’ve directly expressed their love for Lucian...
After contemplating, she gave in. The pain from the heartbreak she suffered was no match for the guilt she felt toward her children.
When she moved her arm slightly and was about to accept the ring, a loud and clear barking cough rang out from a nearby corner.
Roxanne’s hand froze in mid-air as she looked in the direction of the sound and saw Sonya, who appeared out of nowhere. Displeased, the older woman was glowering at her as well as Archie and Benny who were standing next to her. With that, Roxanne slowly withdrew her outstretched arm.
No, now is not the right time yet. Back then, | selfishly ran away when | was pregnant, neglecting the kids’ feelings. If | were to let them reunite with the Farwell family, | should at least wait until everyone has accepted them without a qualm. 
###Chapter 1321
Chapter 1321
When Lucian saw that Roxanne was going to retreat, his gaze swept across Estella.
“Do you really have the heart to decline? Essie dreams about having a mother. Could you bear to keep her waiting? You've already been absent from her life for six long years!”
His words left Roxanne totally baffled.
She looked down at Estella in shock, wondering what Lucian meant.
Is it what | think it is?
The two kids had yet to realize what Lucian was talking about and simply looked at the two adults innocently.
Roxanne took a deep breath and forced herself to stay calm. Then, she turned to Lucian and asked, “What are you talking about? What do you mean when you said I’ve been absent from Essie’s life for six long years? I’m just...”
| was just an outsider to Essie. Why did he say that? The person who has missed out on watching Essie grow up should be her biological mother, no?
“Lucian, what has gotten into you?” Sonya never wanted Roxanne to be a part of the Farwell family.
Furthermore, since Estella had just gone through an eventful afternoon, Sonya was afraid it would be too much for the little girl to take if she discovered the truth all within the same day.
Thus, she strode toward Lucian in frustration, trying to prevent him from saying further.
It was then that Cayden stepped forward and blocked her.
“Mrs. Farwell, Mr. Farwell is proposing right now. | think it’s best you leave them alone.”
Cayden’s tone was polite yet assertive. “Don’t you want Ms. Estella to grow up having a complete family?”
Sonya grimaced and shouted, “Get lost! Who do you think you are to meddle with the affairs of the Farwell family?”
Cayden kept his cool and insisted, “This is the instruction given to me by Mr. Farwell. All you need to do is to stay where you are and be a witness.”
Although Cayden dared not lay a finger on Sonya, he was more than capable to get in the woman’s way and keep her away from Lucian.
Left with no choice, the livid Sonya could only gaze at the duo from afar.
She could tell that Roxanne was planning to turn Lucian down just now.
However, things might change if Roxanne found out that Estella was her daughter.
Before Sonya even had the chance to do something else, Lucian revealed the truth with full confidence.
“Essie is your biological daughter. Six years ago, someone dropped her off at the gate of the Farwell residence without saying a word. | have done the paternity test, and | have the results to prove that she’s our daughter.”
Words eluded Roxanne as her body stiffened.
Essie is my daughter?
At that instant, all the moments she had spent with Estella ever since she returned to the country flashed across her mind like a slideshow.
Immediately, she teared up.
Now | know why a familiar feeling crept up on me the first time | met her, and there’s no wonder she’s so attached to me. Essie is my own flesh and blood, my little baby whom | thought was stillborn.
Roxanne was inundated with both joy and sorrow at the same time. For a long while, she struggled to recollect herself.
Estella, who was holding Roxanne’s hand, was also in shock. She, too, could not believe her ears until Archie and Benny asked questions to clarify their relationship.
“Really? Essie is Mommy's child? She’s our biological sister?” Lucian nodded solemnly. Then, he turned to look at Roxanne and Estella.
“I'm sorry for keeping this secret from you all these while. | was just worried that if you reject me and we don’t end up together, both you and Essie would be downright disappointed. Essie, I’m so sorry for not telling you this earlier. Ms. Jarvis is the mother you've always wanted. It’s time you change the way you address her. She’s no longer your Aunt Roxanne.”
As soon as he finished his sentence, Estella burst out crying all of a sudden. She hugged Roxanne’s thigh tightly and bawled. “Mommy... Mommy...” 
###Chapter 1322
Chapter 1322
Estella’s wails snapped Roxanne out of her trance, and the woman found her face covered in tears.
“Oh Essie, I've missed you. | miss you so much....”
She pulled Estella into her embrace and tightened her arms around the little girl, wishing they would never be separated again. Not a day went by in the past six years without her missing the child she thought she had lost.
In fact, the thought of that child was the reason she was motivated to wake up from her previous coma.
Little did she know the child she had been missing dearly was right by her side all this while.
As she thought about everything Estella experienced in the past six years, she felt extremely guilty.
I've missed out on her life for so many years. Yet, since the day we met, she’s been helping me recover from my hurt and pain. “I'm so sorry... It’s all my fault...” Roxanne could not help but apologize profusely.
Meanwhile, tears started to well up in Archie and Benny's eyes.
They always knew they had a sister, but they thought she was gone.
As such, they had been caring for and loving Roxanne on behalf of their little sister as well.
Now that they found out that Estella, whom they had been taking care of, was their biological sister all along, the two boys were over the moon.
“Hooray! Our sister is alive, and she’s always been by our side!”
Benny wiped the tears off his face and looked at his brother, who also shed tears of joy. The latter then nodded vigorously at Benny.
Yes! This is great news! Lucian’s heart clenched in sorrow when he saw Roxanne and the kids sobbing uncontrollably.
“You didn’t do anything wrong, Roxanne. It was entirely my fault. | should have told you the truth the moment I found out you had no clue about Essie’s background, but | had too many reservations. If you need to blame someone, blame me.”
| never knew she thought Essie was dead all these years.
Lucian tightened his grip on the ring.
He could not imagine how devastating it must have been for her when she was told the baby was stillborn. | knew nothing! | even resented her for being so cruel to Essie when we finally reunited.
Meanwhile, Sonya, too, was dumbfounded. She had always assumed that Roxanne was a heartless person who abandoned her husband and child.
That woman thought Essie was dead? Then, how was Essie sent back to the Farwell residence?
Roxanne kept Estella locked in her arms and wept for what felt like an eternity before she gradually regained her composure and turned to Lucian who was still down on one knee.
“What took you so long to tell me? Do you have any idea how much I’ve missed her? I’ve always thought... my daughter was dead!”
Over the years, she had lost count of the times she woke up from her sleep crying whenever she thought about her stillborn child.
Guilt and self-reproach inundated Lucian as Roxanne questioned him.
Why? Why did | worry so much? Why did | have so many reservations? He was dying for an answer too.
If only | had told her about this earlier, could there be a different ending to our story?
Unfortunately, it was too late for such wishful thinking.
Truth be told, he had missed the best time to reveal the secret to Roxanne.
If she had found out earlier, would she cry less?
“This is wonderful, Mommy! Essie is our little sister!” Benny exclaimed, exhilarated as he hugged Roxanne’s thigh after he was done crying.
Archie bobbed his head in delight, whereas the mother-and-daughter duo could not stop the tears from streaming down their faces.
Lucian stood up and immediately wrapped his arms around the two. 
###Chapter 1323
Chapter 1323
Roxanne felt Lucian’s arms wrapped tightly around her, and her voice gradually grew weaker until only faint sobs were heard from her.
“Why... Why did you...”
Lucian was a man who had dominated the business world for many years, but in the face of Roxanne’s tears and questioning, he had no idea how to respond. All he could do was apologize repeatedly.
“We want hugs too!” Archie and Benny exclaimed as they hopped around with joy.
Happiness was the only emotion left within them after all the crying.
To them, the hug they shared was a hug of joy and excitement.
Roxanne slowly recollected herself and felt slightly embarrassed when she heard the children’s voices.
I can’t believe | cried so hard in front of the kids...
She then looked at Estella’s tear-streaked face as the little girl nestled in her arms and couldn't help breaking into a smile. She’s back! My little angel whom | thought | lost is back, and she’s right in my arms!
Roxanne swore to herself that she would never abandon Estella ever again.
The grim look in Lucian’s eyes eased away when he saw Roxanne smiling.
Noticing Archie and Benny's eagerness to give them a hug, Lucian bent over and embraced the two little boys as a look of tenderness surfaced in his eyes.
At that moment, Archie and Benny were filled with joy, for they found their sister and were hugged by their father.
All of a sudden, Lucian let go of them.
Just as the two boys were confused as to what was going on, a shiny thing appeared in their line of sight.
Upon taking a closer look, they realized it was the ring that Lucian had used to propose moments ago.
“Can you please do me a favor and put this ring on your Mommy's finger?”
Lucian’s tone carried an unprecedented gentleness that Archie and Benny had never heard before.
The boys exchanged glances. Of course, they would be happy to help Lucian.
Since Estella could already change the way she addressed Roxanne, the boys wanted to address Lucian as “Daddy” too. Benny carefully took his mother’s hand while Archie slowly slid the ring through her finger.
When their mission was completed, they looked up at Roxanne in anticipation.
However, Roxanne was busy trying to comfort Estella at the moment. Her mind was in such a mess that she didn’t have the time to pay attention to what the boys were doing though she had sensed something.
“Please stop crying, Essie. | will never leave you again. | promise,” said Roxanne, assuring the little girl. “From now on, I'll protect you. | won't let anyone bully our Essie. You’re my precious little baby.”
The woman patted Estella’s back as she spoke.
Estella was struggling to keep her emotions in check after going through such an eventful day.
When she heard Roxanne’s promise to her, she asked through sobs, “R-Really? You won’t leave me, Mommy?”
Roxanne felt her heart clench when she saw how red Estella’s eyes were from all the crying. She held out her hand without hesitation and said, “Let's make a pinky promise! From now on, | promise to take you wherever | go!”
Archie and Benny's eyes were filled with anticipation when they saw their mother’s action.
Lucian, too, felt uneasy, which was a first.
Roxanne caught sight of something shiny out of the corner of her eyes, but she did not pay much attention to it. She was focusing on Estella.
However, Estella fixed her gaze on Roxanne’s hand.
A few seconds later, she smiled through her tears and exclaimed excitedly, “Mommy, did you say yes to Daddy? Then we're going to be a family! Mommy, you won't leave anymore!”
Overjoyed, she wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s neck and hugged the woman tightly. Roxanne froze in shock. When did | say yes?
As she glanced in the direction where the little girl was staring just now, she noticed the diamond ring that Lucian was holding was currently on her finger.
Roxanne remembered the strange sensation she had felt earlier and looked down at Archie and Benny, who were standing by her side.
The boys were smiling adorably. 
###Chapter 1324
Chapter 1324
Roxanne then turned to look at Lucian, who was gazing affectionately at her. The tender glow in his eyes hindered her from questioning and blaming him.
“Mommy, please say yes to Mr. Farwell!” Benny pleaded with his cute voice. He grabbed Roxanne’s arm and swung it back and forth, his tiny face filled with anticipation.
Archie, who was usually reticent, piped up to express his opinion as well. “Mommy, since Essie is our biological sister, you should give her a complete family!”
Roxanne felt guilty when she heard the boys’ words.
Archie is referring to himself, too. Ever since they were old enough to understand things, they've always wanted a daddy, but they never expressed their feelings because of me. Deep down, they must yearn for a complete family too! But...
Roxanne lifted her head and stared at Sonya, who was standing far away.
Sonya was standing in the corner where the light didn’t reach, and half of her body was concealed within the darkness.
The light shone on her face as she looked at Estella, her eyes filled with sorrow and distress.
However, when she met Roxanne’s eyes, her expression turned cold and indifferent yet again.
Roxanne looked away bitterly and regarded Archie and Benny, who were anxiously waiting for her answer. Guilt inundated her. Her reckless decision years ago had turned the boys into monsters in the eyes of their biological grandmother.
Roxanne hoped Sonya would sincerely accept the two boys with open arms, and not only because they were part of the Farwell family.
“Mommy?” Archie and Benny called out anxiously when they noticed Roxanne remaining silent.
Roxanne returned to her senses. A look of conflict flashed across her eyes, but she quickly made up her mind. She placed Estella back down and looked at the boys. “Bring Essie inside first.”
Archie and Benny seemed to have sensed something and stubbornly refused to leave.
Roxanne ruffled their hair in reassurance. “Don’t worry. | have already made a promise to Essie. We won't ever be apart again.” Archie gazed at his mother momentarily before turning to look at Benny and Estella. “Let's go inside.” Reluctance was written all over Benny and Estella’s faces when they heard that.
However, among the three of them, Archie was the decision-maker.
In the end, Benny and Estella gave in after a few moments of wordless stalemate.
Estella puffed her cheeks unhappily and held out her hand. “Mommy, pinky promise! We didn’t do it just now!” Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief and smiled as she hooked her pinky finger with Estella’s.
Only then did the children turn and enter the mansion.
Roxanne turned around and calmly looked at the man before her as she took off the ring on her finger. Upon seeing what she was doing, the other three people in the garden, including Cayden, changed their expressions in unison.
Cayden was totally baffled. | don’t understand. Now that things have come down to this, why is Mrs. Farwell still rejecting Mr. Farwell?
Sonya, on the other hand, let out a long sigh of relief.
Looks like Roxanne is still sensible enough to know that the Farwell family will not accept her!
Lucian watched as the woman took off the ring. His expression turned grim as bewilderment flashed across his eyes. “Sorry, but | still need time to consider your proposal.”
Roxanne smiled apologetically. “I’m happy that Essie is my child, and I’m grateful that you took great care of her, but this shouldn’t be the reason we remarry.”
Lucian fixed his gaze on the woman before him and felt a sense of relief wash over him.
Indeed, my proposal was too sudden. | didn’t give her time to prepare herself mentally. Plus, | can’t compensate for all the harm | caused her six years ago in just one day. 
###Chapter 1325
Chapter 1325
“Okay. I'll wait for you.”
Lucian suppressed his disappointment and said, “You can take your time to think it over. There’s no rush. I’m willing to wait for as long as you need.”
He then glanced at the diamond ring in Roxanne’s hand. “I hope you can keep the ring. Put it on when you've thought it through. I'll know your answer by then.”
Roxanne was touched when she heard that. The guilt she felt grew more intense as she said, “Thank you.” She found it difficult to tell Lucian the reason she rejected him.
It wasn’t because she did not believe him but because she felt she had wronged Archie and Benny. Cayden heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Roxanne keep the ring.
Looks like Mr. Farwell still stands a chance, and a good chance at that!
However, Sonya’s expression darkened.
| knew it! She’s leaving my son hanging! I'd never let someone like her become a part of the Farwell family! Just as Sonya was thinking about how to make Roxanne give up, the latter suddenly walked toward her.
She scrunched her eyebrows and stared at the younger woman unhappily. “Why did you come over here? So what if Lucian proposed to you? I’d never accept you as part of our family!”
Roxanne grinned. “Mrs. Farwell, I'm not expecting you to change your impression of me so easily either. | just hope you would treat Archie and Benny better for Essie’s sake. After all, they’re just children. If there’s anything, please come after me instead.”
Sonya looked at Roxanne suspiciously when she heard the latter’s words.
What does she mean by that? Why do | have to treat those two b*stards better for Essie’s sake? Just because she gave birth to Estella doesn’t mean she can act all high and mighty before me!
Sonya’s expression turned grim when her train of thought ended there. “I don’t need you to tell me what | should or should not do!”
Helplessness flashed past Roxanne’s eyes, but she did not say anything more as she turned around and entered the mansion. Lucian followed after her.
Meanwhile, the children were worried about the result of their parents’ discussion as they sat on the couch with frowns marring their countenances.
They looked toward Lucian and Roxanne in unison when they saw them walking in. “Mommy!” The children jumped down the couch in an orderly manner and ran toward Roxanne excitedly.
The light in their eyes dimmed when they noticed that the ring on Roxanne’s finger was gone. They exchanged glances with each other wordlessly, refusing to be the first to talk.
In the end, Mommy still didn’t say yes to Daddy... Archie and Benny glanced at each other, their eyes filled with disappointment.
When can we change the way we address Mr. Farwell? We really want a daddy...
Taking note of the children’s disappointment, Roxanne felt sorry for them but did not know how to explain it to them. After a moment of silence, she changed the topic abruptly. “It’s getting late. We should go home.”
Initially, if things had gone according to Lucian’s plan and the proposal had been a success, Roxanne would have stayed the night at the manor.
However, since she rejected him, she had no reason to stay any longer. The children got even more upset when they heard that Roxanne wanted to leave. Roxanne frowned as she stared at the children’s expressions, troubled.
Just as she was wondering how she should persuade the kids, Lucian suddenly spoke up. “Let Essie go home with you tonight. You've just reunited with each other as mother and daughter, so I’m sure Essie is reluctant to part with you.”
The children’s eyes lit up when they heard that. Estella looked up at Roxanne with wide eyes that were filled with hope. Roxanne had the same thought, but she did not expect Lucian to suggest it first.
Smiling, she bent over to pick Estella up. “Of course, you will come home with me, Essie. | promised you we won’t ever be apart again.” 
###Chapter 1326
Chapter 1326
“I'll send you guys home.” Wearing a tender expression, Lucian stared at his four loved ones, who were visibly happy.
The children were over the moon when they heard that Lucian would be sending them home, so much so that they could not help but cheer out loud.
Initially, Roxanne was hesitant about Lucian’s suggestion. However, when she saw how happy the children were and the man’s affectionate gaze, she could not bring herself to turn him down.
Carrying Estella with one arm, she was about to reach out and take the boys’ hands when Lucian bent down to pick them up. “Wow! It’s so tall!”
Excitement was written all over Benny’s face when Lucian carried him.
Archie obediently stayed put in Lucian’s arms, struggling to suppress his excitement.
Roxanne could not help but smile when she saw how exhilarated the boys were. She picked up her pace and trailed behind Lucian.
When Sonya entered the manor, Roxanne and the others were already gone. “Where’s Lucian?” she asked Catalina coldly. Sonya was unhappy to witness Lucian’s proposal to Roxanne and wanted to have a chat with her son.
Asense of relief washed over Catalina when she thought of the rare happy smiles etched across Lucian and Roxanne’s faces when they left.
“Mr. Farwell just left, but I'm afraid | don’t know where he went,” she replied vaguely.
Sonya was no fool, and she wouldn’t just let the matter go. As such, she narrowed her eyes and pressed on. “How about Roxanne?”
Catalina instantly felt uneasy. However, she had no choice but to speak the truth. “She went home.” Sonya’s expression darkened when she heard that.
Roxanne is going home at this late hour. Do | even need to ask where my son went? He must’ve sent that woman home! She rejected his proposal, yet he’s still treating her so well!
Sonya’s rage boiled over when she thought of the possibility that Lucian had brought Estella along.
Why is the son that | raised so eager to please this woman? To make matters worse, it's a woman that rejected him twice! That fact alone was enough for Sonya to forbid Roxanne from stepping foot into the Farwell residence again.
Deep down, Catalina heaved a sigh when she saw Sonya’s grim, infuriated expression.
Sometimes, she wanted to help Lucian convince Sonya, but she was merely a servant, and she was aware that Sonya looked down on her.
Thus, nothing she said would be of any help.
Catalina was mindful not to add fuel to the fire as she carefully spoke. “Mrs. Farwell, it’s getting late. Please rest early!”
Sonya shot her an icy glare. “Don’t think | don’t know you’re Roxanne’s accomplice!”
Catalina bowed her head and kept quiet.
After a while, she heard Sonya’s heavy footsteps walking toward the entrance.
Catalina panicked and hurried over. “Mrs. Farwell, where are you going? Mr. Farwell instructed me to let you stay the night here since it’s late.”
Sonya stopped in her tracks and, without even looking over her shoulder, replied, “What? Are you worried that I'll go pick on Roxanne? It's so late. | don’t care if she’s not tired. | am!”
Catalina felt puzzled when she heard that.
Then where is she storming away to?
“How can | fall asleep watching my son jump into a trap?” Sonya huffed angrily. With that, she marched out of the manor.
This time, Catalina did not get in her way.
She only wished Sonya would come around as soon as possible and realize that Lucian and Estella’s happiness was of utmost importance.
Ever since Roxanne returned, Lucian, who was usually aloof and indifferent, started to express more of his emotions. Estella’s autistic condition was gradually improving as well.
This family needs Ms. Jarvis... 
###Chapter 1327
Chapter 1327
In the meantime, Lucian was driving Roxanne and the kids back to Roxanne’s place. Roxanne felt uneasy throughout the whole ride, for she assumed the man had something to say because he was driving unusually slowly.
However, as the car slowly came to a stop in front of the mansion, Lucian still remained silent. The woman's anxiousness was replaced with confusion.
In contrast, the kids were chattering and having fun at the back. When the car stopped, they didn’t cease playing as they hopped off the vehicle and chased each other around in the yard.
As soon as the kids were out of hearing range, Roxanne asked, “Do you have something to say to me?” She thought Lucian felt uncomfortable talking to her in front of the children. Yet, the man merely smiled at her. “I just wanted to stay with you guys for a little longer, that’s all.”
He gazed at Roxanne and continued with a sigh, “I don’t know when you'll give me an answer, and I’m worried that you'll run away again. You won't run away again, will you?”
A glint of guilt flashed across her eyes as her lips curved into a sheepish smile. “I won't. | already promised you that I'll think about it, so I'll definitely give you an answer.”
Relief flooded Lucian when he heard her words. He slowly rolled the window back up. “Rest early. Good night.” Roxanne waved him goodbye with a smile. “Drive safe.”
After sending Lucian off, she turned to look at the three kids helplessly.
The kids were fooling around, huddling closely together as they had fun.
Archie and Benny embraced Estella excitedly. “Yay, we won't have to be apart anymore! You're our sister! We'll treat you a thousand times, no, a million times, better than before!”
Estella’s eyes squinted as a wide smile spread across her face. “I’ll do the same to you both!”
After declaring their promises, they ran to Roxanne’s side.
Roxanne bent down and gave the trio a big hug. “All right. It’s getting late. Let’s go to bed.”
The kids weren't done playing but realized it was indeed late, so they obediently followed their mother into the house. “We want to sleep with Mommy and Essie too!” the boys protested in front of Roxanne’s bedroom.
Estella, too, looked up at Roxanne with puppy eyes, hoping Roxanne would let them all sleep together.
That was Roxanne'’s first time facing such a situation.
Ever since Archie and Benny were old enough, they had always slept in a separate room from her, and Roxanne had gotten used to that.
She didn’t expect the boys to oppose their sleeping arrangements one day.
“You're boys. Boys are different from girls, so you can’t sleep with Essie,” she patiently explained to the kids.
Even though they were still young, Roxanne figured she had to teach them about gender differences as early as possible.
The kids exchanged disappointed glances with each other. Knowing they couldn't refute their mother, they obediently complied, “Okay, then.”
Roxanne noted their disappointment and comforted, “Essie will always be with us. You can see her anytime you want to, so it isn’t necessary to sleep together.”
The children’s mood brightened again at her reassurance.
Roxanne heaved a relieved breath as she watched Archie and Benny return to their room. As she led Estella back to hers, she caught the excitement shining in Estella’s eyes. Estella kept calling her “Mommy” over and over again as though to prove she wasn’t dreaming.
Roxanne patiently acknowledged her each time. “l also have a mommy now!” Estella leaped into Roxanne’s embrace after coming out of the shower, smelling like baby soap.
Roxanne caught the little girl and chuckled. “You have always had a mommy. It’s just that | haven’t found you earlier. Now that | found you, I'll never let you go.” 
###Chapter 1328
Chapter 1328
In the meantime, Archie and Benny had switched off the lights and were lying on their beds in the darkness, but they couldn't fall asleep.
Benny climbed out of bed and crossed the room to Archie’s bedside. “Archie, say. Do you know why Mommy doesn’t want to marry Daddy?” he asked as he shook Archie’s arm.
Archie sat up with a troubled look on his face. “I don’t know either.”
He paused for a beat before the corners of his lips curled into a smile. “But we found our sister! Isn't that great?” he exclaimed as though to console Benny and himself.
Benny nodded fervently in agreement.
They had always thought Estella was their half-sister who shared a father with them. It was such a pleasant surprise to find out they shared the same parents.
That also meant their father had never cheated on their mother, and they were the ones who misunderstood Lucian from the start.
Their hearts soared with joy at the thought. “But when will Mommy tell Daddy we're also his children?”
Recalling how Lucian lifted them into his arms earlier, Benny couldn't hide his disappointment. “I also want to be like Essie. | want to have a mommy and a daddy. | don’t want to call Daddy ‘Mr. Farwell’ anymore.”
Daddy could lift us up so high into the air. Archie missed his father’s embrace as well but chose to put himself in his mother’s shoes. “Maybe Mommy has her own plans?”
Benny frowned as he speculated, “Do you think it’s because of Mr. Damaris? Mommy is close to him. He even gave her flowers. Do you think Mommy wants Mr. Damaris to be our daddy?”
Benny pursed his lips unhappily before continuing, “I like Daddy more! Daddy is more handsome than Mr. Damaris, and he cares for Mommy more than Mr. Damaris does!”
Archie pondered briefly before shaking his head and disagreeing with Benny. “I don’t think so. Mommy only considers Mr. Damaris a friend at most.”
After Mommy accepted Daddy, there is a massive difference in the way Mommy interacts with Mr. Damaris and Daddy. The look in Mommy’s eyes whenever she looks at Daddy is different from when she looks at Mr. Damaris.
Hearing Archie’s disagreement, Benny felt even more perplexed. “Then why didn’t Mommy say yes to Daddy?” Archie suddenly remembered Roxanne did reach out her hand when Lucian proposed, but she quickly withdrew her hand upon hearing their grandmother's coughing.
Realization dawned upon him when his train of thought ended there. He finally understood what his mother was thinking. “I got it!”
His eyes were gleaming brightly, but his eyebrows were furrowed. He felt bad for his mother. Noticing the change in Archie’s expression, Benny hurriedly held onto Archie’s arm. “Why? Tell me.”
Archie turned to Benny with a solemn look on his face. “It’s because of Grandma. She still hasn’t accepted Mommy and us. Mommy doesn’t want us to suffer with her, so she rejected Daddy.”
The light in Benny’s eyes dimmed when he heard Archie’s explanation. His heart clenched for his mother, too.
Indeed, Grandma’s attitude toward us and Mommy has always been terrible. | don’t understand why, though. What did Mommy ever do wrong to deserve such hatred from Grandma? Mommy is the best mother in the world in my eyes. I’m sure she felt pressured to reject Daddy because of Grandma. But she never tells us these. She keeps everything to herself. What should we do to get Grandma to accept Mommy? 
###Chapter 1329
Chapter 1329
Even though Roxanne and Estella had been by each other’s side a lot recently, their feelings toward each other were much different from before after the truth was revealed.
Roxanne had so much she wanted to tell her lost daughter. Similarly, Estella had a lot she wanted to say to her mother. The two lay in bed and chatted endlessly, never running out of topics to talk to each other about. “| drew a lot of pictures of me and my mommy, but none of those mommies in the pictures were as pretty as you.”
Estella looked at Roxanne with glee in her eyes, her smile so sweet and lovely that it softened Roxanne’s heart. “Now that | found you, can you draw pictures with me, Mommy?”
Roxanne’s heart nearly melted into a puddle at her question. “Sure. Let’s do everything together!” Estella’s eyes sparkled with delight. “Archie and Benny too! | want to do everything with them too!” Roxanne promised with a laugh, “Archie and Benny will be by your side too.”
“Mommy,” Estella suddenly whispered into Roxanne’s ear.
Playing along with the little girl, Roxanne put on a curious expression. “What's wrong?”
Estella said softly, “Can you tell me who is Archie’s and Benny’s daddy?”
Even though Mommy and Daddy are already together, | still wish they can progress to the next stage. | know this is something that’s been bothering Daddy.
The smile on Roxanne’s face stiffened ever so slightly when she heard Estella’s question.
Archie’s and Benny’s father... How am | supposed to tell Essie that she and the boys share the same parents? If | tell her the truth, will she ask why | refused to say yes to Lucian even though we are an actual family in the first place?
Despite knowing that Estella wouldn’t have thought of that question with her current level of intellect, Roxanne still couldn't help worrying about it.
“Archie’s and Benny's daddy... You'll know who he is in the future.” Roxanne gently caressed Estella’s head, her tone laced with guilt.
Disappointment crossed Estella’s face when she didn’t get the answer she wanted. But no matter who their father is, we will only share one daddy in the future!
With that thought in mind, Estella was once again filled with joy. “Then can they please come over so we could all sleep together?” she pleaded with an adorable voice.
Roxanne was about to decline the little girl's request when the latter burrowed deeper into her embrace. “I feel bad for them. | have a daddy and a mommy, but they only have a mommy.”
Roxanne was instantly guilt-ridden when Estella mentioned the absence of the boys’ father. As penitence got the better of her, she sighed internally and decided to make an exception just this one time. “Go on. Get your brothers to come over.”
Roxanne watched Estella put on her pajama and led her to the boys’ room.
In the boys’ room, Archie and Benny were sitting on Archie’s bed with looks of frustration on their faces. When they heard the knock on their door, they quickly concealed their troubled expressions before letting Roxanne enter. “You boys haven't slept yet? Good. Come over to our room, and let’s sleep together.”
Roxanne was confused when she saw the boys sitting on Archie’s bed but didn’t comment on it. “But you have to put on your pajamas.”
Elation immediately replaced the boys’ gloomy mood. They put on cute cow onesies before hopping to Roxanne’s room in excitement.
The three kids got even more worked up than they already were as they gathered together. Roxanne was already exhausted, but the children were still up and playing.
She regretted her decision of letting the kids sleep in the same room.
But since they’re already here, | can’t go back on my word. All | can do is stay up with them.
The children finally fell asleep at midnight. 
###Chapter 1330
Chapter 1330
When Roxanne woke up the next morning, the kids were huddled together in a tangle of limbs, hugging each other as they slept soundly. She had no idea how they ended up like that, but they showed no signs of waking up.
Warmth spread in Roxanne’s chest as she watched them sleep like babies.
Essie, my baby girl. I’m not dreaming. My daughter is really back!
Roxanne planted a kiss on each of their foreheads before heading downstairs to prepare breakfast for them. As her tumultuous emotions began to calm, she belatedly recalled something important.
Estella was born with Archie and Benny, but why was she sent to Lucian? Yet | was completely clueless about the whole incident. Also, it was evident from Lucian and Sonya’s attitudes that they didn’t know what happened either.
The possible reason behind it sent chills down Roxanne’s spine. Who could've done such a thing? What was that person’s motive for doing so? In the meantime, chaos erupted all over Horington when the news was revealed.
As one of the prestigious families in Horington, the Pearson family was prominent and capable. Coupled with the marriage contract they shared with the Farwell family, their status in society had always been stable.
However, the shares of one of the Pearson family’s branch companies’ plummeted overnight. Numerous comments and discussions regarding the incident flooded the internet.
One netizen commented: | heard the Pearson family has offended the Farwell family. This is the consequence of their action.
Another refuted: No way! The Farwell family and the Pearson family have a marriage contract with each other. They're basically one big family. Why would the Farwell family go up against the Pearson family?
One supplemented: You guys haven't heard about it? | heard through the grapevine that the Farwell family has long since planned to annul the marriage, and the Pearson family has been begging them not to.
That comment attracted more attention from the public. Meanwhile, Archie and Benny had just woken up in Roxanne’s place.
Archie habitually glimpsed at the stock market news to check the latest rise and fall of shares. As he flipped through the articles, he accidentally noticed the plummeting of shares of a Pearson family-affiliated corporation.
Many shareholders were discussing the matter on the internet.
Archie’s expression shifted subtly at the news.
Catching the look on his brother’s face, Benny walked over to his side in confusion. Archie tilted the screen to Benny, showing him the news.
“Whoa!” Benny's eyes sparkled. “Is it Daddy’s doing?”
Archie tilted his head to the side. “Who else could it be?”
Benny rubbed his palms together in exhilaration. “No, this isn’t enough. | have to add fuel to the fire. How dare that evil woman bully Mommy!”
He then reached for Archie’s computer, his fingers furiously typing away on the keyboard, writing a long comment.
Before long, the discussion on the internet took a new turn. Acomment read: Have any of you heard? The daughter of the Pearson family is actually a homewrecker!
Another netizen commented: That’s right! | heard she was the one who forced the legitimate wife away. | wonder what means she used to secure a marriage engagement with the Farwell family. No wonder the Farwell family delayed the wedding for so long!
Someone typed a question: What about now?
One of the netizens responded: The wife is back! Mr. Farwell repented and turned over a new leaf. Naturally, the homewrecker needs to be kicked out of the house!
That discussion soon reigned over the other speculations, and the netizens started condemning Aubree.
One of the netizens typed: Homewreckers are shameless!
Another netizen commented: | can’t believe she has the audacity to meddle in someone else’s marriage! How shameless! Asatisfied smile formed on Benny's lips as he read the public’s comments about Aubree.
Hmph! Evil woman! That'll show you for calling Mommy a homewrecker! You're the one who’s the homewrecker! 
###Chapter 1331
Chapter 1331
“Mr. Farwell!”
At Farwell Group, the staff in charge of publishing comments on the internet noticed a shift in the trend of the public’s opinion, so he hurriedly went to seek further instruction from Lucian.
Lucian glanced at the screen and furrowed his brows. He saw the internet was flooded with speculations about his relationship with Roxanne and criticisms toward Aubree.
“We didn’t do this. We merely released some news about the Pearson family. This statement mentioning the original spouse came out of nowhere. Should we attempt to sway the public opinion again?” the employee hurriedly explained.
Lucian rejected the suggestion. “That’s not needed. Just let it be. Find out where the statement about the original spouse stemmed from.”
The employee replied guiltily, “I investigated the source, but the information was leaked from a virtual IP address that does not correspond to a physical network interface...”
Hearing that, Lucian narrowed his eyes and was immediately reminded of the previous incident involving Pearson Group’s computer malfunction.
Farwell Group's technicians were considered one of the best in their expertise. Even so, they failed to find out the mastermind’s identity.
Could it be the same person this time? After all, that person scolded Aubree as an evil woman last time and is now sparking discussions on the internet about Aubree being a homewrecker. Homewrecker...
At the thought of that term, Archie and Benny’s faces flashed across Lucian’s mind.
Nevertheless, he quickly dismissed the idea. Those two boys are still so young. How could they be capable of accomplishing something like this? If the same person didn’t orchestrate these incidents, and my technicians fail to track the masterminds down on both occasions, | think it’s time for Farwell Group to hire new people.
He recollected his thoughts and instructed solemnly, “I got it. Ignore this matter for now. Update me again if there are any more changes in the trend.”
The employee let out an inward sigh of relief before promptly agreeing. Soon, opinions of varying stances appeared online.
Anetizen wrote: Let's not make random guesses without evidence to support our claim. The two families have yet to announce anything, right?
Another commented: That’s right. Don’t forget that Mr. Farwell had personally accompanied Ms. Pearson to the hospital and stayed by her side throughout the night before. There’s no way he would’ve done something like that if not out of true love.
After seeing that, Benny was speechless and at a loss for what to do. Daddy hasn’t made any official announcement, so | don’t suppose | can do that on his behalf, right?
Hence, he could only tap on his keyboard furiously to delete all the comments rooting for Aubree.
Still, the netizens posted more, no matter how many comments he deleted. Some people were even convinced by the remarks and switched sides to support Aubree.
Benny sulked as he couldn’t remove all the distasteful comments in time.
Yet, all of a sudden, the phrase “Marriage Engagement Between the Farwell and Pearson Family” suddenly entered the trending list. The word “Hot” was added in red capital letters at the back of the title.
After clicking into the title, more astonishing descriptions were displayed before Benny's eyes: Farwell Group declared the marriage engagement with the Pearson family had been canceled from today onward! The reason behind the Pearson family’s overnight downfall is shocking!
Benny was taken aback.
Following the statement released by Farwell Group, those posts discussing Lucian harboring true love toward Aubree gradually quieted down.
Anetizen even commented: Rumor has it Mr. Farwell brought his original spouse to the hospital and took care of her all night, not Aubree.
The netizen also deliberately attached the picture from the newspaper the other day and a photo of Aubree’s profile for comparison.
Upon scrutiny, although the person’s identity couldn’t be determined through the blurry profile, she was undoubtedly not Aubree. One netizen wrote: Although this is all we can see, | must say the original spouse’s facial features look prettier.
Another commented: Oh my! I’ve been complimenting the original spouse all along. She’s so gorgeous and is a match made in heaven with Mr. Farwell!
Subsequently, the public’s view on the internet did a one-eighty.
All of a sudden, Roxanne and Aubree became two starkly contrasting figures in the netizens’ opinion. 
###Chapter 1332
Chapter 1332
Meanwhile, at the Pearson residence, Aubree locked herself inside her room without consuming any food or water upon returning from the Farwell residence.
Asingle thought filled her mind for the entire day. I’m doomed. No one can save me this time. My life is completely ruined! | can’t believe that b*tch, Roxanne, told Lucian to let the police handle this matter. I’d rather die than spend the rest of my life in prison.
The more she dwelled on that, the more furious and terrified she became.
As a result, Aubree didn’t pay any attention to the news on the internet.
Samuel currently loved and hated his daughter at the same time.
Aubree was his only daughter, so how could he have the heart to send her to jail?
If she hadn't done those foolish things, the Pearson family wouldn’t have met its downfall.
Early in the morning, the person in charge of each of Pearson Group’s branch companies flooded his phone with calls.
All of them informed him about their companies’ stocks crashing out of control, and all their business partners requested to dissolve their collaborations.
Regardless of how much Samuel cared for Aubree as her father, the fatherly affection he harbored toward her gradually dissipated as he answered each call.
While he was boiling with rage, Gina, wearing a tear-stained face, rushed into the study.
“Samuel, bad news. Hurry up and look at this. How can these people on the internet criticize our family and Aubree in this manner?”
Gina wept almost immediately after reading the news on her phone that morning. The Pearson family had never endured such humiliation since they established their presence in Horington many years ago. Grimacing, Samuel took her phone and glanced at the screen.
He tightened his grip around the device when he read how the netizens berated the Pearson family to the extent of almost crushing the phone with his hand.
Unfilial daughter! That unfilial daughter! Does she realize how much trouble she has brought to the Pearson family? “What should we do now, Samuel?” Gina gazed imploringly at her husband in a daze.
Samuel was still mad, and in a fit of rage, he shoved her, causing the latter to fall to the ground. “All you know how to do is cry! You're useless during desperate times.”
With that, he stormed toward Aubree’s room and banged on her door. In a state of shock, Aubree showed no inclination to open the door. The next second, the sound of someone kicking the door reverberated suddenly.
Samuel booted the door as he scolded in a rage, “B*stard! Come out here and see the mess you made! What did | tell you yesterday? | asked you to go to the Farwell residence and apologize nicely. What did you do instead, you incompetent trash? You could’ve secured the position of Mrs. Farwell instead of letting Roxanne seize the opportunity if you didn’t act on your own accord!”
If she hadn’t treated Essie insincerely, the kid wouldn’t have refused to accept her even after so long, and Lucian wouldn’t have delayed fulfilling his promise to marry Aubree for six years!
The more Samuel thought about it, the angrier he got.
Overwhelmed by wrath, he successfully kicked down the door.
Aubree’s heart sank when she saw her father standing at the doorway with bloodshot eyes. He didn’t behave like this when | came home yesterday. Something must’ve happened again.
“What's the matter, Dad? What happened?” She gazed at her father in panic, wanting to inquire if the police were there to look for her.
Before she could do so, Samuel interrupted her, “How dare you ask that question! Look at what you’ve done!” He flung the phone at her as he spoke.
Aubree dodged on instinct, preventing the phone from hitting the corner of her eye.
She picked up the device and glanced at the screen.
The discussions on the internet continued refreshing, and the comments about the Pearson family latching onto the Farwell family had sunk to the bottom of the page.
Displayed before Aubree’s eyes were everyone’s compliments toward Roxanne and their disdain toward Aubree as the homewrecker. 
###Chapter 1333
Chapter 1333
“Ah!” cried out Aubree as she violently threw the phone in her hand away. “I'll ensure that b*tch, Roxanne, regrets the day she was born! She must be the one responsible. She has to be!”
With that, Aubree was about to rush out when Samuel stopped her in her tracks.
“Idiot! Have you forgotten about what happened at the Farwell residence yesterday? Do you actually think it’s a good idea to confront Roxanne now?” rebuked Samuel.
Aubree seemed even madder after listening to that. “You’re my father! Can you really sit by and do nothing while those people cursed at me online? Since our family has nothing left to lose, I’m going to drag that b*tch down to the abyss with me!”
At that point, Samuel could no longer hold his anger in, so he slapped his daughter so hard that she fell into her bed. “You're the reason our family is ruined, yet you show no remorse! In fact, you seem more than ready to repeat your mistakes. Now you listen to me well. | don’t care if you have to kneel before Lucian or grovel at his feet; you will convince the man to stop keeping our family in his crosshair because you're responsible for this mess! Otherwise, nobody can save you!”
If the Pearson family were to crumble and his daughter was to be subjected to legal procedures by then, Samuel would not be able to do anything even if he wanted to.
Nevertheless, all Aubree could hear after getting smacked was the buzzing sound in her ear. When she finally regained her hearing, the first thing she heard was her father telling her to kneel before Lucian and apologize.
“Fine! I'll beg for Lucian’s mercy. I'll go right away!” responded Aubree with nothing but hate in her eyes, and after giving her father a cold glance, she got up and rushed out of the room.
With his eyebrows tightly knitted, Samuel could not help but feel worried when he thought of the look in Aubree’s eyes before she left.
Still, there was not much he could do about Aubree, given the situation of his family.
“Aubree!” Gina just so happened to see the swollen-faced Aubree storm out of the room when she arrived at the scene. “Hey, hold up! Calm down! Where are you going?” questioned Gina while trying to catch up with Aubree.
Aubree, however, turned a deaf ear as she rushed out of the house before zooming off in her car.
After witnessing that, Gina returned to the room in a panic to speak to Samuel. “What is Aubree planning to do? Is she going to do something stupid again? You have to stop her!”
“You're the reason she’s who she is today, so you should figure it out yourself!” uttered Samuel, who was already having an unbearable headache, before striding into the study and slamming the door shut.
Left alone in Aubree’s messy bedroom to stare at the door Samuel had kicked down and the smashed phone, Gina burst into tears.
There was a grimness in Aubree’s eyes when she finally floored the brakes after driving for quite a distance. He expects me to apologize to Lucian? In his dreams! This is all that b*tch’s fault, so why do | have to be the one to apologize? | swear I'll make Roxanne pay!
Nevertheless, the Pearson family had already run out of resources they could use, so after some thought, Aubree took out her phone and tried to call Frieda.
When she failed to reach Frieda after several attempts, Aubree sneered and decided to send the woman a message instead: Don’t forget that we're in the same boat! So far, Lucian knows | added the bacteria, but he has no idea where it came from. How much better do you think your family will do than mine after he finds out about that?
In less than a minute after the text message was sent, Aubree received a call from Frieda. 
###Chapter 1334
Chapter 1334
“Aubree, | only noticed your missed calls now because | was in the shower. What’s up?” Frieda sounded very concerned. It was as if the engagement between the Farwells and the Pearsons was never canceled, and they were still on good terms.
Aubree knew that Frieda only called because of the message she had sent, but since she still needed Frieda’s help, she decided to play along.
With that thought in mind, Aubree coldly bit her lower lip. “Nothing much. Seeing how we haven't seen each other for a few days, | wanted to ask you out.”
Frieda hesitated for a few seconds, but because of Aubree’s threat, she had no choice but to agree to the woman’s request. She wanted to follow Jonathan’s advice, but what happened to the Pearsons was too shocking to ignore.
Frieda worried that her family would be in trouble if Aubree really did sell her out.
After confirming the place to meet, the two ended the phone call.
Then, Frieda got changed and was about to walk out the door when she bumped into Jonathan.
“Where are you going?” Jonathan gazed suspiciously at his sister.
In response, Frieda plastered on a smile. “Nowhere. I’ve stayed home for too long, so | wanted to go for a walk.”
Jonathan was still unconvinced, however. “I don’t care if you have to stay home for another few days! Just look at those comments online. You’d better stay away from Aubree if you don’t want our family to end up like hers!”
Standing still and staring coldly at Frieda, Jonathan had no intention of getting out of his sister's way.
On top of feeling guilty, Frieda was afraid to meet Aubree then, so she nodded meekly and returned to her room. Nonetheless, she eventually gave in to her anxiety and called Aubree. “My brother's not letting me leave the house...” “| bet he doesn’t want you to meet me because he has no idea what you did!” voiced Aubree through gritted teeth. Frieda nodded guiltily. “I can’t let him know. Otherwise, he'll kill me before Lucian does!”
“Does that mean you're not afraid that Lucian will find out?” sneered Aubree.
After being rendered speechless for a moment, Frieda hurriedly reassured Aubree of her loyalty to the woman. “I believe you, Aubree, and I'll do my best to help you in any way | can. However—”
“Don't worry. | won’t tell Lucian even if the plan fails, but you have to be a part of it,” interrupted Aubree unceremoniously as though she knew what Frieda wanted to say.
Frieda finally breathed a sigh of relief after hearing that. “What do you need me to do?”
On the other side, Aubree was sitting alone in the corner of a café.
Because of how widespread the online public opinion was, almost everyone in Horington was discussing the matter.
In fact, it was difficult to find anyone who did not recognize Aubree.
Even the waiter who served her coffee gave her a dirty look.
Aubree could not help but harden her face when reminded of her situation. “How have things developed on the internet?”
After turning on her computer, Frieda was unsure how to reply to Aubree because the truth about Roxanne was close to becoming public knowledge.
Almost everyone was praising Roxanne for her beauty and kindness and saying what a perfect match she was for Lucian. On the other hand, Aubree, who used to be put on a pedestal, became a laughingstock overnight. Some even said that Aubree made up the story that she was Lucian’s first crush.
“What's going on?” Aubree’s heart sank when she heard nothing but silence from the other end of the line. 
###Chapter 1335
Chapter 1335
Frieda could just imagine Aubree’s face after the latter read the comments even though they were only speaking over the phone. She said dryly, “You should take a look for yourself, Aubree...” Aubree turned on the speakerphone and opened her social media app grimly.
Someone commented: Aubree is shameless. How dare she claim to be Mr. Farwell’s first crush when she’s really just a homewrecker? If he truly had feelings for her, why would he have married his original spouse?
Another seconded: That’s right. Whatever feelings Mr. Farwell had for his first crush would have been gone by now after six long years. Moreover, Mr. Farwell acts as if he doesn’t even know her. If you ask me, his original spouse is his first crush. Aubree is just a nobody.
The comments were scathing and merciless, leaving no room for doubt about the netizens’ disdain toward Aubree. Aubree had to muster up all her energy to resist the urge to throw her phone across the room.
“Roxanne, that b*tch!” she cursed through gritted teeth.
Frieda tried to calm her down. “Calm down, Aubree. There’s no point getting angry about this right now.”
She was worried that Aubree might do something foolish and drag herself into it.
Aubree took a few deep breaths before she spoke again. “Do you know any public relations company? I’m going to make that b*tch pay for what she said.”
Frieda hesitated upon hearing this.
How is this any different from what she did the last time? I’m still the one who’s handing the knife over to her as she commits murder. I’ll be a goner if either Jonathan or Lucian finds out.
“Just let it slide, Aubree. Where are you going to get the money to recruit the help of a public relations company with the state your family is in right now?”
She tried to dissuade Aubree.
However, Aubree saw through her right away. “I'll contact them myself. Don’t worry. | won’t get you involved. As for the money, | can afford it.”
I'll do everything in my power to expose that b*tch’s true colors to the world. Frieda reluctantly gave her a number, having no reason to reject her at this point.
Aubree didn’t say anything anymore after getting what she wanted. She hung up the call and contacted the public relations company.
“Hello, what kind of business collaboration are you looking for?” came the prompt response from the other end.
Aubree said through gritted teeth, “I want you to spread the news about the original spouse of Farwell Group’s CEO.”
The scandal involving the Farwells had caused a huge uproar online. It was only natural for a professional public relations firm to be aware of it.
The person on the other end of the line immediately became cautious when he heard Aubree’s request. “And you are?”
Aubree replied coldly, “Aubree Pearson.”
Hearing that, the other party ended the call immediately.
Aubree dialed the number again through clenched teeth, her face darkening. “I'll pay you thirty million to post the news. It’s not fake, | promise.”
The other party’s resolve started to waver when they heard the offer of such a large sum. However, they still didn’t dare to take the risk.
“Fifty million! I'll pay you ten million more when everything is over, so sixty million in total!” Aubree added.
Aubree had prepared the fifty million Cory requested back then, but little did she know she would be using the money for this instead of what she had intended.
In the end, the other party gave in to the temptation of money and agreed to her terms after much hesitation. “Okay. What do you want us to post?”
Aubree’s gaze turned icy as she delivered the message she had prepared beforehand 
###Chapter 1336
Chapter 1336
Archie and Benny chuckled in delight as the public view tilted in favor of their mother. Estella woke up and rubbed her eyes groggily. “Archie, Benny, what are you guys doing?”
Archie and Benny closed their laptop immediately when they heard Estella’s voice. They shook their heads in unison. “It’s nothing. We're just browsing the stock market.”
They decided to handle the chaos that was going down online themselves. Estella had no need to get involved. Estella felt that something was off as she stared at the boys.
However, nothing came to mind, as she was still groggy from her sleep. She took a moment to gather her thoughts before getting out of bed to wash up.
Archie and Benny wanted to continue monitoring the online discussion, but Roxanne called them down for breakfast. After Estella washed up, they put their laptop away and went down.
Roxanne noticed that her two boys were in high spirits during breakfast and couldn’t help but ask, “What's the occasion?” Archie and Benny exchanged looks and replied, “Nothing special. We’re just glad to have our sister back.”
Estella nodded enthusiastically in agreement. “I’m very happy too!”
Roxanne didn’t dwell further on the matter upon hearing that. Her heart warmed as she stared at the kids’ smiling faces. She scooped some food onto their plates. “I'll take you out for some fun after breakfast, okay?”
It's been a while since | took them out after the last incident. Besides, I’ve found my little darling this time around. Roxanne would always be reminded of the child she had lost whenever she took Archie and Benny out to play.
However, her dream had finally come true, as she had found her missing daughter.
The kids were overjoyed when they heard Roxanne was going to take them out to have some fun. “Okay!” they shouted in unison.
Roxanne couldn't help but smile. Their happiness was contagious. At the same time, Aubree managed to bribe her way through the public relations firm and was posting anything and everything
about Roxanne on the world wide web, causing the public’s view of Roxanne to shift drastically once again.
Someone wrote: His original spouse? You mean Roxanne Jarvis? Haven’t you read the news? Her research institute was provided with the opportunity to join the Damarises’ project because of her relationship with Jack Damaris. Women like her can’t be trusted.
Another commented: You can still find pictures of Roxanne and Jack having dinner online. They have yet to clarify matters up till now. She's just another one of those b*tches in the medical industry if you ask me.
Various posts defaming Roxanne started to pop up. At the same time, others still believed in Roxanne and thought the scandal between her and Jack was just mere speculation. Lucian’s decision to call off his engagement told them everything they needed to know.
However, soon after, another piece of scandal erupted on the internet again.
The netizens started discussing again. Someone wrote: Rumors have it that Roxanne already has two kids aged around four to five. It has only been six years since she left the Farwells. Who fathered her children? It couldn’t be Mr. Farwell, could it?
Another replied: That would be an understatement. Roxanne left the Farwells on her own accord back then. Who knows? Maybe she left because she had gotten herself pregnant and was worried that she wouldn’t be able to explain herself. She’s probably back to get her hands on the Farwells’ wealth now that her children have grown up.
Athird agreed: That is entirely possible. She must be really good at scheming if that’s the case. Who knows? She might have played dirty tricks to make Mr. Farwell call off his engagement with Ms. Pearson.
After the public discovered that Roxanne had two mysterious children, they began to turn their backs on her. 
###Chapter 1337
Chapter 1337
Aubree chuckled in delight as the public showed disdain for Roxanne. “Roxanne, you b*tch, I’m going to let you get a taste of your own medicine.” Early in the morning that day, Sonya read the comments on the internet.
She was furious when she found out that Lucian had sent Roxanne to the hospital and had even spent the night there taking care of her.
She could still recall the incident vividly. Roxanne had just returned to the country not long ago, and Lucian had insisted on taking care of her.
Sonya read through the comments furiously. Everyone had different opinions regarding the matter. Public opinion was swayed. Sonya’s face darkened when she saw a comment about how well Lucian and Roxanne complimented each other.
They're a good match? Since when has she ever been worthy of my son? On what grounds? Certainly not her looks, nor her two illegitimate children. Speaking of which, I’ve yet to find out who fathered those two children.
Just as she was about to blow up, the public’s view of Roxanne took a sharp turn for the worse, and that calmed Sonya down.
However, she suddenly caught sight of a comment that read: Roxanne left the Farwells on her own accord back then. Who knows? Maybe she left because she had gotten herself pregnant and was worried that she wouldn’t be able to explain herself. She’s probably back to get her hands on the Farwells’ wealth now that her children have grown up.
Sonya’s face contorted in anger as she read the comment.
Now that I think about it, Archie and Benny look to be about Estella’s age. But who knows? She could have lied about their age. No wonder she left so hastily back then.
Sonya found the thought to be unbearable as she considered the possibility.
No matter what, Roxanne is very suspicious. | won't let her get her way.
Sonya put her phone away, left the mansion, and drove straight to Roxanne’s house. It was noon by the time she arrived at Roxanne’s door. However, no one was home.
Sonya got back into her car and checked her phone, only to find that the public was having a heated discussion about Roxanne. Rumors and speculations spread like wildfire.
Some even suspected that Roxanne had known Jack since a long time ago.
The Farwells were starting to get a bad rap because of this speculation.
One comment read: The fact that the Farwells were unaware of Roxanne’s infidelity with Mr. Farwell is quite concerning. | wonder how they judge people. | hope the employees of Farwell Group don’t act two-faced like her.
Someone asked: What is the last name of Ms. Jarvis’ kids? Can someone please tell me?
Sonya almost fainted in anger as she read the comments.
| knew it. The Farwells will surely turn into a laughingstock when | let her marry into the family. Damn it. | can’t believe how quickly this has happened. | need to find a way to settle this once and for all.
Sonya parked her car in front of Roxanne’s gates and spent a good while there before finally coming up with an idea.
The most important thing for me to do right now is to restore the Farwells’ reputation. The relationship my son has with Roxanne right now is the root cause of it all. So if his fiancée is someone other than Roxanne...
Sonya made up her mind and immediately drove to the Pearson residence.
Even though she was dissatisfied with how Aubree had treated Estella, she was the only one who could take Roxanne out of the picture now.
At most, I'll let her be Lucian’s fiancée on paper. After all, no one knows about her deeds yet. Having her around won't harm the Farwells’ reputation. 
###Chapter 1338
Chapter 1338
At the Pearson residence, Samuel had been receiving calls non-stop since morning due to all the online drama and the Farwells’ pressure.
They were either calling to report how terrible his subsidiaries were doing or to discuss the termination of contracts with the headquarters.
Things had been tense at the Pearson residence since morning. Even though Gina was worried about her daughter, she didn’t dare call to check in on her with Samuel around.
That afternoon, Samuel remained holed up in his study while Gina sat alone at the kitchen table, unable to summon the appetite for lunch in the midst of such tension and uncertainty.
Nobody touched the food even when it had turned cold.
That was the scene that greeted Sonya when she arrived, and she couldn’t help but notice that Aubree’s room was located directly opposite the mansion main entrance.
“Mrs. Farwell, what brings you here?”
Gina was instantly reminded of the previous day’s ordeal when she caught sight of Sonya. A shiver ran down her spine, causing her to stand up shakily.
Samuel also emerged from his study when he heard the doorbell ring. As soon as he saw Sonya at the door, Samuel ended his phone call and hurried downstairs to meet her.
“Mrs. Farwell, what brings you here? Aubree has realized she is in the wrong, and we Pearsons have learned our lesson. Please don’t make things any more difficult for us...”
Samuel felt embarrassed as he spoke. Sonya frowned as she looked around the Pearson residence. She noticed that there were only two simple dishes on the dining table that had not been touched.
Samuel and Gina appeared exhausted and worn out despite it only having been one night since they had last met. They seemed to have aged a decade overnight, with worry and stress etched into their features.
Sonya’s heart ached for them, as they had been good friends for many years.
Reminded of Aubree’s actions, she sighed. “How could you allow Aubree to do something like that to Essie? The Farwells have never mistreated you, have we?”
Samuel and Gina exchanged looks, sensing that Sonya was starting to soften.
Samuel said in a resigned voice, “We didn’t want this to happen either. Aubree was foolish and has learned her lesson. She said she went down the wrong path because she was desperate to marry Lucian.”
Gina chimed in, “Aubree has been locking herself in her room since coming home yesterday. We've had a serious talk with her about it and she’s learned her lesson now. She will apologize and make things right with Lucian and Essie.”
Sonya’s heart ached as she witnessed the sincerity and exhaustion etched on the faces of her two friends.
She stared at them as if she was assessing how sincere their apology was.
Samuel and Gina both had their heads lowered. One was red in the face with anger, and the other had red, blotchy eyes caused by crying.
They do look like they have regretted on their actions. Sonya slowly retracted her gaze and sat down on the couch in the living room.
“Aubree has indeed gotten carried away. Things wouldn’t have turned out like this if she had listened to me back then and tried her best to get along with Lucian and Essie,” she said regretfully.
Samuel and Gina immediately caught on.
“Mrs. Farwell, we have realized what a huge mistake we have made and have learned our lesson now. Could you try to persuade Mr. Farwell to let things slide?”
Sonya didn’t reply to them as she sat with crossed legs on the couch like an elegant lady. 
###Chapter 1339
Chapter 1339
Gina and her husband were at a loss for a moment.
They initially thought Sonya came to defuse the tension.
Seeing Sonya putting up an arrogant look left them unsure of what to do.
Gina tested the waters by pleading, “Mrs. Farwell, we will heed your advice and not do stupid things anymore. Please help us!” As soon as she finished speaking, she noticed Sonya’s gaze fall on Samuel, who stood beside her.
Gina immediately caught her drift and cleared her throat to get Samuel's attention.
Clearly, Sonya still thought the Pearson family was of use to her, and she wanted them to pledge their loyalty to her.
Given that Gina lacked authority in the Pearson family, Sonya hinted at Samuel so he could make the first move.
They might have been friends for years, but after all the things the Pearson family had done, Gina knew they were now at Sonya’s mercy. Their friendship had become solely based on interests and more transactional.
Of course, Samuel could read Sonya’s mind too, but after much pondering, he still could not bear to give up Pearson Group. But if | were to turn her down, | might risk losing the entire Pearson Group, let alone my position of influence in the company!
Samuel had no choice but to grit his teeth and agreed. “In the future, neither the Pearson family nor Pearson Group will go against your wishes. That’s my promise to you!”
Only then did Sonya nod in satisfaction and put her crossed legs down. “Where is Aubree?” She looked up and glanced at the broken door of the bedroom where Aubree was.
Gina let out a nervous laugh. “She had a fight with Samuel in the morning and ran away. | can call her back immediately if you wish to see her!”
She was worried that her daughter might engage in dangerous behavior but did not care to intervene because of Samuel. Now that Sonya had mentioned it, she had an excuse to bring her daughter back.
There was a hint of displeasure in Sonya’s eyes. How could Aubree throw a tantrum and run away when something like this happened? I’m surprised to learn that she’s this kind of person.
Samuel and Gina felt something was amiss when they noticed the change in Sonya’s expression.
“Forget it!” Sonya withdrew her gaze. “Tell her to stop causing more trouble when she returns later!”
A question stirred in the hearts of Samuel and Gina. Does the fact that Sonya came to look for us mean there’s hope for us to continue with the engagement?
Yet, what Sonya uttered next completely shattered their fantasy.
“Though the engagement between the Farwells and Pearsons is off, | will not allow Roxanne to marry into our family since she has tarnished Farwell Group’s reputation!” Fury was written all over Sonya’s face. “I'll talk to Lucian on your behalf, but if Aubree were to do anything stupid again, she’d better watch her own back!”
Gina and Samuel looked puzzled. Why is she doing all this if she doesn’t want us to proceed with the engagement?
Nonetheless, the two dared not ask further as they knew how furious Sonya was. They responded, “We will keep an eye on Aubree and make sure she doesn’t do anything stupid again!”
Sonya glanced at them before walking out of the door. I’m glad the Farwell family has this chance to teach the Pearson family a lesson. At least they'll no longer dare to step on our toes!
The flattery on Samuel's face gradually disappeared as he watched Sonya depart. | can’t believe | just relinquished the authority of the Pearson family because of my useless daughter! 
###Chapter 1340
Chapter 1340
Meanwhile, Roxanne knew nothing about the online controversy. After breakfast, she took the kids to the beach.
At first, Archie and Benny were a little worried about the changes in public opinion on the internet, but they instantly forgot about it the moment they got into the car.
Roxanne had not taken them on a road trip in a while, so they looked forward to it. They were especially excited that she brought Estella along.
“Mommy, where are we going?” Estella kept calling Roxanne “Mommy” as if she wanted to make up for the years she missed.
While observing the change of scenery outside the car, Archie and Benny could not help but ask curiously, “Mommy, it seems you're driving out of town. You’re not planning to sell us now that you have Essie, are you?”
Benny acted shocked and pleaded in a tender, babylike voice, “Mommy, please don’t do this to us! We're good kids, and we'll help look after our little sister!”
Estella, too, nodded earnestly. “If you insist, sell me along with them as well!” However, not long after making that remark, she tilted her head, looking troubled. “But | love Mommy very much too. Mommy, don’t sell us, please?”
Roxanne’s heart melted as she was charmed by their innocent and endearing words.
“When did | say | was going to sell you? I’m taking all of you to the beach because the weather is lovely.”
It was the same beach she had visited when she first found out she was pregnant.
A few days ago, Lucian had taken her there again. That visit brought back all of Roxanne’s memories of the place. When she was pregnant, she wanted to bring the little ones to the beach even though they were still in her womb. As soon as the children heard they were going to the beach, their minds instantly flooded with memories of their last vacation. Come to think of it, our last vacation was also our first family trip!
The last vacation held a special place in Archie’s and Benny’s hearts.
It became an unforgettable memory after they discovered Estella was their long-lost sister.
“Mommy, are you taking us to the beach we went to last time?” Benny asked.
Roxanne could not help but feel emotional as she recalled their last experience.
After the kindergarten activity ended, they had gone on a hot spring vacation where many things happened.
If it weren’t for Sonya and Aubree, Roxanne and Lucian would have been together when they were enjoying themselves at the beach.
“Mommy?” the little ones urged impatiently, waiting for her answer.
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and smiled at the children. “No. This time, we're going to the beach | used to visit.”
The little ones’ eyes lit up.
Since Archie and Benny were rarely exposed to Roxanne’s past while growing up, they were thrilled to learn that she was taking them to her favorite beach.
Roxanne could not help but grin when she looked in the rearview mirror and saw the happiness on their faces.
When she found out she was pregnant years ago, she once stood by the sea and imagined how she would watch her children play on the beach.
However, she quickly dismissed that thought, as she had decided to leave the country for good. Roxanne had long given up hope of watching her children having fun by the beach.
Little did she know that one day her dream would come true.
Half an hour later, Roxanne’s car slowly stopped in the distance from the beach.
As soon as the car stopped, the children got out of the vehicle and ran toward the beach like untamed horses 
###Chapter 1341
Chapter 1341
“Be carefull”
Roxanne’s cheeks tinged pink when she thought about the accident she had had the last time she was here. The three children waved their hands at her without looking back and dashed toward the waves.
Roxanne quickened her pace and kept up with her children.
“Mommy, you're so pretty!”
Estella grabbed Roxanne’s hand and snuggled up to her. Her little face lit up in awe.
There had been a firework event during their last vacation to the hot spring resort. As a result, the beach was overcrowded with people, and the children didn’t get the chance to experience playing on the beach.
It was quiet all around at that moment, save for the sounds of waves crashing against the beach.
Despite their young age and high energy levels, the children couldn’t help but want to quiet down and relax in the face of the calming waves.
Roxanne patted their heads and said, “There are not many people here, and it’s really quiet. That’s why | come here quite often.” Then she took a glance at the surroundings. Still worried, she held Estella’s hand and said to Archie and Benny, “I’m going to bring you guys to a place.”
The two boys snapped back to their senses and kept up with their mother obediently. Roxanne took them on a long walk, and the children noticed that there was a lighthouse and a long deck when they arrived.
The majestic blue lighthouse towered over the long, white deck, set against the backdrop of crystal-clear, turquoise waters. The windmill nearby turned slowly and gracefully with the rhythm of the tides, creating a picturesque scene that seemed to belong in a fairy tale.
The kids were in awe.
This is totally different from the beach that we've been to!
“Go ahead and enjoy!”
Roxanne was elated to see her children liking the beach.
The three children finally snapped out of their awe at Roxanne’s words.
Estella was the first to scamper toward the sea. “Archie, Benny, come on!”
Archie and Benny followed behind her. “Run, Essie! We're going to catch you!”
The three of them chased each other on the deck.
Roxanne leaned against the railing, watching her kids play happily. She couldn't help but take out her phone to photograph them. She had missed out on a lot of Estella’s growth.
She had never seen Estella babble as she learned to talk, nor had she ever seen her stumble as she learned to walk.
However, Roxanne was still grateful that she had shown up when Estella needed her the most.
She was grateful that she had reached out to help Estella and had not resisted the little girl’s emotional dependence on her.
If Estella’s autism had persisted until now, Roxanne would be overwhelmed with feelings of self-blame.
Naturally, Roxanne was more concerned about Estella. Even though the camera was aimed at the three children, Estella was in every single one of the photos that she had taken.
From now on, she vowed to never miss out on a single moment of Estella’s life anymore.
Tired from running around, the three children went back to Roxanne when they noticed that she was still standing in the same spot, taking photos of them.
“Mommy, what are you looking at?”
The three of them huddled to her side and clutched a corner of her shirt. They tiptoed to get a glimpse of Roxanne’s phone screen.
Roxanne smiled and crouched down to show them the photos that she had taken.
“There are so many photos of Essie!”
Benny puffed his cheeks in mock displeasure. “Mommy, are you favoring Essie now? It’s so obvious!” Roxanne was stumped.
She had only wanted to record their happy moments and didn’t notice who she was photographing.
However, after skimming through the photos, she realized that there were indeed a lot of Estella’s photos. 
###Chapter 1342
Chapter 1342
Roxanne was hit by a pang of guilt. “Sorry, | didn’t realize that. | just— She had only subconsciously taken more photos of Estella because she was thinking about her.
Benny was only joking. He immediately explained when he saw that Roxanne had taken the joke seriously, “Mommy, | was just kidding! Don’t take it to heart...”
Then, the boy planted a kiss on Roxanne’s cheek and said sweetly, “We know you love us! We've just reunited with Essie, and we know you want to make it up to her because we've lost so much time with her. That’s why you favor her a little. We understand that. Besides, Archie and | will love Essie more too!”
Estella’s eyes crinkled into a smile. “I will love Mommy and you guys more too!” Roxanne felt as if a heavy weight had been lifted off her chest after hearing Benny. However, she still couldn’t help feeling guilty.
Truth be told, after being separated from Estella for so long and finally having her back by her side, Roxanne couldn’t deceive herself into believing that she could treat all the children equally. She knew that, at least for now, she would favor Estella more.
“Mommy, we’re a bit tired. We want to go sit on the beach for a while,” Archie said. He knew Roxanne was still feeling guilty. He thought it was best to give her some alone time to think things through. Roxanne thought the same.
She wanted to cool off a little and take some time to think about how she should treat her three children. Just when she was considering how to start, Archie’s voice rang out.
Roxanne flashed a grateful smile at the considerate boy. “Go on, but you guys can’t go too far. Be sure to keep a distance from the sea and wear your watch properly.”
Archie nodded and brought his siblings back to the beach.
“It's all my fault. I've made Mommy upset,” Benny muttered apologetically. Then, he turned to look at Estella. “What | said earlier was just a joke. | really, really like you!”
Benny was afraid that Estella might take it seriously as well.
Estella hurriedly nodded. She knew Benny was just joking.
After all, Archie and Benny had always taken good care of her ever since they knew her. Estella was apt at discerning whether someone was being sincere.
Benny heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Estella nodding. Then, he turned to Archie and said in a small voice, “I wish Daddy was here.”
He can definitely make Mommy feel better. With that thought in mind, Benny secretly sent their location to Lucian. Daddy will come to find us if | send him the location, right? Mommy will feel so much better with Daddy around.
Benny felt better afterward.
“Um, why did Mommy refuse Daddy’s proposal?” Estella mumbled. Despite knowing that she had probably taken Benny’s words the wrong way, Estella couldn’t help but feel dejected.
| enjoy both Mommy’s and Daddy's love, but Archie and Benny receive only Mommy’s love. Aren't they receiving less than me, then? If Mommy and Daddy get together, Daddy will surely treat Archie and Benny like his own children.
Benny stole a glance at Archie after hearing Estella.
We can’t tell her that Mommy refused Daddy because of Grandma, can we?
It didn’t matter if they knew about it or not since they couldn’t actually do anything substantial about it. However, Archie and Benny knew that Estella would definitely confront Sonya if she knew about it.
The boys were afraid that they might accidentally trouble Roxanne again. 
###Chapter 1343
Chapter 1343
“Because...” Archie and Benny couldn't just ignore their sister’s pleading look.
In the end, Benny made up a reason. “Maybe it’s because Mommy wants to test Mr. Farwell further! After all, they didn’t seem happy when they separated back then.”
Estella furrowed her eyebrows, perplexed. | know | don’t know about Daddy and Mommy’s matters as much as they do, but I think that’s the case based on what Daddy said when he proposed to Mommy. What happened when they initially separated? Why did Mommy abandon me?
When Benny saw that his answer removed the smile on his sister’s face after he ruined his mother’s mood, he was in full panic mode. “I-It’s going to be fine! As long as Mr. Farwell performs well, Mommy will forgive him eventually and accept his proposal!”
Still, Estella remained worried. “But what if Daddy feels he has lost all hope after Mommy rejects him this time? What do we do, then?”
| helped Daddy chase after Mommy, so | know he'll overthink things. He would get angry and stop pursuing Mommy if she had a tiny issue. The more Estella thought about the times when her father got jealous, the more concerned she was. In the past, | would advise Daddy. But now, he doesn’t have anyone like that! If | had known this would happen, | would’ve stayed by his side obediently...
Her words threw Benny’s mind into further chaos. “I don’t think so?”
Daddy’s probably not that fragile! He glanced at his phone watch. | still haven’t received any news. Did Daddy really give up? But he taught the bad lady a lesson this morning!
“Why not?” Archie was similarly dumbstruck by Benny's words. “Mr. Farwell’s personality is exactly the same as yours, which is to say he always gets very emotional. Who knows what he’s thinking right now?”
That instantly shifted Benny’s attention. “There’s no way I’m similar to Mr. Farwell when I’m so cute and lively! You're the one who resembles Mr. Farwell! You always have that lack of expression on your face, just like him! | resemble Mommy the most!”
Estella was also attracted by her brother's conversation. She uttered innocently, “I should be the one who resembles Mommy the most!” Mommy’s a girl, and I’m a girl too! Besides, Mommy is really pretty, so when | grow up, I'll be as pretty as her, too!
Her participation in the conversation stunned the boys for a moment.
“| don’t care! | don’t want to resemble Mr. Farwell!” Benny turned away and left with a pout.
Am | really that similar to Daddy? Okay, maybe we look a little alike. We're both handsome, after all. However, our personalities are completely different! Daddy’s not talkative and he’s always expressionless, unlike me, who’s lively, cute, smart, and has a sharp tongue! Everyone loves me.
“Don't you like Mr. Farwell the most—’ Archie was going to joke about his brother when he saw the latter walking toward the sea. “Come back, Benny!” he yelled and promptly chased after him.
Benny was still so deep in his thoughts that he couldn’t hear Archie and kept marching forward. The loud waves didn’t help either. 
###Chapter 1344
Chapter 1344
Upon seeing the scene before her, Estella knew she couldn’t help and went to call for her mother instead.
When Roxanne returned to her senses and turned to the sea, she saw the boys approaching the ocean.
She saw Benny frowning while looking as though he had lost his soul.
“Archie! Benny!” Furrowing her eyebrows, she chased after them.
She wouldn’t have panicked if they were in a different place because the boys knew how to swim.
However, she had tripped there two days ago, so she knew there were rocks hiding in the water. She couldn’t help but worry. Estella followed behind her.
Right then, a huge wave rushed straight toward the boys. Roxanne felt her heart tighten. She increased her pace and grabbed the boys in time.
The three of them were drenched in seawater, but not Estella because she was too far behind. When Benny snapped back to reality, he lowered his head guiltily to avoid looking at Roxanne. Roxanne tossed the boys to the beach.
In one smooth motion, Benny sat on the ground and flashed a pleasing smile at his mother. Those not in the know would think they were just playing around.
Lowering his head, Archie apologized, “I’m sorry for not keeping a close eye on Benny, Mommy.”
Roxanne glanced at the sensible Archie before turning to Benny, who was still putting on a pitiful act. Fury burned in her heart, but she couldn’t bring herself to get angry. “Didn't | tell you two to stay away from the sea?” Then she sighed resignedly. “This is just great. | didn’t bring any clothes with me.” | thought we were just going to stand on the beach deck. Getting drenched certainly wasn’t something | expected to happen. If my clothes aren’t wet right now, | could’ve bought them new clothes from nearby shops. Now, I can’t even do that.
Just as Roxanne was wondering what to do, Estella called out, “Daddy!”
Roxanne assumed the girl wanted her to ask Lucian for help, so she said, “Daddy still needs to work. He’s busy.”
Besides, she didn’t want him to know she had secretly brought the children to the beach so soon after he brought her there. “Daddy!” Abruptly, Estella sprinted past her.
Only then did Roxanne realize Lucian had arrived.
The boys raised their heads and stared at the man.
After patting Estella’s head, he carried her in his arm, approached Roxanne, and asked resentfully, “Why did you only bring the children here?”
Roxanne couldn't help but feel guilty as she met his eyes. “I thought you were busy working today...” It’s also because | need time to calm down after | rejected his proposal last night.
However, he didn’t give her a chance to breathe. “As busy as | may be, | still have time to spend with you all.” Then he examined her and the boys because they were wet before speaking meaningfully. “Besides, | can’t help but worry when you bring the children to the beach.”
Roxanne blushed as she recalled the kiss they had after she fell that day.
“Mommy's very good at swimming!” Benny defended. She even went diving when we went on vacation last time! Just as he ended his sentence, he heard his father chuckle for no apparent reason.
Meanwhile, Roxanne’s face was getting even redder.
When the children saw how their parents were acting, they knew for sure something had happened and that it very likely involved their father bullying their mother. 
###Chapter 1345
Chapter 1345
“Daddy, why are you here?” Estella glanced at her father curiously. We were talking about Daddy a few moments earlier, and I’m surprised to see him arrive so quickly. | thought he was angry. Her words served as a reminder to Roxanne.
Suppressing her embarrassment, she gave Archie and Benny a stern, questioning look, as if to inquire which one of them had sent Lucian a text message.
It couldn’t be Essie, so it must be either of the boys!
“It wasn’t us!” Benny felt a chill go down his spine and immediately drew on his inborn acting skills to put on an innocent look. “If you don’t believe us, ask Mr. Farwell!”
With that, he turned to look at Lucian. Lucian met his eyes and nodded readily. “I came here by myself.” Roxanne frowned, her eyes filled with suspicion.
It's worrying to consider what might happen once they discover their familial connection, given that they’re already helping each other without any knowledge of their relationship.
Knowing Roxanne was suspecting him, Benny shot her an innocent smile and changed the topic. “Mommy, I’m freezing!” Roxanne couldn't bring herself to yell at them, so she turned to look at Lucian. He was the only one who could head out to buy some clothes for the kids.
Before she could state her request, Lucian broke the silence. “I have some clothes in the car that you can change into. You can change your clothes in the car.”
Roxanne grew suspicious again. How could it be so coincidental?
As though he had seen through her, Lucian arched a brow and added, “Don’t forget that | brought you here first after you returned to the country. For the past six years, this was my territory. Is there something wrong with me coming to my territory?”
Roxanne was rendered speechless.
Since he had spelled things out so clearly, Roxanne knew she couldn't probe further as she did not want to come across as overly calculative.
“Perhaps this is fate,” Lucian remarked with a smile. He then pushed Archie’s and Benny's shoulders gently. “Come, let's go change your clothes.”
The boys nodded obediently and padded to his car with him. “Mr. Farwell, why are you here?” Benny asked in surprise as he changed his clothes.
They were thoroughly soaked, and it was quite troublesome for them to switch out of their wet garments into something dry and comfortable.
Lucian only remembered to bring them a change of clothes but forgot to buy some towels to dry them off. He glanced around in his car and retrieved his suit jacket placed in the backseat to wipe the boys dry.
The material was expensive and bad at absorbing water, but it was better than nothing.
Lucian was amused to hear Benny’s question. “You were the one who sent me your location, no?” Benny flashed a guilty smile. “You didn’t answer me, so | thought...”
| thought he’s mad at Mommy!
Lucian could guess his mind. “You thought I’m mad at your mommy because she rejected me?” Benny chuckled sheepishly.
Archie, however, remained unfazed. “Are you upset?”
Lucian had no idea he'd be this straightforward. It took him a few seconds before he regained his composure to reply, “No. Our past was marred by a misunderstanding that was entirely my fault. All | want now is to try to win her heart back, nothing more.” A gentle smile nudged his lips as he gazed at the boys. “You'll help me, right?”
Benny bobbed his head eagerly. He then proceeded to explain why Roxanne was in a foul mood earlier. “It was my fault for making her angry,” he admitted. Lucian finally understood why Benny had summoned him. He was pleased to be of help.
“All right, I'll handle this, so don’t worry. I'll make sure to cheer her up.” 
###Chapter 1346
Chapter 1346
Chapter 1346 Roxanne and Estella waited at the beach for some time before Lucian and the boys climbed out of the car.
The sight of the boys wearing rainbow-colored T-shirts surprised Roxanne to no end.
Lucian preferred wearing plain-colored clothes, so she had assumed he’d buy monochrome clothes without any pattern for the boys.
She had no idea he’d buy them such vibrant-looking clothes. | wonder when he bought these clothes. They seem to fit the boys well. “When did you buy the clothes?” Roxanne asked when they came over to join her.
Recalling Benny’s earlier comment that she was in a foul mood, Lucian regarded her silently for a moment before responding, “I actually bought them on my way here. I’ve been planning to bring you here one day, and | thought it best to be prepared, and it seems | made the right choice as they came in handy.”
His words merely served to fuel Roxanne’s suspicion.
Never mind if Lucian showed up suddenly. | can’t believe he even prepared clothes for them.
She looked down and observed Archie’s and Benny’s reactions.
The boys were grinning adorably. “Mommy, Mr. Farwell bought clothes for you as well. You should go get changed!”
When they were changing their clothes, they suddenly noticed a stunning dress tucked away in the rear of the car. They were certain that Lucian had purchased it as a surprise for Roxanne.
Roxanne was stunned to hear that. Did he buy clothes for me as well? She gave Lucian a questioning look.
Lucian appeared to be a bit dismayed, as the boys had ruined his surprise, but he still gave a brief nod. “Go get changed. You don’t want to catch a cold.”
Roxanne remained hesitant.
Lucian arched his brow teasingly. “Don’t worry. | won’t peek at you. You can take your time while | bring the kids to play over there.”
Without waiting for her reply, he gathered the kids and led them away. The kids wanted Roxanne to get changed as soon as possible, so they followed him obediently. Roxanne hesitated as she stared at their backs. A few seconds later, she made up her mind and walked to the car.
As Benny said, there was an ocean blue spaghetti strap dress at the rear of the car. The bodice of the dress was slightly ruffled, and the waist was snugly cinched.
After giving birth to Archie and Benny, she rarely had the chance to wear such a casual outfit. However, she had to admit that the dress was her style. Six years ago, when she was still married to Lucian, she would often come to the beach clad in similar dresses.
| can’t believe Lucian knows the style | like. It looks like he has put in some effort to get to know me.
Under his careful and considerate attention, Roxanne felt her heart beginning to mend from the anguish of their divorce.
She retrieved the dress and was about to remove her own clothes when she belatedly remembered that her underwear was drenched, too.
She glanced at the expensive dress in her hands.
If the dress comes into contact with water, it will be irreparably ruined.
Right then, her phone, which she placed on the seat, lit up.
Roxanne glanced at it and realized it was a text from Lucian.
It read: There’s underwear in the box in the trunk. | bought the same brand you used to buy, but I’m not sure if you'll like it. Roxanne’s cheeks turned pink after she read the text.
Did Lucian seriously buy me underwear? Am | dreaming?
Roxanne had never imagined that Lucian would do such a thing for her six years ago, let alone after he proposed to her. 
###Chapter 1347
Chapter 1347
Chapter 1347 Roxanne sprawled on the backseat and poked her head into the trunk.
There was an exquisite black box right in the middle of the trunk which belonged to the underwear brand she used to wear. This brand was only available locally and sold in offline stores, so Roxanne couldn’t buy it when she was overseas.
After her return, she didn’t have time to head to the store in person to buy new underwear.
She couldn't help but grow curious when she imagined Lucian shopping in the store with his expressionless face.
| can barely imagine it!
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief when she saw the box in the trunk.
Fortunately, he didn’t put the box in the backseat. If the boys were to see the box, | couldn’t imagine how he’d explain it to them. Roxanne couldn't face the boys if Lucian were to tell them the contents of the box directly.
She hesitated briefly before retrieving the box.
Despite feeling shy, she had to wear it, as Lucian had paid for it, and she didn’t want to stain the new dress.
Roxanne’s cheeks turned crimson when she tried on the new bra.
She attempted to hook the bra from the first row to the last row, but it was a struggle. Even when she finally succeeded, the bra still felt too tight.
Never in Roxanne’s wildest dreams did she expect Lucian to buy the same brand of underwear she had liked six years ago and the same size she had worn back then at that.
After she gave birth, her bosom had increased in size, making her barely able to fit into her old size. Alas, she had no choice but to make do with it.
Roxanne hastily put on the dress and folded the clothes she and the kids had changed out of. After the embarrassment in her heart faded away, she opened the car door and hopped out.
“Mommy, you're so pretty!”
The kids were splashing around in the sea under Lucian’s supervision.
Their eyes lit up when they saw Roxanne clad in the dress.
Roxanne’s skin was as pale as milk, but the ocean-blue dress accentuated her complexion and made her radiate.
Her long hair flowed down her back like a cascade of silk. The ocean breeze blew, causing her dress and hair to sway in the air. Roxanne’s gentle smile was complemented by the way the dress hugged her curves.
Lucian’s gaze turned dark as he regarded her silently.
| can’t believe she looks seductive in this dress! Six years ago, she often came to the beach dressed like this. Many people must've seen her, but | only noticed how gorgeous she looks today!
“Mr. Farwell!” Wanting to make up for his mistake, Benny decided to create an opportunity for them. “You picked a suitable dress for Mommy!”
Lucian snapped back to his senses and shot Benny a half-smile. His gaze was still fixed on Roxanne. Benny’s words reignited the embarrassment that Roxanne had tried hard to suppress earlier.
Sensing Lucian’s gaze on her, Roxanne blinked twice and averted her gaze shyly. “Thanks. This dress must be expensive. How much is it? I'll transfer the money to you later,” she said softly.
Instead of answering her question, Lucian asked, “Do you like it?” Roxanne sighed. “It’s been a while since | last wore a dress.”
She stretched out her hand, trying to comb her hair, which had been ruffled by the cold breeze, and slowly turned her head to look at the sea. She felt as if she had traveled back in time to six years ago.
However, she wasn’t alone now, as Lucian and the kids were with her. 
###Chapter 1348
Chapter 1348
Chapter 1348 Lucian watched as she gazed at the sea silently. His eyes grew dark as guilt rose in his heart.
She must've stood here alone six years ago. What could she be thinking of? Was she blaming me?
He slowly approached her, his eyes revealing the guilt and affection that had been building up inside of him for the past six years.
Roxanne turned over her shoulder to realize that there was someone standing beside her. She was suddenly transported back in time, and the man’s presence filled the void that had been left in her life.
“A penny for your thoughts.” Lucian suddenly spoke when he noticed the change in her expression.
Roxanne snapped out of her reverie and flashed a nonchalant smile. “It's nothing. The ocean looks somewhat different today, that’s all.”
That would explain why she felt different when she had been here before. Lucian looked at her silently before suddenly reaching out to pull her into his arms. Behind him, the children were taken aback.
They quickly recalled how they had interrupted the adults’ hug previously and promptly covered their eyes with their hands, but their lips curled into smiles nonetheless.
Benny couldn't stop himself from peeking through the gaps of his fingers.
He saw Roxanne regaining her composure several seconds later and tried to push Lucian away. “The kids are here. Stop it.” Lucian buried his head in the nape of her neck and mumbled, “They won't peek.”
Roxanne furrowed her brows at his answer. She was about to protest when the kids’ adorable voices rang out.
“Mommy, we didn’t see anything!”
She slowly scanned the row of children and saw that they had all covered their eyes with their hands. They were standing still with huge smiles on their faces.
They couldn’t see anything now but had seen everything a while ago.
“They didn’t see a thing,” Lucian assured her, feigning nonchalance and tightening his grip around her waist.
With no other choice, Roxanne relaxed and allowed him to hug her. “What is it? Hurry, spill. The children are still waiting for us.” Lucian was overwhelmed with a mix of emotions.
He had no idea why he had reached out to hug her earlier.
Perhaps it was because he felt guilty, or perhaps he just couldn't help himself.
After a long moment of silence, Lucian said in a hoarse voice, “Can you promise me you'll only wear this kind of dress for me?”
Lucian couldn't help but feel captivated by Roxanne’s alluring appearance in the ocean-blue dress. He couldn't shake off the guilt he felt for what happened six years ago and wanted to make it up to her in any way he could.
Roxanne was moved as she naturally understood the underlying meaning of his words.
However, she could barely believe her ears.
“I'll Keep you company when you want to come to the beach. You won’t be alone anymore.”
Lucian’s huge palm brushed across her waist.
Roxanne felt a tickling sensation and immediately jolted back to her senses. Finally, she dared to believe that it was true. Her hands balled into fists as she gave a conflicted nod.
Having received her answer, Lucian loosened his grip on her waist.
Roxanne thought he was finally going to let her go, but she had no idea he'd lean down to give her a kiss.
Seeing that, Roxanne quickly glanced at the kids and avoided Lucian’s kiss without hesitation.
Lucian seemed displeased that he didn’t manage to kiss her.
Roxanne cleared her throat awkwardly. “All right, since you're here, let's have fun together with the kids at the beach.” 
###Chapter 1349
Chapter 1349
Chapter 1349 Lucian could tell Roxanne only had the children’s best interests at heart, so he did not force her. “Let's go.”
The children lowered their arms slowly upon hearing his voice and studied Roxanne with surreptitious smiles. Although they had covered their eyes earlier, their ears had remained open, and they had heard it all.
Mommy promised to wear a dress like this only for Daddy. Does that mean Mommy has him in her heart? No, Mommy has always been thinking of Daddy. She was only forced to reject his proposal because of Grandma.
Archie’s and Benny’s smiles faded a little when they thought of that.
Asecond later, they were swept off their feet into their father’s embrace.
The boys froze in surprise before catching sight of the ocean in the distance, and their faces lit up once more. With Roxanne leading Estella by the hand, the five of them sauntered along the beach.
Tired of being carried too long, the boys became so restless and bored that they struggled to free themselves from Lucian’s arms.
Accommodating their wishes, Lucian placed them on the beach, and the children chased each other into the distance. Feeling a little worried, Roxanne strode after them. Lucian jogged along, but at the thought of something, he slowed to a stroll in their wake.
A twinkle appeared in Lucian’s eyes as he watched Roxanne play with the children. He fished out his phone and took some photos of them.
Remembering how much she enjoyed taking pictures of the children the last time they went on vacation, he felt a responsibility to document the children’s growth.
Although she had never mentioned it, Lucian knew she would love to be in the children’s lives. However, there was never anybody else to take her place behind the camera, which resulted in her absence in the photographs. Roxanne had barely spent any time with the children before she excused herself.
As much as she wanted to continue playing with them, the activity caused her to bend over, drawing her already uncomfortable undergarments tighter around her skin.
She was worried that the delicates would wear themselves out if she kept going.
Blushing profusely, she removed herself from the children’s company with a shifty smile and said, “I’m a little tired. You guys play among yourselves.”
To her relief, the children did not ask any questions.
They wanted their parents to spend some alone time together.
“What's wrong? Are you unwell?”
Lucian put aside his phone at her approach, alarmed by her peculiar expression.
His gaze did not so much as leave her figure when he was taking photographs earlier, and he noticed she would make an odd
gesture now and then. After bending over, she would straighten up almost instinctively. It happened enough times to rouse his suspicion.
| wonder if she’s feeling unwell.
Roxanne’s cheeks turned even redder. “I’m fine...”
| can’t tell Lucian he bought me undersized underwear!
Just the thought of it made Roxanne grimace with embarrassment.
Frowning with worry, Lucian touched her forehead under the assumption of her being feverish but did not detect anything unusual.
“You're not having a fever. What could it be?” Roxanne bit her lip, too embarrassed to speak.
Lucian was really worried. “Let’s call it a day. We'll stop by the hospital for a check-up.” 
###Chapter 1350
Chapter 1350
Chapter 1350 At those words, Roxanne looked at the children in the distance who were having the time of their lives.
| wonder if it's the feeling of security Lucian brings that makes the children appear much happier than they used to be. She could not bear to spoil their mood, seeing as the children did not have many outings.
Roxanne steeled herself to reject Lucian’s suggestion. “I’m not unwell. My clothes just aren't the best fit to get physical in.” Lucian merely fixed her with a penetrating gaze. “Where? Are they too loose?”
Seizing the opportunity, Roxanne nodded.
His voice, carrying hints of displeasure, sounded a moment later. “It shouldn’t preclude you from playing with the children if it is loose fitting. | felt it when | hugged you earlier, and it fits you just fine.”
Roxanne’s cheeks grew redder than ever. She glared helplessly up at him. My words could not be clearer, yet he still doubts me. Does he want me to spell it out? Noticing the fury in the woman’s gaze, Lucian gave her an inscrutable smile and leaned in close to her.
Before she could retreat, he was already in front of her. “Did | buy the undergarments in the wrong size?” he asked softly, sweeping his gaze over her bust.
Instinctively, Roxanne covered them with her hands.
His low chuckle sounded again.
“| bought this according to an order you placed six years ago, but I’d forgotten you bore children. My mistake.” Roxanne felt her ears scorch. She turned her head silently away from his hot breath at her ear.
Lucian’s voice still found its mark. “I can’t take all the blame. After all, you never gave me a chance to take the measurements. | would remember it after measuring it once, and | won’t buy the wrong size again.”
Roxanne was outraged by his shameless words.
After six years apart, he has become more shameless. This isn’t the Lucian | know.
Her heartbeat quickened in her consternation. She was so nervous that she dared not examine Lucian’s expression. To her relief, he did not press her.
Seeing her panic, he averted his gaze with a laugh and reached for his phone from his pocket. “Since you're restricted from running around, do you want to take a look at the pictures | took?”
Like a startled rabbit, Roxanne was looking around for a place to hide in embarrassment. As a result, she did not hear what he said.
Lucian frowned slightly but remained patient with her. “The kids enjoy having you around.”
The resolve in Roxanne’s gaze wavered at the mention of the children.
“Essie looks like you when she smiles. Here.”
Lucian scrolled through the photographs, making brief remarks about each while observing Roxanne’s expression.
At every mention of the children, her gaze would shift over slightly.
“Let me see.”
At last, Roxanne gave in to the temptation of seeing the photograph where Estella’s smile resembled hers and leaned closer to Lucian.
Basking in the satisfaction of gaining her trust, Lucian did not complicate matters for her any further and placed the phone in her hand.
Roxanne took it eagerly, fixing her eyes on the group photo with the children, and she felt a surge of gratitude. 
###Chapter 1351
Chapter 1351
Chapter 1351 It was her first photograph with the three children.
More importantly, it was after learning that Estella was the baby whom she had thought died prematurely. “Thank you,” she said gratefully.
Looking at her trembling hands, Lucian pulled her into his arms. “If you want to thank me, then reconsider my proposal. | was lying to you. | can’t wait much longer. Six years is long enough. | don’t want to keep waiting.”
Roxanne lowered her head without answering. Her eyes brimmed with guilt.
Having detected something in her silence, Lucian released her with a sigh and gave her a kind smile. “It’s all right. | can wait a little longer. Besides, I’m sure you wouldn’t bear to keep me waiting too long.”
Roxanne looked away, not knowing what to say. Meanwhile, having tired themselves out, the children came running over to the adults. “Mommy, what were you looking at earlier?”
Benny could tell that something was wrong between their parents, so he hurriedly tried to change the subject. Clutching Roxanne’s arm, he asked to see the phone in her hand.
Heaving a sigh of relief, she crouched beside him to show him the photographs.
Initially only intending to help his father out of the predicament, Benny was pleasantly surprised to learn how nice the photographs his father had taken looked and was momentarily mesmerized.
“Wow, Mommy! You and Essie look so much alike when you smile!” He found the photograph of his mother and sister smiling. “We've never noticed this!”
Having also just seen that photograph, Roxanne felt emotional. Estella leaned closer curiously to Benny and gazed at the photograph. Amoment later, she arrived at a verdict. “Mommy is pretty!”
Benny’s cheeks puffed with pride. “Of course. Mr. Farwell took it! He has never taken a bad picture of Mommy!” He then turned around and pretended to comfort his sister. “You are still young. When you grow up, you will be as pretty as Mommy!”
Estella turned to Roxanne beside her at those words. At the thought of how beautiful she would be in a few years, she smiled so broadly that her eyes turned to slits.
Roxanne caressed the children’s heads as she said to Lucian, “The children must be hungry. Let's call it a day and find someplace to eat.”
Then, she turned and sought the children’s opinion.
Starving, the children nodded eagerly at the question.
Lucian announced promptly, “I’ve booked a restaurant. Let’s go.” The family got into the car.
The three children squeezed behind while Roxanne sat in the passenger seat.
“What is this?”
The children noticed the box which contained the undergarments and gazed curiously at the adults.
With a jolt, Roxanne remembered that she had forgotten to put the box back after changing her underwear. Confronted by the children’s questions, she was at a nervous loss for words.
“It's a box for clothes. Toss it into the trunk for me, will you?” Lucian’s nonchalant voice sounded beside her.
The children obliged and tossed the box to the trunk.
Roxanne heaved a massive sigh of relief. She gazed up at the man beside her with the intention of thanking him. Instead, she met his mischievous gaze.
Roxanne froze when their eyes met and flushed crimson.
“Thank you,” she mumbled her gratitude and turned away, trying hard to calm her pounding heart. 
###Chapter 1352
Chapter 1352
Chapter 1352 As the restaurant in which Lucian had made reservations was not far from the beach, it took less than twenty minutes for the family to arrive.
Roxanne helped the children out of the car, and Lucian went off in search of a parking spot. “Is that Roxanne? | can’t believe she dares to show herself.”
An unfamiliar voice rang out.
Roxanne turned in the direction of the remark in confusion.
Two figures who had emerged from the restaurant were openly pointing and casting strange looks at the three children beside her.
“Those two are her kids, aren't they? And the little girl beside them is the heiress of the Farwell family?”
The pair gossiped as they walked, pretending she did not exist. “How trusting of Mr. Farwell to leave his kid in her care.” Roxanne heard their words clearly, and a strange sense of unease surfaced within her.
For some reason, she noticed how everybody they passed by was giving them the same strange look.
Hearing those words as well, Archie and Benny noticed the manner in which the strangers looked at them.
Turning to his brother in a panic, Benny feared that the rumor mill on the internet was causing them trouble again. Otherwise, why would these people look at us like that?
Archie’s expression grew taut, like a wary little fox. With several noiseless steps forward, he stood before Roxanne. Upon his arrival, Lucian noticed the hostile and wary looks on the four of them.
“What's going on?” he asked with a frown.
Roxanne became inexplicably calm at his arrival and shook her head. “Nothing. Let’s head inside.”
| am likely overthinking. After all, these people don’t know me. There’s no reason for them to hate me.
The pair led the children into the restaurant.
Perhaps because of Lucian’s presence, the ones who had given them strange looks earlier averted their gazes. Roxanne heaved a secret sigh of relief.
To divert his attention, she brought up the problem with Estella’s accommodations.
“Can Essie stay with me for another two days?”
Estella turned her large, unblinking eyes to her father. “I would like to stay with Mommy, Daddy!”
Lucian caressed the child’s head. “Sure, but you must listen to Mommy and not give her any trouble.”
Estella nodded obediently in response, beaming.
Roxanne put on a disapproving face. “It’s not the same as it used to be. Essie is my daughter. She can never trouble me.” Besides, | have never seen the child as being troublesome. Aware of the error in his words, he gave an apologetic smile. “My mistake.”
Initially only intending to make one grumbling remark, Roxanne became surprised at the speed with which he admitted his mistake and instinctively laughed alongside him.
His eyes, however, darkened.
From the moment they sat down, Lucian had sensed the other patrons occasionally looking at them with what seemed to him to be disgust in their eyes.
Whipping around suddenly, he caught the neighboring patrons before they could retract their gazes. The other customer shuddered when their eyes met, but it was too late to look away. “What are you looking at?”
Scowling, Lucian rose to stand before the man at the neighboring table, who waved his hand guiltily. “Nothing! | wasn’t looking at anything. | know nothing!” 
###Chapter 1353
Chapter 1353
Chapter 1353 Lucian narrowed his eyes dangerously as he scanned the inside of the restaurant.
When the others saw Lucian had gone looking for the man to settle the scores, they retracted their gazes guiltily. Meanwhile, the man was so scared he did not dare breathe loudly in front of Lucian.
Truth was, the man had no ill intentions.
He had only read the discussion on the internet and gotten curious about their relationship.
In fact, when the man saw Roxanne bringing along two sons of unknown origins, he figured Lucian would have some grudge against her.
To the man’s astonishment, Lucian seemed to be truly in love with Roxanne. Moreover, Roxanne did not look like a crafty person as described in the rumors.
Lucian suddenly thought of something and warned the man, “I don’t care what you think, but you’d better keep your eyes to yourself and not interrupt our meal.” After that, he instructed the waiter to move them to a different private room.
“What happened?”
Uneasiness swirled within Roxanne’s heart.
Flashing an assuring smile, Lucian said, “Nothing. Carry on with your meal. | need to make a call.”
With that, he exited the private room and called Cayden.
The call was connected instantly. “Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian’s expression was stern, and he exuded a gloomy aura. “How’s the public opinion on the internet now?”
Cayden sounded rather guilty. “The public opinion is one-sided, and they’re not in Mrs. Farwell’s favor. I’ve already assigned someone to handle it and trace the source.”
The situation had stabilized earlier, but for some unknown reason, negative comments began to appear. Cayden had dealt with it in a panic. He did not dare to call Lucian, for he knew the latter was with Roxanne. However, he never expected Lucian to make the call instead.
Lucian’s expression grew darker. “How long has it been? Why didn’t you tell me about it sooner?”
Cayden lowered his head, not daring to answer.
In the meantime, Roxanne, too, received a call from Linda in the private room.
Linda had originally been abroad, but ever since something happened to Colby, Roxanne had told her to return because she feared she could not handle all the work on her own.
They had been keeping in touch recently because of the research institute.
Seeing Linda calling her out of the blue, Roxanne naturally thought it was related to the research institute, so she answered it without hesitation.
“Dr. Jarvis, have you offended anyone?”
Linda’s words puzzled Roxanne. “Did something happen?”
Linda briefly recounted the discussion on the internet and summarized by saying, “I think they’re targeting you on purpose. Someone's slandering you behind your back.”
Roxanne’s eyes dimmed when she learned about what the internet was saying about her. She could roughly guess who the person behind all of it was. Apart from Aubree, no one would call Roxanne a homewrecker.
Linda continued, “At first, | thought | shouldn’t get involved since this is your private matter, but this is affecting the research institute’s reputation. We know it’s someone slandering you, but the others don’t. Many collaborators have requested to cancel the contract because of this. They’re afraid your reputation might collapse and affect them.”
Roxanne felt her heart sink when she heard that. “I got it. Indeed, this one’s caused by my private matters. Negotiate with them about the cancellation of the contract. I'll do my best to deal with the matters on my end.”
Linda hummed in agreement. 
###Chapter 1354
Chapter 1354
By the time Lucian hung up and returned to the private room, he saw Roxanne lowering her head and reading something on her phone.
The scowl on her face made him frown. He figured she was reading the contents of the discussion. “You know about it already?” Lucian asked as he walked over to sit beside her.
Roxanne did not look up. She kept her eyes fixed on the post that was constantly updating with insulting comments targeted at her.
There were also comments that speculated the background of Archie and Benny.
Roxanne could bear the insults hurled at her. However, she could not help but feel bad when her children were dragged into the mess as well.
“Mommy, what’s wrong?” Estella was oblivious to the discussions online. She inched over to show her concern.
It was then that Roxanne snapped back to her senses. Putting away her phone hastily, she flashed Estella a smile as if nothing happened. “It’s nothing. Eat up.”
With that, she cast Archie and Benny an apologetic glance.
The boys had guessed there were changes to the discussions on the internet.
They surmised the reason Roxanne was giving them that look was that they had been dragged into the discussion as well. Not wanting to make Roxanne worry, they feigned ignorance and smiled meekly.
At the same time, Benny secretly clenched his fists.
That evil woman must've done something again. I'll teach her a lesson once | get back to my laptop.
“I'm sorry. It’s my fault for not dealing with it properly.” Lucian gazed into the woman’s eyes with worry.
Before entering the private room, he had read the discussions online, which were filled with insulting and degrading comments toward Roxanne.
Immediately, he knew she would be upset if she read them.
Glancing at the children, Roxanne whispered to Lucian, “Let's talk after the meal.”
She did not want the children to learn of the matter.
Understanding her intention, Lucian nodded with a heavy heart and said nothing else.
Thankfully, they had a peaceful meal after changing private rooms.
Archie and Benny were worried about the discussion that they lost the mood to fool around. They simply ate their food in silence. The meal was a gloomy one.
Once they finished the food, Lucian drove them straight to Roxanne’s house.
Roxanne stayed downstairs with Lucian after telling the children to go upstairs first.
“I'm sorry | didn’t deal with this properly. | didn’t expect Aubree to pull such a move after that lesson.”
Lucian’s heart was filled with fury. He hated himself for not dealing with Aubree using his methods.
Lowering her head, Roxanne uttered, “I’m not bothered about what they’re saying about me. This isn’t the first time, anyway. | just hope that Archie and Benny won’t get dragged into this mess. They have nothing to do with this.”
Lucian felt a twinge in his heart. “I know. I'll settle this as quickly as possible.”
When he finished his sentence, he gave her a conflicted look and asked cautiously, “It’s been so long. Can you tell me who Archie and Benny's father is already?”
Every time he pictured Roxanne with another man, he could not help but feel mad, not to mention she had children with another man.
Regardless, all he wanted at that moment was to keep her by his side.
No matter how much he cared about the past, he had no choice but to feign indifference. After all, the boys shared Roxanne’s blood, too.
Lucian would still treat Archie and Benny as if they were his own.
Still, he could not help but feel curious about their father’s identity. 
###Chapter 1355
Chapter 1355
Panic spread over Roxanne’s face when she heard the question. Archie and Benny’s father was right in front of her, yet she did not know how to answer him.
Lucian understood her intention when there was no answer from her after a long time. “It's okay if you don’t want to tell me. I'll look into it myself. I'll find out, eventually.”
“Don't.” Roxanne frowned.
Lucian’s expression darkened.
I can’t even look into him? Just who is this man?
Roxanne kept her head low as a myriad of emotions swam in her eyes. “I'll tell you when the time comes. Just don’t look into it.” | should be the one to tell him about the boys’ identities.
She did not dare to imagine what Lucian’s reaction would be if she let him dig into it.
Lucian fell silent for a long time. Seeing how anxious she looked, he agreed, “Okay. I'll wait for you to tell me.” He had prepared himself for the worst, thinking maybe Roxanne had been taken advantage of in the past.
He believed in her feelings for him six years ago and that she would not lose them so soon.
She might've been forced to bear those boys...
The thought of it flooded his heart with more remorse.
Oblivious to his thoughts, Roxanne could only flash him a grateful smile.
Lucian could not bear to see her feeling so worried. He got up and said, “Take good care of the children. I'll settle the discussion on the internet. Don’t worry.”
| couldn't protect her for the past six years. Now that we're finally together, | won’t let anyone harm her again.
With that, he spun on his heel and left.
After watching him leave, Roxanne made her way upstairs.
The children were hanging out in Archie and Benny's bedroom.
Ignored by the boys, Estella played with the toys on the side.
Archie and Benny huddled together in front of the computer, reading the discussion that had changed its direction.
“Mommy's not like that! It must be that evil woman’s doing. I’m going to teach her a lesson.” Benny balled his fists furiously. He placed the laptop on his thighs. He was about to begin his counterattack when suddenly a knock sounded on the door. The boys exchanged glances. Immediately, they shut the laptop and opened the door with a smile.
Standing at the door, Roxanne asked, “There’s something wrong with the laptop in the study. Can | borrow yours for a while?” The children were getting smarter. They would notice the uproar on the internet as long as they used the laptop.
Roxanne did not wish for them to be involved, so the only solution she could think of was to confiscate their laptop for the time being.
Naturally, the boys guessed her true intention and were reluctant to give her the device.
We haven't even taught that evil woman a lesson for bullying Mommy!
However, as soon as they recalled Lucian’s promise at the restaurant, they felt a wave of relief.
Daddy won't let that evil woman off.
At that thought, the children finally gave in.
“Okay. | was browsing the stock market just now, though. Give me a moment, Mommy,” said Archie nonchalantly. He then returned to open the laptop and cleared the browsing history before handing it to Roxanne.
Roxanne secretly sighed with relief upon receiving the laptop. “I'll get busy, then. Take care of Essie, okay?” The boys nodded obediently. When they saw Roxanne entering the study with the laptop, their faces promptly fell.
Hopefully Daddy can help us teach that evil woman a lesson. 
###Chapter 1356
Chapter 1356
Aubree’s joy did not last long, for the tables had turned that evening.
Farwell Group made an announcement again, clearly stating the reason for the annulment of the engagement between the Farwell and the Pearson family. At the same time, it also contained a warning for the people who contributed to the discussions on the internet.
One specific line in the announcement caused an uproar on the internet. It read: The Farwell and the Pearson family have annulled their engagement due to Aubree’s personality that is unfit for the role of Mr. Lucian Farwell’s wife.
Someone wrote: The Farwell family must’ve toned down their words. They’re a big family, after all. | bet Aubree has done something disgusting behind their backs. Farwell Group is already sparing her dignity by saying it's a personality problem.
Another wrote: So, who’s the problem now? Aubree or Roxanne?
Someone replied: Do you still need to ask that? Didn’t Farwell Group explain everything clearly in the announcement? It’s Aubree, of course! Who knows? She might even be the one who orchestrated the entire discussion on the internet.
Suddenly, the netizens began discussing among themselves.
Although the public was still curious about Archie’s and Benny’s identity, no one dared to bring it up after reading Farwell Group’s warning.
Roxanne secretly breathed a sigh of relief when she saw things had finally calmed on the internet. Even though Lucian had promised her he would settle that matter, she did not think it would be done so quickly.
Moreover, Lucian had filed lawsuits in the name of Farwell Group against those who slandered her.
That was basically announcing their relationship to the public.
Apeculiar feeling arose within Roxanne when she thought about that.
Since the matter had already been resolved, there was no reason for her to keep the boys’ laptop, so she returned it to them. After they got their laptop back, the first thing the children did was check the discussion on the internet.
Thanks to Lucian’s warning, the disrespectful posts toward Roxanne had been completely removed from the internet.
Farwell Group's latest announcement was at the top of the trending list. Everyone who clicked on it could see the announcement.
Naturally, the boys discovered it as well.
First, the children noticed Lucian had indirectly called Aubree out for having a poor personality, which made them applaud him. As expected, this has to be handled by Daddy. The effects wouldn’t be the same if we took care of it.
Next, they learned that Lucian was gathering evidence and filing lawsuits against those involved in the discussions.
Upon reading that, they naturally took up the responsibility to help collect evidence.
In less than half an hour, the children compiled all the evidence in a compressed folder and sent it to Farwell Group anonymously.
They would not let those netizens who insulted Roxanne off the hook.
One of the most crucial pieces of evidence in the compressed folder was the proof of Aubree transferring money to a media company.
It was only fifty million. The remaining balance of ten million had yet to be transferred.
Meanwhile, Cayden reported to Lucian the moment he received the compressed folder.
The evidence of Aubree bribing the media company made Lucian’s blood boil.
In fact, he had guessed the same thing and had assigned someone to look into it.
Never did he expect someone to find the evidence faster than them.
Taking in Lucian’s infuriated look, Cayden prompted carefully, “Mr. Farwell...”
“Since this company loves money so much that they’d go against Farwell Group for it, we’ll make them pay with all the money they earned,” Lucian said coldly.
Cayden nodded grimly.
Of course, he knew Lucian was not just referring to the five million Aubree transferred. It also included every cent the company had earned ever since its establishment.
How dare they bully Mrs. Farwell! That company won't be able to survive in the industry anymore! 
###Chapter 1357
Chapter 1357
Chapter 1357 Just as Cayden was about to leave to execute his orders, Lucian’s voice rang out behind him again.
“Where did the compressed folder come from?”
Lucian eyed the computer screen.
Everything in the folder was more detailed than the evidence gathered by Farwell Group’s technicians.
It even contained the personal information of the users who made the worst insults.
If Farwell Group were to file lawsuits, every single one of them would surely have to face punishment by the law. Lucian’s curiosity was amplified when he recalled the same person had taken action twice.
Whether the anonymous person was simply targeting Aubree or doing it to protect Roxanne, Lucian had no clue. If it were the latter, then he had to find the person.
Cayden looked conflicted when he heard Lucian’s question. “The technician’s still looking into it.”
This person must be the same one who posted the discussion this morning.
Alas, he did not know who that person was.
Farwell Group's technicians were among the best in the country. The supervisor of the department, especially, ranked third on the list of hackers.
Still, he could not find the identity of the anonymous person. While Cayden was feeling curious about the anonymous person's identity, he felt nervous for Lucian too.
After all, Roxanne had disappeared for six years. Now that she had returned, many outstanding men had begun appearing in her life.
| wonder what this hacker's relationship with Mrs. Farwell is. Don’t tell me he’s going to fight with Mr. Farwell for Mrs. Farwell’s heart...
Lucian’s expression grew darker as he ordered frostily, “File lawsuits against everyone listed in the name list. One more thing, find the anonymous person no matter what it takes.”
Even if Lucian did not care about Roxanne’s relationship with the anonymous person, he still wanted to find out the reason for the latter to make such a move. After all, the person had great hacking skills.
Who knows? He might attack Farwell Group one day if I let such an elusive hacker roam freely.
Cayden acknowledged it at once. “Understood. I'll execute your orders right away.”
With that, he left hastily.
That night, Ocean Media officially announced its bankruptcy.
At the same time, Samuel received a call from Lucian.
Thinking Sonya had actually begged Lucian for mercy on their behalf, Samuel answered it with anticipation. “What's the matter, Lucian?”
Lucian’s voice was laced with anger as he warned, “Mr. Pearson, you'd better watch your daughter and stop letting her do stupid things that test my limits. If not, Pearson Group will face worse consequences than this.”
The anticipation within Samuel was instantly doused by Lucian’s words. Horrified, he asked, “What did Aubree do? Please tell me the details. | promise I'll teach her a lesson.”
“You don’t even know what she’s done? Looks like your apology that day was just a perfunctory one. If that’s the case, don’t blame me for not sparing your dignity one last time.”
Samuel's heart was flooded with panic. To his dismay, Lucian had already hung up before he could even ask more questions. Recalling Lucian’s words, Samuel flew into a rage.
Aubree again! She has only gone out this morning. What stupid thing has she done this time to make Lucian so mad?
Upon hanging up, Samuel stormed up the stairs.
Aubree was sitting in her bedroom, looking grim.
As soon as she had contacted the media company, she had gone home and happily watched the drama unfold.
Little did she expect the tables to turn again that night. 
###Chapter 1358
Chapter 1358
Her face contorted with anger when she saw Farwell Group’s new announcement trending. On top of that, the announcement clearly stated it was Aubree’s personality that caused the annulment of the engagement. How could Lucian do this to me?
Anetizen commented: I’ve met Aubree before. Sure enough, she’s not all that great. She always looks down on others as if we're inferior to her.
Another comment read: | heard Aubree even scolded the daughter of the Farwell family and called her Little Mute. Back then, | thought I’d gotten the wrong person because they hadn't called off their engagement yet. Now that | see it, it's definitely Aubree. No wonder Mr. Farwell wants to renounce the engagement.
The more Aubree read, the darker her expression grew. Everyone, no matter their identity, was stepping out to criticize her.
Hmph! What do they know? It’s all Roxanne’s doing! Who knows what she said to Lucian? It’s clearly that b*tch’s fault. What right do they have to criticize me?
Aubree was seeing red. Just as she was about to contact the media company to attack Roxanne again, the person in charge beat her to it. “You called me at the perfect time. | want you to post the news from this—”
Before she could even finish, the person on the other end of the line questioned, “Ms. Pearson, didn’t you say our company won't be affected? What’s happening now?”
Aubree froze for several seconds before frowning. “What's wrong? What happened?” The person in charge sounded as if he was hiding somewhere. Although his voice was soft, his anger was notable.
“The assistant of Farwell Group’s CEO brought his men to our company and even showed us evidence of our illegal acts from the past. They want to send us to jail. They even seized our company!”
Suddenly, Aubree felt a chill run down her spine.
The person in charge continued, “And now, our company’s bankrupt. I’ve lost all my money! Where's the balance of the ten million you promised? Transfer it to me now! I’m going to go into hiding with that—”
Before he could finish, Aubree hung up.
It took her a while to register the fact that Cayden had brought his men to the media company. Does that mean Lucian knows it’s my doing already?
The thought of that possibility made her break out in a cold sweat.
Lucian said he wanted to send me to jail for attacking Roxanne earlier. He'll never let me off the hook if he finds out I’m the one behind this again.
As she was feeling fearful and uneasy, her broken room door was suddenly pushed open.
At that, Aubree hastily put away her phone and gazed at the door.
All she saw was her father marching over with a gloomy expression.
“Dad...”
Aubree was already feeling extremely guilty. Her voice ttembled more when she noticed Samuel’s expression. Glowering at her, Samuel fumed, “What did you do again?”
Aubree shuddered, and her subconscious self decided to hide the truth. “What are you—”
To her horror, Samuel grabbed her by the neck and lifted her up from the bed before she could finish.
“If you did nothing, why would Lucian suddenly tell me to watch you carefully? If you did nothing, why would he suddenly tell me Pearson Group would face worse consequences? Do you take everyone for a fool?”
Samuel's eyes were bloodshot as rage surged in his heart.
Aubree could barely breathe. “Dad, let me go... | was wrong...” 
###Chapter 1359
Chapter 1359
Samuel was so infuriated that he lost his composure.
“You imbecile! Didn't | tell you not to mess with Roxanne? Why didn’t you listen? Do you want our entire family to pay the price with our lives?” Samuel tightened his grip with each second.
Aubree was losing her breath as she struggled, causing her to knock something off the floor, which produced a loud sound. Upon hearing the sound, Gina hurriedly went over to comfort Aubree as she thought the latter was throwing things out of anger. However, the sight of Samuel strangling Aubree was what greeted her right after she went through the door.
“Samuel, what are you doing?”
Gina’s knees went weak for a while before she rushed to them and pried Samuel off of Aubree.
Falling to the floor, Aubree held her neck while panting heavily.
“What happened? Wasn't everything fine earlier? Sonya has even agreed to ask Lucian for forgiveness on our behalf. Why did you lose your temper again?” Gina questioned in dissatisfaction as her heart broke for her daughter.
“What did | lose my temper again, you ask? Why don’t you ask this imbecile of yours about what she did? Because of her, Lucian’s outraged once again! Not to mention Sonya, even Mr. Elias can’t save us this time!”
As Gina heard that, her hand on Aubree’s back froze as she stared at the latter in disbelief. “What did you do this time?”
In a state of frenzy, Aubree shouted, “I didn’t do anything wrong! That b*tch asked for it! She was the one who messed with me first!”
When her words fell, Samuel slapped her so hard she fell to the floor again. “You still show no remorse, huh? You’re grounded from now on! Don’t even think of stepping foot outside of this house!”
Wearing a gloomy look, Aubree held her cheek. Roxanne, that b*tch! | will never forgive her! Lucian kept his word. He showed Pearson Group no mercy.
In just a short period of time, nearly all business partners of Pearson Group put their termination contracts forward on the grounds that the Pearsons might ruin their reputation.
Not only could Pearson Group not afford to pay a single penny of the liquidated damages, but they could possibly face a huge sum of compensation as well.
That night, the Pearson family members gathered in Samuel's living room.
“What exactly did Aubree do to get Farwell Group to target us like this, Samuel?” asked someone who could remain calm, trying to clarify with Samuel to see if there was a way to make things right.
However, Samuel was too embarrassed to speak.
The members of the Pearson family had not been that supportive of the marriage contract between Aubree and Lucian.
Initially, they welcomed the idea, as they could gain Farwell Group's support, but after observing Lucian’s attitude in the past few years, they suggested dissolving the marriage contract. After all, they were certain Lucian would not stop supporting them because of the favor he owed Old Mr. Pearson. If they delayed further, Lucian’s patience might run thin.
Even so, Samuel and his family did not believe it as they clung to hope, only to backfire when the prophecy came true—Farwell Group ruthlessly oppressed Pearson Group as a result of a falling out.
“This is all your fault!” someone scolded. “What do you plan to do now?” Forcing a smile, Samuel replied, “I'll ask Aubree to come here now so she can apologize to all of you.”
As his words fell, Gina quickly had someone call Aubree to the living room. 
###Chapter 1360
Chapter 1360
Coming down the stairs, Aubree spotted her father surrounded by the other relatives pointing their fingers at him and questioning him.
“What are you guys doing?” Aubree asked after seeing the scene. In the entire Pearson family, their family was the superior one; they had never received such treatment. Hearing her voice, everyone turned to look at her.
“You still have the guts to question us, huh? You know, had you not offended Lucian, our family would not have been like this right now. Old Mr. Pearson established Pearson Group all by himself. It’s not something you can toy with! You’re the one who messed up, but why do we have to bear the consequences as well?”
Aubree appeared in a wretched state as her cheek was still swollen, and Samuel’s handprint did not fade.
Aubree was so infuriated that her hand started trembling. “Oh, we're talking about that now, are we? Didn’t all of you also bask in the glory when Pearson Group was at its peak?”
If not for the marriage contract between Lucian and me, there’s no way Pearson Group would've been that magnificent. Yet, here they are, making all this noise.
Everyone exchanged glances, not knowing how to retort.
As for Samuel, he could finally heave a sigh of relief, but he still felt as if his family was at fault, so he stood in the middle of the room while wearing an unpleasant expression. “Aubree, apologize to everyone right now!”
“Why should I? | didn’t do anything wrong!” Aubree retaliated. “Did they thank us when they enjoyed the things we achieved?” These hypocrites are disgusting! Aubree’s words hit them like a truck as they stared at each other.
After some time, someone finally uttered, “The most important thing right now is to come up with a solution to this crisis. Bickering like this won't get us anywhere.”
“That’s right. We aren’t here to bicker; we’re here so everyone could think of something to solve this issue,” another one quickly agreed.
Taking a seat on the couch tiredly, Samuel asked, “So what solution have you thought of?” There was no way Lucian would let go of any Pearsons.
As Samuel had handled this all day long, he had no energy left.
The living room went pin-drop silent again.
All of a sudden, one of them muttered, “Farwell Group is targeting you; we're not the ones who crossed them. If you're willing to give up your right to manage the company and withdraw as the head of the authority, Farwell Group will probably be a bit lenient toward us.”
In an instant, the others voiced their agreement.
“We don’t have anything against you managing the company, but what he said makes sense. If you're not willing to do that, all of us will go down with you.”
“As long as Pearson Group stands, you will always have food on your table.”
Everyone spoke one after another as though Samuel and his family were some sort of sinners.
Samuel had his head down, unable to rebuke.
The others’ behaviors enraged Aubree as she bellowed, “Shut up! Who do you think you are? You're just a bunch of hypocrites! How dare you point your fingers at us!”
Staring at her, everyone went silent, but they knew Samuel would do as they said. Aubree looked at her father, about to ask him to reject their ideas.
However, before she could say anything, Samuel stated, “Understood. I'll do as you suggested. I’m willing to let go of some of my shares.” 
###Chapter 1361
Chapter 1361
Chapter 1361 Upon hearing her father’s words, Aubree felt her legs turn to jelly as she sat on the stairs.
We've sacrificed so much for Pearson Group, only for him to give in this easily. Lucian doesn’t want me anymore, and | can’t secure Pearson Group. | have nothing now!
As she was in a state of despair, all she felt was immense hatred toward Roxanne. If not for that b*tch, | wouldn’t be like this now!
The news of the Farwell family dissolving the marriage contract with the Pearson family spread like wildfire in the upper circle of Horington.
Once the marriage contract was terminated, Jack was aware of the situation.
He did not understand why Lucian canceled the contract, and he felt a little uneasy, so he had his assistant investigate the matter.
The next morning, his assistant reported, “Mr. Damaris, there’s a rumor spreading among the public that Mr. Farwell’s daughter is also Ms. Jarvis’. Ms. Jarvis has only recently found out about this. | can’t say for sure if this is the reason Ms. Jarvis’ attitude toward Mr. Farwell has changed, but they have both grown closer with each other lately.”
When the assistant’s words fell, Jack’s expression darkened.
So Estella is Lucian and Roxanne’s daughter. It’s no wonder | always heard how Estella fears everyone but seems close to Roxanne. Now | know why Lucian has never broken off contact with Roxanne. It turns out they have this sort of relationship. I’ve always known they were once married to each other, but not to the point of having a child. This just makes things difficult for me.
Immense dissatisfaction filled Jack.
Ever since he made acquaintance with Roxanne in the medical consultation and observed her phenomenal medical skills, he knew she was the best choice for him as a life partner.
Yet, she already had a child with another man. He had always been interested in the medical field and had been seeking to make a breakthrough in this industry. To him, Roxanne was the first brilliant woman in the medical field, so he was inevitably attracted to her.
He hoped that Roxanne bore the same ideas as him—to improve medically so they could go further in this field, as that was the only way he could think of that could bring them together.
He believed as long as they got together, it would be of great benefit to each other. Because of that, he had endlessly made efforts to get close to Roxanne, hoping he could be together with her naturally.
However, in the end, Roxanne still chose Lucian over him.
“Lucian! Him again! Why does he always meddle in everything | do?”
Out of anger, Jack swept everything on his table to the floor.
He snatched Herbscape Group and Roxanne from me!
At the thought of the incident with Herbscape Group, Jack felt his anger skyrocket.
Jack had always been the golden child who had never failed, and he grew up being showered with compliments.
The affair with Herbscape Group was the first time he confronted someone and was put in a disadvantageous position.
And now he’s snatching my other half away. There’s no way I'll let that happen! | need to get Roxanne back! She and | will definitely conquer the world if we both develop further in the medical industry. So what if Lucian’s the cream of the crop in the business world? We can measure up to him medically! 
###Chapter 1362
Chapter 1362
Chapter 1362 Roxanne was totally unaware of the children’s involvement in Aubree’s predicament.
Upon waking up the following morning, she wasted no time browsing the discussion online.
Lucian’s announcement from the night before topped the trending topics, above the other popular topics from the day before that lay below, forgotten. The search phrases of the posts were also almost completely deleted.
Roxanne deemed the matter resolved and was finally appeased.
She was getting out of bed to prepare breakfast for the children when Jack suddenly called.
Roxanne picked up at once, thinking it pertained to the project. “What happened, Mr. Damaris?”
She sounded apologetic, as she feared her being the subject of tabloid gossip would affect the project.
Jack sounded concerned on the other end. “Are you all right? | saw the comments online yesterday and considered dropping by, but | was swamped. Now that I have some time to spare, I’m calling to check if the comments have brought you down.”
Roxanne froze before a feeling of warmth engulfed her heart. “Thank you for your concern, Mr. Damaris. I’m fine. Besides, the matter has been resolved. I’m just concerned it might affect our project.”
Jack laughed, seemingly unbothered. “I’m just glad you’re okay. | got the project handled, and nothing will happen.” “Thank you for all your hard work of late,” Roxanne said gratefully. “I’m well-rested now and will return to work next week.”
“No rush. I’m not calling you for that,” Jack said, his tone mysterious. “I thought you might be feeling down from the incident yesterday, so | called to ask if you'd like to have a day out to feel better.”
This offer sounds like a date. Frowning slightly, Roxanne rejected without hesitation, “No, thank—”
Before she could finish speaking, Jack cut her off, “Don’t be so hasty to turn me down. Having a day out is the secondary reason for my asking. The first is that my grandfather wants me to take you to the Damaris family’s medical consultation to teach you some of our family’s medical arts while we're there.”
Since he had invoked Hector’s name, Roxanne could not say no.
Besides, she became tempted by the prospect of learning the Damaris family's secrets.
“There is a nursing home in Jadeborough. The person in charge disappeared with the funds and left behind many elderly people who needed help, plus some kind-hearted staff. Despite their best intentions to care for the elderly, there aren’t enough funds. Some even starved to death, while others had a relapse.” Jack spared no detail in describing the condition of the medical consultation to her. “This is a mission with a lot at stake. The Damaris family is mobilizing every doctor from the project to Jadeborough next week to help treat the elderly. Grandpa recognizes your skill and left me repeated reminders to include you in this mission.”
Then, as if worried about making her uncomfortable, he added, “It'll take a little longer this time, so we will spend two days in Jadeborough. If you cannot spare the time, | won't force you. | understand you have your own children to care for.”
Roxanne would not turn him down at the chance to learn the Damaris family’s medical arts and to aid elderly people who were critically in need of medical attention. “All right, | will be there on time.”
Jack’s eyes flashed with glee. “Then I'll be there waiting for you.”
Roxanne promised to go without hesitation. 
###Chapter 1363
Chapter 1363
Chapter 1363 After hanging up, Roxanne headed upstairs to summon the children to breakfast.
Estella was still in her bedroom, sprawled on her bed in a deep sleep. Roxanne woke her and led her to wash up before knocking on Archie and Benny's bedroom door. Already up, the two boys were huddled together to read the comments online.
Their respect for their father increased for how he had handled the incident when they saw that the posts had almost completely been deleted.
We'll see who else dares to slander Mommy after this!
Upon hearing the knock on their door, the boys jumped and slammed the laptop shut before running to answer it. “You boys are awake! Come down and eat.”
Roxanne beamed with pride when she noticed her sons had already brushed their teeth.
The boys nodded, shut the bedroom door behind them, and followed their mother down the stairs.
“I'm going on a business trip for several days starting tomorrow. Linda will be over to babysit. Be good and do as she says, understood?”
Roxanne brought up her trip to the children during their meal, causing them to suddenly lose appetite at those words. “You're going away, Mommy? Can we come along?”
As their mother had been staying home with them instead of being at work this whole time, her sudden declaration of going away for several days saddened the children.
Estella was most reluctant of all. “Let me come along, Mommy! I can’t be without you.” The child felt uncomfortable with the prospect of parting with her mother so soon. Roxanne gazed at Estella’s uneasy expression and felt her heart ache.
| know how hard I'll be working once | arrive there, and | will not be able to give the children the attention they need. It’s better for them to remain at home.
Spurred by that thought, Roxanne turned her down firmly. “I'll be very busy with work, but you can call me if you miss me. | will always pick up.”
Still looking a little upset, Estella turned to face the two boys, hoping they would speak up for her. Archie and Benny gazed tenderly at their little sister, but they knew how busy their mother could be at work. When they lived abroad, she would be gone for two to three days at a time, but not before handing them over to Linda’s care.
“Be good, Essie. Ms. Linda is fun and will take good care of us. Mommy will be back before you know it!”
Archie stroked Estella’s arm. Estella puffed up her cheeks morosely before returning to her meal with her head bowed. Archie then turned to his mother. “What is your current business trip about, Mommy?”
Not intending to keep things for them, Roxanne recounted Jack's conversation with her while emphasizing the deplorable state the nursing home was in and that she would be too busy to pay them much mind.
The children nodded obediently after being informed she would be working at the medical consultation. “Those poor elderly people. You must help them, Mommy. We will be here waiting patiently for your return.”
“| will await your return patiently too, Mommy!” Estella chimed in.
Roxanne was deeply moved by her children’s thoughtfulness. “Thank you. | will resolve matters as quickly as | can and hurry back to you.”
The children finished their meal obediently, occasionally giving her bits of morsel.
The meal was a harmonious one. 
###Chapter 1364
Chapter 1364
Roxanne intended to take the children out after breakfast, but Archie and Benny rejected her offer. “We're still tired from yesterday, Mommy, and would like to stay in today. Besides, Essie must want you to herself since you'll be leaving on your trip tomorrow.”
Estella did not know what the two older boys were planning, but she did want to spend time with her mother.
“Let's stay in today, Mommy!” She nodded without hesitation.
Roxanne gave in to the children’s request. “Let me tidy up the kitchen first. You guys go ahead and play while I’m at it.” Archie and Benny nodded, then led Estella up the stairs.
The three children went straight for the bedroom, and as soon as they closed the door, Archie and Benny gave Estella a toy.
“Archie and | are going to watch the stock market for a while. Play on our own for a while, all right?” With the patience and shrewdness of an adult, Benny cajoled his sister into obliging him.
Estella grumbled when a doll was forced into her hands, but the two boys were already huddled together in a whispered discussion.
“Mommy mentioned she’s going to the medical consultation. She must be going with Mr. Damaris!”
Worry was written all over Benny’s face.
Archie was similarly glum. “But Mommy said she’s going to help treat some old people. We can’t stop her.”
Compared to their parent’s relationship, the children held the well-being of the troubled elderly people in higher regard. Benny pulled a face at his brother’s words. “I know, but what happens if Mommy changes her mind while she’s there?” Mr. Damaris once sent Mommy flowers, for God’s sake!
The boys were worried that their mother would be moved from spending time with Jack and cast their father aside. Would we become fatherless children?
Archie frowned and fell silent for a long time.
It is true. Benny has a valid point. We can’t let Mommy be alone with Mr. Damaris.
“We can’t stop Mommy, but we can tell Daddy,” Archie said solemnly after a long pause.
Benny's eyes lit up.
That’s right! Daddy will think of something if we tell him!
The children heaved a sigh of relief at that thought and took out their smartwatches to send their father a message.
“Archie, Benny, what are you guys talking about? I’m so bored!” Cuddling the doll and looking aggrieved, Estella trudge over.
Unsure if she was mistaken, Estella noticed that her brothers had been having hushed discussions without her since they discovered the truth of her birth.
We used to talk about things together. How upsetting!
Atrace of guilt flashed across Benny’s face. He gave her a mysterious grin and said, “Nothing. We were talking about the stock market. You’re too young, so we left you out because we thought you would be bored listening to us.”
The boy had no choice but to tell his sister a lie while suppressing a powerful sense of disgust with himself.
Gazing at Estella’s innocent expression, Benny changed the subject immediately, afraid of succumbing to his guilt and revealing the truth.
| cannot tell Essie that her daddy is ours too, can I? She will tell Daddy without thinking twice, which will undoubtedly anger Mommy. The only thing we can do is discuss matters behind Essie’s back. 
###Chapter 1365
Chapter 1365
Chapter 1365 Estella nodded innocently in response to their explanation.
It is true that | know nothing about the stock market, and hearing about it would mean nothing to me, anyway. “Then finish up your discussion and come play with me!” Estella whined.
Benny gave Estella a guilty nod.
As he watched her climb up the bed, he produced his watch to send his father a message.
Meanwhile, Lucian was displeased after learning from Benny’s message that Roxanne was going to the medical consultation again with Jack.
Though | can’t bear to say anything to her, I’m even more unwilling to keep this to myself.
After mulling the matter over, Lucian called Jonathan and blamed him for telling Roxanne about the medical consultation run by the Damaris family and for introducing Jack to her.
Jonathan was deeply amused by his friend’s accusations. “Are you kidding me? | did that to help you appease your wife! She would have left the country if not for the Damaris family’s project!”
Since learning about the Farwell family calling off the engagement with the Pearson family, Jonathan had practically treated Roxanne as his sister-in-law.
Lucian was relieved by those words, and the hostility in his tone decreased.
“Anyway, you have somewhat played the matchmaker to their relationship. I’m now courting Roxanne, but she still insists on going with Jack. | can’t say anything to her for fear of being accused of restricting her freedom. What do you think | should do now?”
Jonathan froze for several seconds before regaining his composure. “You could have just said that you want my opinion.” Lucian answered carelessly, “Whatever. So, what do you have in mind?” As he did not have an answer just yet, Jonathan did not respond.
This is between them, and it’s best if | don’t interfere. Besides, my old tricks have been proven not to work. Lucian is the one who finally convinced Roxanne to say yes, but it's evident from the way he’s speaking that he’s upset.
Asecond later, Jonathan asked tentatively, “You can’t stop her from going and you don’t feel good about her spending time alone with Jack. Is that it?”
Lucian hummed in response. “Then why don’t you go with her?” Jonathan suggested. “She can’t stop you from going if you decided to.” Lucian remained silent for a long time.
Having thought his friend was dissatisfied with the idea, Jonathan was about to suggest something else when he realized that he had already been hung up on. He heaved an aggrieved sigh.
When will those two finally end up together, so my days of being the middle person can come to an end?
Standing in the CEO’s office at Farwell Group, Cayden was looking blankly at his employer. “Are you sure you want to personally check the account in Jadeborough, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian gave an indifferent nod. “Is there a problem?”
Cayden was filled with despair when his employer summoned him and stated his wish to inspect the account of one of their branches in Jadeborough.
That task never involved Lucian himself, as only the presence of the CFO would be required.
He could not imagine why his employer would make such a trip when there were many other urgent matters in the headquarters that required his attention.
At the sight of Lucian’s determination, however, he could not say much else.
“One more thing, | will be there for a few days, so push everything on our itinerary back during this period,” Lucian instructed without the slightest change in his expression.
Cayden could do nothing else but nod. 
###Chapter 1366
Chapter 1366
Chapter 1366 Linda arrived on time the following morning as Roxanne was leading the children down for breakfast.
“Ms. Linda!” Archie and Benny greeted her warmly when she arrived.
It was Linda who had babysat them when Roxanne was occupied with work abroad. To the children, Linda, like Madilyn, was their godmother.
Linda was similarly warm when she greeted, “Long time no see, my darlings!”
After hugging Archie and Benny, she turned to regard Estella, who was standing behind the boys. Estella was still a little wary of strangers.
“You must be Essie!” Linda offered her hand politely with a gentle smile. “How do you do? I’m Linda, your mommy’s assistant, and I'll be here to care for you for the coming few days.”
Estella gazed at her mother and brothers. When they indicated she should take the hand, she slowly offered hers and shook Linda’s.
Aware of the little girl’s condition, Linda did not urge her to say anything but instead let go after shaking her hand and straightened up to look at Roxanne.
“How are things at the research institute?” Roxanne asked in concern.
As soon as the online discussion simmered down, she rushed to prepare for the medical consultation. Upon recalling that Linda would be coming that day, she planned to ask her in person.
Linda smiled. “It’s almost resolved. The many suppliers who wanted to terminate their contracts had a change of heart and asked to be partners again. What do you think about that?”
Roxanne fell silent for several seconds. “Then keep the partnerships going. Those suppliers are just opportunistic parasites. We cannot hold them to very high standards.”
Because her involvement in the online discussion had risked their interests, the suppliers had asked to have their contacts terminated.
As they had no private dealings, Roxanne saw no reason to ask them for more faith in the research institute. Businessmen are, by nature, opportunistic and self-serving. Linda was not surprised by her answer and promptly agreed to it.
“I'm not sure how long I'll be away for. | have to trouble you to look after the research institute and the children during my absence.”
Roxanne sounded apologetic.
Linda shook her head. “This is my job. Besides, I’m fond of them. They are good children.” Archie and Benny nodded in agreement.
They were angels in Linda’s presence.
Roxanne smiled as she caressed the children’s heads. “Be good, behave yourselves while I’m away, and don’t give her any trouble. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Mommy,” the children replied sweetly.
After leaving further instructions to Linda and the children, Roxanne glanced at her watch and found it was time to go. “I'm leaving. Be good, all of you.” Dragging her suitcase behind her, Roxanne turned to leave.
At the sight of his mother’s departure, Benny could not help feeling anxious on his father’s behalf, as the latter still had not shown up.
“Mommy!”
In a panicked fit of inspiration, the boy called out to Roxanne.
She stopped, confused. “What is it?”
Benny gazed at his brother and then at his sister, who did not seem eager to speak.
After a moment, he said, “You left us with so many words, but do you have any for Mr. Farwell? We can pass the message!”
His words jolted Roxanne to a realization. Her brows creased lightly. 
###Chapter 1367
Chapter 1367
| have never needed to inform Lucian about impending business trips, but things are different now. Knowing how much he dislikes Jack, | should inform him it is with Jack I’m making this trip. | have gotten so used to leaving whenever work crops up for the past six years that | would have forgotten if not for Benny’s reminder.
Benny watched his mother’s expression soften and knew his timely words worked. Although his face glistened with anticipation, he was also silently urging his father to hurry up.
Roxanne fell silent for a long while before grabbing her phone to give Lucian a call. Just when she found his number, a horn sounded outside the mansion. Somehow knowing exactly who it was, Roxanne put her phone away and walked to the entrance with her suitcase in tow.
She saw Lucian’s Bentley at the door. Clad in a smoky gray vest with sleeves rolled up halfway, he emerged from the car and strode toward her.
“What are you doing here?”
Roxanne had a funny feeling as she watched him approach.
Lucian frowned at her luggage. “What about you? Where are you going?”
Roxanne followed his gaze and felt a twinge of guilt about her business trip with Jack.
Unwilling to discuss it in the children’s presence, she said carefully, “I’m going to Jadeborough for a business trip. | was about to tell you when you came.”
As soon as the words were out of her mouth, Lucian came over and took her luggage.
Roxanne frowned in puzzlement. “What are you doing?”
He placed her suitcase in the car while she followed suspiciously behind.
Benny heaved a secret sigh of relief at the arrival of his father. He made a face at his mother’s back before turning to Linda. “We're going to be late, Ms. Linda. We need to get going to the kindergarten!”
There’s no way we're getting involved.
Linda glanced at the time and, with a jump, bid Roxanne farewell before ushering the children into the car and driving off. Suddenly, Roxanne and Lucian were the only ones left at the mansion entrance.
She was still uneasy even after he placed her suitcase into his trunk. “I’m running late. Let’s talk about it when | get there.” Meeting her eyes, Lucian grabbed her wrist and dragged her to the passenger seat.
Too confused to resist, Roxanne found herself forced into the passenger seat. Then she watched as he got in on the other side. “Just as well. |, too, am here to inform you that I’m going to Jadeborough to take care of some business. Since we're heading the same way, let’s travel together,” Lucian said placidly and started the car without giving her a chance to turn him down.
Soon after, Lucian drove out of the mansion.
Roxanne, seated in the passenger seat, mulled over Lucian’s words.
What a coincidence! Lucian never mentioned anything about going to Jadeborough before this.
In fact, even Lucian did not know he would be making a trip to Jadeborough.
Observing the side of his face, Roxanne could not detect any deception amidst his relaxed concentration behind the wheel. She felt disappointed by her suspicion as soon as the thought occurred to her.
Why would Lucian lie? This is not something worth lying about! 
###Chapter 1368
Chapter 1368
Chapter 1368 “Are you going to Jadeborough for business?” Roxanne couldn’t hold back the question any longer as the car picked up speed.
Lucian nodded in response to her question, his eyes never leaving the road. “There’s a problem with the account, and | need to check it out.”
Suspicion shone in Roxanne’s eyes. “And you have to go there yourself?” She thought Lucian showing up to check the account was a bit much despite her limited business knowledge.
Lucian’s expression remained unchanged. “The person in charge is someone from the Farwell family. Anyone else may be unable to keep them in line, so | must go.”
It was a reasonable explanation, one that Roxanne reluctantly accepted.
She assumed Lucian’s job entailed nothing more than sitting in the office and devising strategies, oblivious to the fact that many trivial matters still demanded his time and attention.
“Well, what about you? Why are you going on a business trip after just recovering?” Lucian turned and gave her an unreadable look.
Guilt snapped her back to the present. She had mentally braced herself to tell him the truth, but words eluded her now that she was sitting beside him.
I...” Roxanne hesitated for a long moment before answering evasively, “I’m going to help out with an emergency in a nursing home in Jadeborough.”
“Help out?” Lucian echoed, puzzled. “With whom? Is it set up by the research institute?”
Roxanne averted her eyes sheepishly. “No. It’s by the Damaris family. Mr. Damaris contacted me yesterday morning asking if | was interested. He said the situation is quite dire, and this time I'll be able to learn medical skills from them, so...”
She snuck a peek in the rearview mirror at Lucian, fully expecting him to disapprove of her traveling plans with Jack.
However, his expression revealed nothing, and he simply nodded. “You should do it if the geriatrics need help. Take care of yourself and avoid overworking.”
“That’s it? You have nothing else to say?” Roxanne couldn’t stop the words from coming out of her mouth.
Lucian arched a brow in bewilderment.
She realized she had said something she shouldn't have, and regret instantly filled her. Yet, words, once spoken, couldn’t be retracted.
It was a while before Lucian’s voice rang out in the small space. “There’s nothing to say. Saving patients is your job, and | can’t choose your work partner. Jack is indeed an exceptional doctor. I’m confident that both of you will keep your relationship strictly professional.”
She felt an overwhelming sense of dissonance remembering Lucian’s prejudice toward Jack and then hearing what he said now.
She was so caught up in her astonishment that she didn’t notice Lucian’s white-knuckled grip on the wheel during the conversation.
He clearly didn’t mean what he said. 
###Chapter 1369
Chapter 1369
Chapter 1369 Quiet settled in the car again.
Lucian had thought Roxanne would offer him an explanation or words of reassurance after he had shown understanding, but she remained silent for a long time.
That ticked him off, but he couldn’t go back on his words and could only keep his emotions in check.
Thankfully, Benny had notified him of this earlier, or he would have flipped his lid thinking about Roxanne and her indulgent demeanor working together with Jack.
“You could take a break on this trip, too,” Lucian continued, not meaning a word he said. “The stories circulating online these few days must have affected you. | should have handled it better. | wanted to take you away for an excursion after my trip, but it seems that the medical consultation came at the right time.”
Roxanne came back to her senses and seemed to remember something. “Sorry for troubling you with the comments online.” Lucian frowned. “I was the one who put you in this situation. | should be the one apologizing to you.”
Roxanne hesitated before continuing, “But it should be me who files the defamation suit. People will misunderstand if you do it for me...”
They appeared to be a family in the eyes of everyone else, which was the desired effect Lucian wanted. He feigned confusion. “Misunderstand what?”
Ahint of resignation flashed in Roxanne’s eyes, and she stared at him without answering.
He clearly knows what | mean, yet he acts clueless.
Lucian knew that she knew, and he was unfazed. “Let them misunderstand, then. It works in my favor because everyone knows to stay away from you.”
He was very satisfied with the idea of announcing to the world what belonged to him, and he had no plans to retract the claim. Roxanne knew she couldn’t change his mind and gave up, pretending the conversation didn’t happen.
The car ride continued in silence until she heard a strange sound, followed by the vehicle lurching.
“Tire’s busted.”
Lucian glanced at the dashboard with furrowed brows, wearing a solemn expression. “Buckle up. | remember there’s an expressway exit in front. | think we can still make it.”
Then he checked the roads before merging to the outermost lane.
This was Roxanne’s first experience, and she checked the rearview mirror from time to time for anyone tailgating them or deviation from a blown tire.
Thankfully, Lucian kept the vehicle speed moderate, and they were close to the exit. They could get off the expressway in no time.
“That was a scare, huh?” He gave Roxanne an apologetic look after pulling over to the side of the road. “The car was fine when we started the journey. Maybe we drove over something just now.”
Her heart was still beating a little quicker, and she breathed a sigh of relief when the car came to a stop. “It’s fine as long as nothing happened. Luckily, we were near the exit.” Remembering something, she took out her phone to check the time. Her face creased in frustration. “I’m not sure I'll be able to make it to the medical consultation.”
“If it’s an emergency, you can wait here while | send someone with another car to us,” Lucian answered.
Roxanne immediately asked, “What about you? Don’t you have business to attend to in Jadeborough?” 
###Chapter 1370
Chapter 1370
Chapter 1370 Lucian tapped on the steering wheel and said matter-of-factly, “I'll drive the car to the service center. It shouldn’t take long.”
Roxanne glanced around them.
They were in a remote area with no visible signs of a rest area or any people around.
In fact, there weren't any buildings in sight, let alone any service centers.
“Don’t you have any spare tires in the car?” Roxanne asked hopefully.
Lucian furrowed his brows and replied, “I’ve just used it a while ago and forgot to replace it.” Feeling helpless, Roxanne glanced around at the deserted environment they were in.
If their car were to break down here, no one would discover their whereabouts.
Roxanne felt slightly anxious.
“| wouldn’t suggest taking that chance,” she warned. “We're still a great distance from the service center, and | doubt the tire will hold up for much longer. Why don’t you give the service center a call and have them come to us? We can stay put until they arrive.”
There were two of them, so they could look after each other.
Lucian glanced at his watch. “Do you want to stay here with me? Aren’t you in a hurry? | think the elderly people at the nursing home need you to be there as soon as possible.”
Ahint of hesitation flashed across Roxanne’s eyes when she heard him mention the sick, elderly people.
However, she quickly made up her mind. “It’s fine. Mr. Damaris and the other doctors will be there, so they’ll be fine.” Lucian nodded and pulled his phone out to call the service center.
They waited patiently in the car for the tow truck to show up and tow the vehicle away.
Roxanne took out her phone and texted Jack to inform him that she would most probably be late.
As they were too far away from the town, the vehicle from the service center only showed up hours later.
Lucian greeted the person and led Roxanne to the vehicle ahead so they could be driven to the nearest town.
They did not make the journey to the car workshop, which was situated at a considerable distance from the town.
Lucian retrieved Roxanne’s suitcase and told her to wait aside while he spoke to the mechanic. A while later, he came back to her.
“What did you guys talk about?” Roxanne was confused.
“| told them to examine the whole car and make sure it’s working well. A while ago, | noticed there seemed to be a problem with the speedometer.”
Hearing that, Roxanne didn’t think much. She shuddered in fear and commented, “Thank goodness nothing happened to us.” After saying that, she couldn't help but frown as something seemed amiss to her. Lucian rarely drives this car. It’s practically new. Why are there so many issues?
Her thoughts were clearly written on her face.
Suddenly, Lucian extended his hand, interrupting Roxanne’s thoughts.
She found herself frozen, staring at Lucian’s hand reaching for her.
“You...”
For a split second, she thought Lucian wanted to hold her hand and instantly panicked.
The next second, Lucian took her suitcase and pushed it along the gravel path with ease.
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief.
Fortunately, | bought a large black suitcase out of convenience. It would look strange now if | had bought a pink one... Lucian led the way, pushing the suitcase, while Roxanne tagged behind quietly.
They started making small talk.
Suddenly, Roxanne’s gaze landed on Lucian’s hand hanging loosely by his side.
Recalling her misinterpretation, she couldn’t help but feel amused. 
###Chapter 1371
Chapter 1371
Chapter 1371 | can’t believe | thought Lucian stretched his hand out to hold hands with me. He’s obviously not that childish.
Noticing her silence, Lucian halted in his tracks and turned over his shoulder to ask in concern, “A penny for your thoughts?”
His voice snapped Roxanne out of her reverie. She couldn’t help but blush upon recalling the reason she fell silent. “Oh, it’s nothing.”
Lucian arched a brow. He clearly didn’t believe her explanation.
Roxanne caressed her stomach. “I’m hungry after walking this far. Is there anything to eat nearby?”
As soon as she uttered those words, Lucian acted quickly, snatching her hand before she could take it back.
Roxanne felt her heart skip a beat as she stared at their hands incredulously.
“Come on. Let's go find a restaurant.”
Lucian pushed the suitcase with one hand and held her hand with his other. He slowed down so he could walk beside her. Stunned, Roxanne allowed him to lead her forward.
This quaint little town, nestled in the foothills, was known for its pleasant atmosphere and peaceful surroundings. However, it wasn’t without its shortcomings as it lagged behind in terms of development.
There were only small, cheap restaurants by the road.
They walked along the entire street but failed to find one restaurant that Lucian approved of.
“This will do.”
Gradually, Roxanne calmed down and stopped in front of a restaurant that sold pasta.
She observed Lucian’s countenance with increasing amusement as it transformed into a look of disgust.
When she was abroad, she frequently journeyed with Harvey to some of the most isolated mountains and rural areas.
On occasion, they would venture to remote areas to offer medical consultation services. On other occasions, they would embark on expeditions to seek out rare and precious medicinal plants.
Roxanne had been in poorer conditions, so she was used to eating at dingy restaurants. However, Lucian was used to eating at five-star restaurants.
His frown deepened as he stopped beside her and glanced at the restaurant she was talking about. It was clear that he didn’t like it at all.
This particular restaurant looked cleaner than the others, but Lucian still thought its cleanliness wasn’t up to standard. Roxanne said calmly, “This is the cleanest restaurant we can find here.” With that, she went up the steps.
Lucian’s brows creased, but he ended up going after her.
It was noon, so the restaurant was pretty crowded. Their appearance attracted the attention of the crowd in an instant.
Roxanne seemed used to it as she found a seat and sat down. However, Lucian’s frown deepened, showing that he was on the verge of losing his temper.
Roxanne quickly assured him, “We’re obviously outsiders. It’s only natural for them to feel curious.”
Right then, the owner of the restaurant approached them with a warm smile. “Ah, you must be new to the area. You've certainly made the right choice!” He gave them the thumbs-up. “We take pride in our establishment, which is the cleanest restaurant in town, and our food is nothing short of delicious! Just look how crowded it is here!”
Roxanne gave him a polite smile. “Yes, | can see that.”
Hearing that, the owner grew more enthusiastic. He handed them the menu and proceeded to engage them in conversation. “You two certainly look like a couple. What brings you to our little town?”
Roxanne’s hands paused in her action of flipping through the menu as she looked at the man sitting across from her instinctively.
It seemed that Lucian had accepted the restaurant, as he had returned to his usual composure and was leisurely browsing the menu.
Perhaps he looked too overbearing, for it felt as though they were in a five-star restaurant even though they were eating at a random restaurant. 
###Chapter 1372
Chapter 1372
Chapter 1372 “You've gotten it wrong...”
Roxanne looked away from Lucian and tried to explain to the owner.
The owner flatly rejected her explanation, saying, “It’s impossible. | saw the two of you holding hands when you walked in. To be honest, you both are quite attractive. I’ve noticed the two of you since you arrived on our street!” To prove himself, the owner tapped Roxanne’s suitcase. “This belongs to you, right? | saw this man taking it from you! He acted as though he had done this so many times.”
He then proceeded to reveal their interaction along the way.
The customers in the restaurant couldn't help but sneak glances at Roxanne and Lucian as they entered. The owner’s words only added to their curiosity, causing them to stare at the couple openly.
Some got curious and asked, “Are you guys celebrities here to film something?”
Knowing she couldn't persuade the owner to think otherwise, Roxanne explained in exasperation, “We're not celebrities. We were passing by, and our car broke down.”
The owner finally stopped talking.
Relieved, Roxanne quickly ordered, “I'll have squid ink pasta and a salad, please.” She then glanced at Lucian, afraid he couldn’t accept these dishes.
Lucian tumed to the owner. “I'll have the same.”
The owner nodded and left to prepare their food.
Lucian swept his gaze across the crowd, and they looked away guiltily.
“They don’t have any ill intentions. Don’t behave like this,” Roxanne advised helplessly. Lucian turned back to her and regarded her darkly. “Have you been here previously?” He had a feeling that Roxanne was familiar with this place.
Roxanne was taken aback. Knowing what he meant, she chuckled and explained, “No. | haven't been here exactly, but | have experienced something similar. When | first went overseas, | had the opportunity to accompany Professor Lambert on various medical consultations. We often had to trek up mountains to gather herbs for our treatments, which was quite an adventure!”
That was why Roxanne didn’t show any disgust for the town and felt at ease there.
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he heard her answer.
He thought that this area was bad enough and did not expect her to tell him she had been to worse places.
She had been through a lot over the past six years. If | hadn’t acted that way, would she still be with me? Would she have been spared from all the difficulties and struggles she had gone through?
Knowing he felt guilty, Roxanne said solemnly, “I wanted to do these things because they were meaningful to me. | didn’t feel the least bit tired doing it, so don’t take it the wrong way.”
Back then, Professor Lambert gave me a choice: remain in the lab or venture out and experience new things. | chose to take the leap of faith and explore the unknown, and | would not trade that decision for anything in the world. The trips | went on not only provided me with a wealth of knowledge but also irreplaceable memories that | will cherish for the rest of my life. Had | stayed in the lab, | would have missed out on the invaluable lessons and experiences that | gained from the trips.
However, Lucian’s face was still dark.
Roxanne helped him with the utensils. “I know you’re used to dining at expensive restaurants, but I’m sure you’ve never experienced a taste quite like this before,” she said encouragingly. “It’s really quite delicious.”
She then began eating. Awave of guilt washed over Lucian’s heart when he noticed how natural she looked. It wasn’t that he couldn’t get used to the environment. He just felt that she deserved to eat at a better restaurant.
He was completely unaware of the many hardships and struggles that she had experienced over the last six years. 
###Chapter 1373
Chapter 1373
Chapter 1373 They were slurping their pasta when Roxanne’s phone rang.
Roxanne’s gaze shifted to the caller ID on her phone before she shot a quick, apprehensive look at Lucian. It was clear she was unsure whether to answer or not.
Sensing her gaze, Lucian immediately knew who it was. “It’s Jack, isn’t it?”
Roxanne nodded. “I told him | might be late, so he’s probably calling to find out what happened. I'll head out to answer it.” She got up, ready to leave.
However, Lucian stopped her. “You can answer it here. It’s related to work, anyway.”
In other words, he was saying that Roxanne had no reason to hide from him if it was a work call.
Roxanne returned to her seat and answered the call. “Mr. Damaris.”
Jack’s tired voice rang out. “I’m sorry. | was busy with the medical consultation and just got a chance to look at my phone. What happened?”
Roxanne explained that her car broke down halfway. She didn’t mention Lucian was with her.
Jack assumed she was alone and expressed his concern.
Roxanne explained gently, “I’m fine. The car is being repaired, and | believe it will be ready soon. You don’t have to worry.” Jack still sounded concerned. “Do you need help? Should | ask someone to pick you up?”
Roxanne glanced at Lucian.
Lucian’s head was lowered as he focused on eating his pasta. He didn’t seem to have heard them.
“No need. | think it will be done soon. You should hurry up and treat the elderly people. I'll join you after I’ve arrived,” Roxanne rejected his offer calmly.
Jack didn’t insist and reminded her, “All right, then. If something crops up, remember to give me a call.” Roxanne agreed. After the call ended, she grew anxious.
Jack sounded exhausted, so she assumed that they were swamped with work. She felt compelled to go there to lend them a hand.
“How long will it take for the car to be done?” Lucian stopped what he was doing. “Let me ask.” He pulled his phone out to call the service center. The call was answered shortly after.
The mechanic sounded uncertain after he heard Lucian’s question. “I understand that you’re in a hurry, and we're doing everything we can. Your speedometer needs to be replaced, but unfortunately, we don’t have the same model in our workshop. But we've already placed an order for it, and it should be delivered soon.”
Lucian’s brows scrunched up. “How much longer will it take?”
The mechanic answered, “At least half an hour. I’m already urging them, so please give us more time.” At that, Lucian shot Roxanne a helpless look.
He had put his phone on speaker, but the volume wasn’t too loud. They were the only ones who could hear the mechanic’s answer.
Roxanne grew increasingly anxious when she learned it would take at least thirty minutes.
As Lucian seemed displeased, she decided to appease him first. “Safety comes first. Let's wait a bit more!” Lucian gave a curt nod and hung up.
Right then, Jonathan’s text arrived.
Jonathan: How's the town? Not bad, right? | asked many people before discovering its existence!
Lucian glanced at it and quickly locked his phone.
On the other side, Jonathan was confused as he didn’t receive any reply from his friend.
| went through a lot of effort to find a scenic town that happened to be beside the highway. Don’t tell me Lucian didn’t go there. 
###Chapter 1374
Chapter 1374
Chapter 1374 “Let's go for a walk outside,” Lucian suggested after pocketing his phone.
Roxanne assumed he didn’t like the interior of the pasta restaurant. She didn’t ponder over his request and nodded obligingly. After they paid for their meal, Lucian got up and took Roxanne’s suitcase. They then walked out of the restaurant.
As they strolled along the street, surrounded by the mountains, Roxanne and Lucian felt the temperature was just right despite it being past noon. Although the sun should be shining brightly, the foliage provided ample shade to keep the heat at bay.
Roxanne might be in a hurry to head to Jadeborough, but she couldn’t help but relax in such an environment. “Do you like it here?” Lucian’s expression softened when he discovered that she seemed relaxed.
Roxanne’s lips curled as she nodded. “When | first went overseas, | had the privilege of accompanying Professor Lambert on a number of excursions to the mountains, where we would search for herbs. Later, | had to stay in the lab. | do miss the feeling of being out in the wilderness but never had the chance to do so again.”
Lucian’s eyes dimmed as conflicted feelings rose in his heart.
He believed that Roxanne had experienced a great deal of hardship, but it appeared that she had actually been quite content. “Don't you find this place beautiful?” Roxanne stared at him, her eyes sparkling under the sunlight.
Lucian was momentarily dazed. He quickly regained his composure and gave a brief nod.
Indeed, this town was scenic.
Nevertheless, the most important thing was that she loved it.
They strolled ahead for some time until Roxanne realized it was pretty late. Concerned, she demanded to know the progress of the repair.
“Is the car done yet? If it's still getting repaired, I’m afraid we'll have to spend the night here. There is no hotel in this town.” Lucian fished his phone out to call the workshop.
The person on the other end of the line sounded particularly helpless and distressed. “I’m sorry to say that something came up while they were delivering the part. I’ve already urged—
Before he could finish, Lucian cut in unhappily, “Il don’t want to hear any excuses. Just tell me when it can be done.” “I'm afraid it won’t be done by today.” The mechanic sounded increasingly guilty. Lucian’s brows drew together deeply.
Realizing he was about to lash out at the mechanic, Roxanne gave his sleeve a careful tug. “Forget it. Let’s get someone to fetch
us. She meant to call Jack to send someone here to give them a ride.
Lucian understood her meaning. His eyebrows furrowed once again as he ended the call.
Roxanne pulled out her phone to contact Jack.
“I'll ask Cayden to come here. He can drive the car back when it’s done,” Lucian said to her quickly before she could make the call.
Roxanne paused for a few moments as she thought about his proposal. After weighing up the fact that the two cities were relatively close in proximity, she eventually decided to agree to his suggestion.
Only then did Lucian call Cayden to come pick them up. Cayden agreed without hesitation.
It would take some time before Cayden arrived. Lucian seemed to be in a foul mood, so Roxanne said to him gently, “The villagers told me there is a beautiful lake right ahead. Let’s head there to take a look!”
Lucian relaxed slightly and took her hand, and they strolled to the lake.
Meanwhile, the mechanics in the workshop were confused.
“Didn't he ask us to take our time? Why did he get mad at us?”
One mechanic seemed accustomed to such antics as he explained, “He is obviously courting that lady. That was just an act!”
Comprehension dawned on everyone. 
###Chapter 1375
Chapter 1375
“If you enjoy it here, then we can go traveling often in the future,” Lucian said when they were on the way to the lake. “The past few years have been incredibly hectic, so I’m looking forward to taking some time off to relax during my vacations.”
He was holding Roxanne’s hand. She stared at his side profile and felt a bitter feeling spreading across her heart. For the past six years, they had been out of touch and unaware of each other's current status.
Roxanne led a hectic but fulfilling life.
On the contrary, Lucian didn’t seem to be doing well.
“We can bring the kids here one day. | don’t think they have been in the mountains before.”
Lucian stopped in his tracks and turned over his shoulder to look at her.
They had arrived at the lake.
Perhaps they were in the mountains, for the lake water was crystal clear. The branches of the drooping willows by the lake were swaying lightly in the breeze.
Roxanne glanced at him and said distractedly, “I believe Archie and Benny want to travel, too. I’ve been busy with work and never got the chance to travel with them. Essie...” She didn’t know much about Estella but could roughly guess the little girl’s situation. “Essie used to be afraid of strangers, so | don’t think she has gotten out much, right? Now that she’s doing better, we can go travel.”
She sounded natural as though she had been thinking about this for a long time.
Lucian tightened his grip on her hand, surprised.
He was saying that on the condition that Roxanne agreed to be with him.
Never in his wildest dreams did he expect Roxanne to continue the conversation readily.
Does she feel the same way as | do?
Roxanne’s heart skipped a beat when she met his gaze. She didn’t continue and merely gave him a bright smile as an answer. They remained by the lake until sunset.
Before Cayden arrived, Roxanne received a call from Jack.
“How’s the situation? Has your car been repaired?”
“No. I’m afraid | can’t make it there today. I’m sorry about that. Has the medical consultation ended? What about the elderly people’s condition?”
Jack chuckled bitterly. “The medical consultation has ended. Everyone is exhausted. All these elderly patients have been suffering from old and stubborn diseases that are hard to cure completely. All we can do is help them recuperate slowly and patiently.”
Roxanne frowned as an apologetic look appeared in her eyes. “You must've worked hard today. I’ll make sure to arrive on time tomorrow to meet up with you.”
Jack reassured her, “Don’t worry. We have plenty of doctors here to take care of any medical needs. Be careful and let me know if you need any help.”
Roxanne thanked him gratefully.
They chatted briefly about the elderly people's medical condition before hanging up.
Taking in Roxanne’s downcast expression, Lucian pulled her into his arms.
“It's not your fault that they got sick, so don’t beat yourself up over it. If you’re looking for someone to put the blame on, then I'm the one to blame. | should have driven more carefully, so you could have made it in time.”
Roxanne sighed. “That has absolutely nothing to do with you. | just couldn’t help but feel bad for them. They were alone despite being ill, with no one to turn to for help. Even if | can provide them with the treatment they need, it will be difficult for them to survive without the support and care of someone else.”
Lucian was moved by her kindness. “We'll figure out something. The most important thing now is to treat their sickness.”
Roxanne nodded. “I need to arrive at the nursing home as early as possible tomorrow. | couldn't be there today, so | must work twice as hard tomorrow.” 
###Chapter 1376
Chapter 1376
Chapter 1376 It was almost six in the evening when Cayden finally arrived.
After instructing Cayden to stay and wait for the car to be repaired, Lucian got into Cayden’s car and drove off with Roxanne. When they reached Jadeborough, it was already nine at night. Lucian sent Roxanne to the hotel that Jack had booked for the doctors.
After he unloaded her luggage from the car, he glanced at the night sky and said apologetically, “Sorry to have kept you so long.’
Roxanne smiled and replied, “It’s not your fault. No one expected the accident to happen. | should be thanking you instead for sending me here even though it’s already so late.”
She knew that they had made their way to the hotel that late at night because she did not want to be late for the medical consultation the next day. They could have waited for the car to be fixed and set off the next morning.
Lucian had asked Cayden to switch cars with them because he didn’t want her to be disappointed.
“It's getting late. | should head in now. Text me when you reach your accommodation,” Roxanne said before she turned around and entered the hotel.
Lucian stood rooted to the ground, upset at the thought that the woman was staying in the same hotel as Jack.
However, he knew that he shouldn't be kicking up a fuss about that, as Roxanne was solely focused on her elderly patients, hoping that they would recover soon.
Lucian received a call from Jonathan the moment Roxanne disappeared into the elevator. He glanced at the caller ID before answering the phone coolly.
“Are you guys okay?” Jonathan asked with a trace of panic in his voice.
“We're fine. What's wrong?” Lucian replied while getting back into the car.
Jonathan's expression changed slightly as he asked in disbelief, “If you're fine, why didn’t you reply to my messages? I’ve been texting you all day. | thought something bad happened to you!”
After all, it was Jonathan’s idea for Lucian to intentionally get his car to break down on the road. He could never forgive himself if they had gotten into an accident because of that. Jonathan had spent the entire day worrying and was hurt by Lucian’s nonchalant attitude.
Lucian had merely told him that he and Roxanne were fine without going into any details and even asked him if anything was wrong.
Sensing Jonathan's tone, Lucian finally realized that his friend had been worried about him. The corners of his lips curled up into a smile as he replied, “I saw your messages but didn’t get a chance to reply. It’s a beautiful town.”
Jonathan was slightly appeased after getting an acceptable explanation. Feeling concerned, he asked, “So did the two of you...”
If things had gone according to plan, both of them should be currently trapped in the town, and naturally, they would...
“We're in Jadeborough now,” Lucian replied placidly.
Jonathan gaped in shock when he heard that. “Jadeborough? Aren’t you supposed to be in town? Are both of you together now?”
“No. Jack booked a hotel for the doctors, and she’s there now,” Lucian replied. Jonathan gasped in disbelief. “You had such a good opportunity! | can’t believe you didn’t do anything.” Alas, it seems that my idea has gone down the drain!
Lucian explained helplessly, “She has a medical consultation at the nursing home early tomorrow morning, and most of the elderly there are seriously ill. After some thought, | decided | should take her here.”
Lucian could not help but feel guilty when he saw the pained look in Roxanne’s eyes as she spoke about the elderly. Jonathan was also in the medical field, so he could understand Roxanne’s feelings.
In an uncertain tone, he said, “But still, you should at least do something. You have already followed her to Jadeborough. Do you really intend to just watch over her like a knight in shining armor?” 
###Chapter 1377
Chapter 1377
Chapter 1377 Lucian furrowed his brows and replied, “What else can | do? | don’t know anything about medical consultation. Since you are in the medical industry as well, give me some tips, then.”
Jonathan held his forehead in exasperation. Is he seriously thinking of helping out at the nursing home tomorrow?
The man let out a long sigh in his heart before replying patiently, “From what you're telling me, Roxanne and Jack are staying in the same hotel now. Aren’t you worried at all? You know Jack has ulterior motives toward Roxanne...”
The crease between Lucian’s brows grew deeper.
He looked up at Roxanne’s room and saw that the lights had already been turned on.
Recalling Jonathan's words, Lucian could no longer sit still. Immediately, he opened the door and got out of the car. Jonathan was still blabbering nonstop over the phone.
After heading into the hotel, Lucian made a reservation for the room next to Roxanne’s.
It was already almost ten at night when Roxanne entered her room.
She hesitated for a few seconds when she walked past Jack’s room but decided not to disturb him and proceeded straight to her own room.
After a long day, Roxanne was drained. The first thing she did was take a shower. When she emerged from the bathroom, she noticed that her phone was ringing. She cast a glance at the screen and saw Lucian’s name flashing on the caller ID.
Assuming that he was calling to tell her he had reached back safely, Roxanne answered the phone while drying her hair. “Are you back already?”
She heard a beeping sound on the other end of the line, which sounded like someone opening a door using a key card.
“lam. | just found out that the branch office had booked the same hotel for me. If | had known earlier, we could have walked together. Where’s your room?” he asked with a straight face.
Alook of surprise and confusion flashed across Roxanne’s face when she heard that.
She could not help but find it strange that the branch office did not inform Lucian of the arrangement earlier.
Besides, everything that happened that day seemed to be too much of a coincidence.
However, as it was nothing serious, Roxanne did not think much of it and told Lucian her room number straight away. Right after she finished speaking, Lucian exclaimed, “808? What are the odds? I’m just next door.”
Roxanne knitted her brows slightly. This is indeed too much of a coincidence...
If Lucian had not asked for her room number first, she would definitely have suspected that he had planned everything intentionally.
Lucian remained standing outside the door while staring blankly in the direction of Roxanne’s room.
He and Jonathan had assumed that, after knowing that Lucian was staying next to her, the woman would have at least opened the door to take a look.
However, after he waited for some time, to his dismay, her door remained shut.
Just then, Roxanne’s voice sounded. “It’s getting late. You should rest soon. You must be very tired after driving the entire day.” She let out a yawn as she spoke.
Clearly, it wasn’t appropriate for Lucian to suggest anything else. He had no choice but to agree. “You too.”
Roxanne hummed in acknowledgment before ending the call.
Lucian stared at his phone and furrowed his brows in displeasure before entering his room.
He could not believe that he had entertained Jonathan’s bad idea and was upset at himself for even having those thoughts.
He was worried that Roxanne would realize the uncanny string of coincidences and start doubting him.
Meanwhile, Jonathan, who was at home, was wondering if he should call Lucian to ask about his progress when he suddenly felt his ear burning.
He rubbed his ear and decided against it. What if they are having... He did not want to interrupt the couple at the wrong moment and spoil the party.
Ill just wait until tomorrow! 
###Chapter 1378
Chapter 1378
Lucian was about to take a shower and get some rest when he heard a knock from the room next to his. After that, he could hear Jack’s voice. “Have you arrived, Ms. Jarvis?”
Jack had assumed that Roxanne had arrived as he heard the sound of people talking in the corridor above.
Roxanne had just finished showering and was only wearing a robe, so she replied without opening the door, “Yeah, | just got here. | didn’t tell you because | thought you were asleep.”
Jack nodded and asked, “Have you taken your dinner yet? If you haven't, how about we go outside and grab a bite? We could also discuss the condition of the elderly people while we're at it.”
Lucian’s face clouded over the moment he heard that. Knowing Roxanne, there’s no way she'll be able to say no if he mentions those elderly people!
Roxanne really wanted to speak to Jack face-to-face, but it would be incredibly inconvenient to do so in a robe with her hair still dripping wet.
After hesitating for a bit, Roxanne decided to turn him down. “We'll discuss this in the car tomorrow. It’s a little late now.” Jack knew better than to pressure her any further. “All right, then. Rest well. We'll head out earlier tomorrow morning.” “Okay!” Roxanne replied with a smile.
The look in Jack’s eyes was gloomy as he stared at her door, which was tightly shut.
All he knew was that Roxanne came here by car, but he didn’t know who she came with.
They rushed over even though it’s so late at night...
Roxanne waited until she heard his footsteps fade into the distance before blow-drying her hair.
She wasn’t all that hungry before, but hearing Jack talk about dinner got her feeling a little hungry when she was done drying her hair.
Roxanne was about to order some food via room service when Lucian’s call came in. “You're still awake?” Roxanne asked in confusion.
“| was going to bed, but then | got hungry because | haven’t had dinner. You're probably hungry too, right? How about we go eat something downstairs?” Lucian suggested in a deep voice.
Roxanne was about to turn him down when her stomach growled loudly.
Because of how quiet her room was, Lucian could hear it very clearly over the phone. “I visited a place not far from here a while back, so | know a restaurant with amazing dishes for supper. It’s been quite a while since my last visit, so | kind of miss the food. But it'd be pretty boring to go eat there all by myself. Oh, well... If you’re not hungry, then I'll just forget about it.”
What Lucian meant was he would go to bed hungry if | refused to have supper with him.
Roxanne had no choice but to take him up on his invitation. “I'll go get changed and give you a call when I’m ready to head out.” She hung up the phone and threw on a dress that she had lying around.
Although she wasn’t exactly excited about having supper, Lucian did spend the entire day driving her here, so she couldn’t let him go to bed with an empty stomach.
Besides, Roxanne felt as though Lucian was acting a little childish, which formed a huge contrast with his usual personality. Since it wasn’t often that Lucian would behave childishly toward her, she couldn't possibly bring herself to turn him down. After getting dressed, Roxanne gave Lucian a call to let him know she was ready.
The two of them then stepped out of their respective rooms, one after the other.
The spaghetti strap dress that Roxanne had on was rather short and revealed the flawless skin on her thighs.
She looked so stunning that Lucian could not take his eyes off her when she stood before him. 
###Chapter 1379
Chapter 1379
Chapter 1379 “So, what are we going to eat?”
Since he had already heard her stomach growling, Roxanne decided to be straightforward about it.
Lucian retracted his gaze and replied, “I haven’t been here in a long time, so I’m not too sure if that restaurant is still in business. Come on, let's head downstairs.”
The two of them continued chatting as they made their way toward the elevator. That was when Jack’s door opened by a crack, and he could see them as they entered the elevator. The look in his eyes turned gloomy the moment he saw Roxanne’s outfit and recognized the man standing next to her.
That’s Lucian! So, he’s the one who came to Jadeborough with Roxanne! | can’t believe Roxanne declined my dinner invitation only to go out for supper with Lucian! Is it true what the rumors say about their relationship improving because of Essie? If that’s the case, then it'll be near impossible for me to win Roxanne over!
Jack's face darkened.
The elevator slowly came to a halt on the first floor, and Roxanne followed behind Lucian as they made their way toward the hotel entrance.
The moment they reached the entrance, Roxanne was filled with regret.
She had chosen a fairly short dress for the sake of convenience. It exposed a huge part of her body to the icy-cold winds at night.
Roxanne wrapped her arms around her body and shivered when a blast of cold wind hit her.
“Wait here for me. I'll head back and—"
She was about to say she would go put on a jacket, but Lucian cut her off by taking his dress shirt off and handing it to her. Because they were going to have supper, Lucian was dressed rather casually in only a black dress shirt over a T-shirt.
His slender arms and veins that bulged underneath the skin were exposed when he took his shirt off.
Roxanne instinctively averted her eyes when she saw that, only to have it fall upon his incredibly muscular chest.
As Lucian was usually dressed in formal attire, such as a dress shirt and suit jacket, she could only see that he had a huge frame.
It wasn’t until she saw him in a T-shirt that she realized just how muscular he was. He looked nothing like a man who spent most of his time in the office.
Roxanne was snapped out of her dazed state when Lucian’s voice rang out.
“Are you Satisfied with what you see? I’ve been keeping up with my workouts over the years.”
Her face burned bright red when she realized she had been ogling him. “I-It’s fine. I'll go grab a jacket from my room...” she stammered while looking the other way.
Lucian frowned in displeasure. “Why? You had no issues with wearing Larry's clothes, right?” Roxanne stared at him in confusion for a few seconds before understanding what he meant.
Oh, that’s right... Lucian saw Larry draping his coat on me when | attended an academic conference back then. | can’t believe he still remembers that! Also, is he being jealous?
Roxanne stopped fidgeting and stood there while Lucian put the shirt on her. Unsatisfied with just draping it over her shoulder, Lucian even buttoned the first few buttons to cover her chest before letting go.
Roxanne’s face was still a little red as she caught a whiff of his refreshing scent. For some reason, it filled her heart with a sense of security. 
###Chapter 1380
Chapter 1380
Chapter 1380 “| just thought you weren’t dressed warmly enough either. Aren’t you cold with just a T-shirt on?” Roxanne explained in an attempt to clear up Lucian’s misunderstanding from earlier.
Lucian turned and stared at Roxanne, who was all covered up in his shirt, and held her hand. “I won't be cold if we stick together.”
The two of them looked really intimate as they walked side by side while holding hands.
After making a lot of turns, Lucian and Roxanne arrived at a small alley.
Noticing that the alley was completely dark, Roxanne flashed him a confused look and asked, “Is this the place you mentioned?” Lucian nodded. “It’s probably closed. Let's eat somewhere else. What would you like to eat?”
As Roxanne was very hungry, a huge variety of options popped up in her head when she heard that.
After taking some time to filter through her options, she said, “Let's have crawfish. | haven't had them in a long time. I’m kind of craving them right now.”
Oh, wait... Most high-end restaurants are already closed at this hour, so we'll only be able to find crawfish at the food stalls on the street. I’m not sure if Lucian will find such environments to his liking...
Noticing the conflicted look on her face, Lucian held her hand and led her toward the food stalls that lined the streets. Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and quietly followed behind him.
Concerned that Lucian would dislike crowded environments, she was planning on bringing him to a stall with fewer customers. However, Roxanne couldn't help but go to the liveliest one when she got there.
Since she hadn’t been there before, she figured the one with the most customers probably had the best food.
It wasn’t until they had taken their seats that Roxanne realized Lucian would probably dislike the stall she chose.
Sure enough, Lucian had a somewhat gloomy look on his face.
“I'm sorry. You don’t like dining in a noisy and crowded environment like this, do you? How about we bring the food back to the hotel instead?” Roxanne suggested apologetically.
The frown on Lucian’s face smoothened when he realized how much she liked dining there.
After observing his expression for a little while longer, Roxanne felt a little relieved when she saw that he was fine with the place. Even so, she kept trying to chat with him to divert his attention until the food was served.
It wasn’t until the waiter served the food they ordered that she stopped talking and began deshelling the crawfish.
After deshelling one crawfish, Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds before placing it on Lucian’s plate. She did that to express her apology for making him dine here with her.
She waited for him to eat it before she started deshelling another one for herself.
Halfway through the meal, Roxanne realized something was amiss.
Huh? That’s strange... | keep eating, but there always seems to be more crawfish on my plate...
As she turned to look at Lucian, she saw that his plate was empty.
The next thing she knew, Lucian had topped up her plate with yet another crawfish that he had just deshelled. Lucian paused when he noticed Roxanne staring at him in confusion. “What's wrong? Does it not taste good?”
Roxanne shook her head. She was about to say something when someone bumped into the back of her head, causing her to let out a surprised squeal.
“What the... Hey! Didn’t you see us coming through?” The sound of slurred speech was soon followed by the intense smell of alcohol.
Roxanne frowned as she realized they had encountered some problematic drunkards. 
###Chapter 1381
Chapter 1381
“I'm sorry. | really didn’t see you there.”
Not wanting to escalate the situation, Roxanne apologized and adjusted her chair a little. The drunkards’ eyes lit up with lust when they saw her pretty face and amazing figure. Roxanne frowned in discomfort when she noticed them ogling her body.
That was when she heard Lucian standing up next to her.
She had wanted to stop him as she thought he was going to start a fight with the drunkards, but he simply stepped in front of her and shielded her with his large frame.
“Given how packed this place is, it's common for people to bump into each other. Of course, since you all think we’re at fault here, I'll take responsibility and make it up to you guys. Which table are you seated at? I'll have the stall owner put your expenses on my bill,” Lucian said while glaring at the drunkards.
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief when she heard that.
Oh, thank goodness... | thought Lucian was actually going to fight them! He may be skilled and all, but they have us outnumbered, so we'd be at a huge disadvantage.
She assumed the drunkards would leave them alone after hearing what Lucian said, but they were far from being satisfied with that.
One of the drunkards snorted disdainfully and said, “Hmph! We don’t need you to pay for us!” He then shifted his lecherous gaze toward Roxanne. “That girl you’re with, however, looks mighty fine! We'll let this slide if she drinks with us tonight!”
Roxanne tensed up and began to panic when she saw him reaching out to grab her.
Right as she was on the verge of freaking out, Lucian pulled her into his embrace and moved her away from that drunkard’s hand.
Being held in his arms filled Roxanne’s heart with a sense of security, but she still felt somewhat worried about their situation. “Let's get out of here.”
Those guys are really drunk. There’s no telling what they’ll do next!
“Oh, my... Look at those thighs! They’re so smooth and fair!” the drunkard exclaimed while staring at Roxanne’s exposed thighs. Roxanne instinctively pulled away from him and nuzzled against Lucian to avoid the drunkard’s gaze.
Having noticed what was going on, the drunkard’s companions made their way over and tried to pull him away.
Fortunately, they were not as strong and failed to grab hold of him.
Eventually, the drunkards’ friends had no choice but to keep apologizing. Although Roxanne was no longer in danger, she still felt incredibly nervous and anxious.
Good thing Lucian buttoned up this shirt earlier... Those guys would surely have made even more perverted remarks if they saw my exposed chest!
Lucian’s eyes dimmed when he noticed how terrified Roxanne was. He pulled out his phone and made a call.
Although the drunkards were a bunch of perverted lowlifes, they didn’t actually dare do anything when they felt Lucian’s intimidating aura.
Noticing that Lucian was making a call, the drunkards’ friends quickly dragged them back to their table.
“Let's head back now that they’ve left us alone. There’s no telling if they'll come after us again later on,” Roxanne said with a worried frown while moving out of his embrace. 
###Chapter 1382
Chapter 1382
Chapter 1382 Lucian, however, pulled Roxanne to sit back down. “There’s still a lot. Eat slowly.”
Upon saying that, he deshelled another crawfish for her.
At the sight of how calm and natural the man was, Roxanne was filled with puzzlement.
But gradually, she calmed down too.
Somehow, she always felt that Lucian would never let anything happen to her whenever he was around.
Like how she had fallen into the water at the beach the other time, Lucian would always hold onto her steadily. In the twinkling of an eye, the two got back on rhythm.
Roxanne mindlessly accepted the fact that Lucian was deshelling the crawfish for her. The more she ate, the more she thought it was delicious.
They had just finished the dish when those drunkards gathered near them again. This time, they each had a glass of beer in their hands.
“Hey, gorgeous. Come on, let's be friends and have a drink together!” One of the drunkards tried to lean closer to Roxanne. He was getting so near Roxanne that his glass almost hit her face.
Roxanne scrunched her brows slightly. Just as she was about to get up and move further away, a hand reached over, firmly seized that drunkard’s wrist, and twisted his hand that was holding the glass in another direction.
An icy glint flashed across Lucian’s eyes as he lifted the corners of his lips into an unfathomable smile. “You love to drink? Come, Pil drink with you.”
With that said, he raised his glass and brought it toward his mouth.
That drunkard was stunned by Lucian’s action initially, but after he snapped back from his trance, he shook Lucian’s hand away in displeasure.
Unexpectedly, as if Lucian’s hand was like a clamp, that drunkard could not move an inch despite a fierce struggle. Instead, he found his wrist hurting from the tight grip.
“Are you f*cking crazy? Who wants to drink with you? Stay away from me if you aren’t courting death!” the man yelled. Soon, the other drunkards had their attention on Lucian, and they began clamoring about starting a fight.
Despite so, Lucian did not seem to notice their existence. He slowly finished his glass of beer while pinning that drunkard’s arm on the table without letting go.
Witnessing the scene before her, Roxanne felt her heart nearly thumping out of her chest. What is Lucian playing at? “Who are they? Are they filming a movie?”
“Are they the so-called bodyguards? They’re all wearing the same uniform! But who will need bodyguards at a small place like this?”
Suddenly, gossip and discussions were buzzing wildly among the crowd. Roxanne vaguely sensed that those bodyguards the crowd was talking about had something to do with Lucian.
Whipping her head around, she saw three MPVs stopped by the roadside. Over ten burly men clad in suits got out of the vehicles and strode in her direction.
“Damn it! He really called for backup!”
It took those drunkards a while to realize something was not right, and at once, they turned and tried to flee the scene. Nonetheless, the moment they lifted their foot, those bodyguards charged toward them and swiftly held them in place.
“Mr. Farwell.”
The bodyguard in the lead respectfully went up to greet Lucian.
The latter nodded expressionlessly before handing the drunkard, whom he had been grabbing onto, over to the leader of the bodyguard.
The other drunkards, who had been shouting arrogantly a moment ago, were so astonished by what was happening that they almost sobered up and took turns begging for mercy.
“Sir, we were wrong! We will never do it again!”
“Sir, please have mercy on us. We drank too much earlier and didn’t know what we were doing...” Lucian lifted his gaze to Roxanne and signaled that she could decide how to deal with those drunkards. Meeting his gaze, Roxanne frowned dubiously.
Those people indeed scare me out. But then again, | don’t want to make trouble.
After a brief hesitation, Roxanne said, “Send them somewhere to sober up. It’s time we head back now.” To that, Lucian nodded and took her along.
Before leaving, he turned around and shot the leader of the bodyguards a knowing look.
The leader instantly understood Lucian’s signal.
It was, of course, a must to sober up, but just not in a way as simple as what those drunkards had expected. 
###Chapter 1383
Chapter 1383
Chapter 1383 Arriving before the room door, Roxanne glanced at the shirt on herself.
“lll wash this shirt and return it to you.”
Since they were at the food stall for quite some time and even got into a conflict with those drunkards, it was no wonder their clothes were reeking of barbecue and alcohol.
Roxanne was undeniably a little thrown off by the smell. “You probably got a shock earlier, didn’t you?” Lucian asked, sidestepping the topic Roxanne brought up.
It took Roxanne a good few seconds to process the man’s question. In response, she pursed her lips and smiled. “Yeah, a little. That was a big group. We should’ve just walked away. There’s no point getting entangled with them.”
Lucian’s brows drew together. “I don’t like the way they look at you.”
In other words, he was telling her he chose not to leave because those drunkards were blatantly taking liberties with her through their words.
Roxanne was taken aback, but she slowly put on a smile on her face. “Thank you.”
| was the one who suggested eating at the food stall by the roadside. But | can’t believe it had caused so much trouble for Lucian.
Roxanne expressing her gratitude was probably the last thing Lucian wanted to hear. Nevertheless, at the sight of the earnest look in her eyes, he could not bring himself to say anything more except give her a nod in acknowledgment. “Get some rest. You still have to get up early tomorrow.”
With that, he turned and headed toward the room next door. Only after watching the man enter his room did Roxanne return to hers.
She wondered if she was just her imagination, but for some reason, she felt that the expression on Lucian’s face a moment ago seemed a little gloomy.
Yet, she could not figure out the reason. As it had been a long day, Roxanne fell asleep as soon as she jumped into bed.
When the alarm rang the following morning, Roxanne, not wanting to waste much time, immediately got out of bed and freshened herself up before heading downstairs to wait for Jack and the other doctors.
At seven, everyone arrived.
When they saw Roxanne, several doctors who knew her went up to extend a greeting.
To that, Roxanne responded with a smile.
“Did you sleep well last night?”
The last to approach her was Jack, who spoke to her in a familiar and endearing tone.
At the thought of how she had rejected him yesterday but gone out for supper with Lucian, Roxanne could not help feeling guilty.
When she heard Jack’s question, she vaguely answered, “Not too bad. The hotel you picked has a pretty good environment, Mr. Damaris.”
Once she finished speaking, she coincidentally caught sight of a well-suited Lucian walking out from the elevator and heading toward the hotel entrance from the corner of her eye.
Seemingly sensing her gaze, Lucian turned and looked in her direction. As their eyes met, he somewhat flashed a smile at her. Before Roxanne could make any expression, the man retracted his gaze and strode out of the hotel entrance.
“What's the matter?”
Jack noticed that she was distracted and traced her line of sight questioningly. By this time, the hotel entrance was already empty.
Recalling the scene he saw last night, Jack could more or less figure out who she saw. At once, a look of displeasure crossed his face.
Nonetheless, when he turned back to look at Roxanne, he became serious again as he uttered, “It’s late. Let's set out.” Those words pulled Roxanne back to reality, and she quickly put on a solemn look.
With that, the group got on the bus Jack booked in an orderly manner.
On the bus, Roxanne and Jack sat at the front.
Along the way, Roxanne asked everything about the medical consultation yesterday, to which Jack answered all of her questions in detail.
However, when Jack tried to ask her about the details of her trip, Roxanne was ambiguous with her answer.
The matter between Lucian and her had already caused a commotion online. That was why she did not want to become the subject of discussion at work too.
However, the more she tried to cover up, the more Jack could not help but overthink.
How exactly have things between the two of them progressed... 
###Chapter 1384
Chapter 1384
Chapter 1384 An hour later, the bus slowly drove into the nursing home.
Roxanne, who was on the bus, glanced outside, only to see elderly people crowding in the yard with little caregivers around. The barren environment of the nursing home did not help make the nursing home look like a lively place at all.
“The elderly people are more careful. You don’t see the kids these enthusiastic when we went to the children’s home.” Jack’s wistful voice rang out beside Roxanne’s ears. “Maybe too many people died a few days ago, so the elderly people are frightened. Don’t be too direct with your words during your consultations later.”
Roxanne hummed in agreement.
Jack had told her earlier about how one of the doctors had been too careless with his words during their medical consultation the day before and nearly made one of the elderly people faint in shock.
After hearing Jack’s words, Roxanne felt afraid. She told herself that she had to be extra careful during her consultation later. When Roxanne came, the elderly people who had come for a consultation split into two sides.
One party was worried about their health, so they were fighting against each other to line up at the more experienced middle- aged doctor's side.
The other party was elderly people who were too lonely and wanted to have a chat. When they saw the sweet and meek young woman—Roxanne—they all gathered around her.
Roxanne patiently chatted with them as she convinced them to undergo a consultation. In no time, Roxanne became the busiest person among the doctors.
Most elderly people suffered from several health issues. Not only did Roxanne need to chat with them, but she also had to perform acupuncture on them.
Not long after, she was drenched in sweat.
On the other hand, Jack did not have many elderly people who lined up on his side.
When he saw Roxanne’s state, he walked over in concern. “Rest if you're tired. I'll watch over them for you.” As he spoke, he took a piece of tissue and handed it to Roxanne.
Roxanne took it and wiped away the beads of sweat on her forehead. “No, it’s fine. | couldn’t come over yesterday, so | should work harder today.” With that, she turned to smile at the elderly people. “Moreover, these kind people are nice to me. They don’t want me to get tired either.”
Every time Roxanne was done performing acupuncture on four to five people, the elderly people would urge her to take a rest.
It was Roxanne’s guilt from the day before that prevented her from taking a break. Jack decided to help her from the side while explaining the situation to the elderly people for her. For a moment, the atmosphere was very harmonious.
“My, you both have such a good relationship, and you're even here to give us old folks free consultation. You’re kind!” The elderly people could not help but comment on their tacit cooperation. “Young man, you must not mistreat this girl. She’s such a great girl you won't be able to find someone like her anywhere else!”
Hearing that, Roxanne halted her acupuncture session and chuckled before explaining, “You've misunderstood the situation. We're not—”
Before she could finish her sentence, the elderly people smacked their thighs and interrupted her, “Misunderstand the situation? We're no fools. We can see what’s going on. Don’t hide it anymore. Come on, tell us when you're planning to get married!”
The elderly people were taking the topic further and further from the truth, and a resigned look crept onto Roxanne’s face. “We're really just friends. Please don’t misunderstand us.”
The elderly people looked at them from head to toe before nodding. “We understand. You young folks don’t like us old folks asking too many questions. We won’t say a word about this anymore. Just be nice to each other, okay?” 
###Chapter 1385
Chapter 1385
Chapter 1385 It was apparent that they did not buy her explanation at all.
Roxanne cast a glance at Jack, hoping that he would help her out.
However, Jack only smiled before turning away and changing the topic. “No matter what kind of relationship we have, it won’t affect our ability to treat you. Next, please.”
He did not deny the elderly people's assumption of their relationship, and so the elderly people became even more confident about their guesses as they looked at Roxanne and Jack lovingly.
Upon realizing that she could not change their minds, Roxanne decided to drop the topic. Nevertheless, she later made sure not to do anything to let others misunderstand the nature of her relationship with Jack. Roxanne ended up consulting dozens of elderly people, but their health issues were all common and not too severe.
As she was fully prepared to find their conditions had worsened, she was glad to see that they seemed better than she had thought they would be.
Thank God they’re not doing as terribly as | presumed.
Still, there were elderly people who were in worse conditions.
When she was consulting an elderly man with rheumatic heart disease, Roxanne visibly slowed down. He’s so old, and he has no children. If he gets a heart attack...
She could not imagine how hard it would be for the elderly man.
Noticing her strange behavior, Jack walked over and asked, “What’s the matter?”
Roxanne gave the elderly man a pacifying smile before whispering to Jack, “He has rheumatic heart disease. I’m afraid acupuncture won't be able to treat him. Why don’t we send him to the hospital instead?”
He would have someone to take care of him in the hospital, at the very least. Jack furrowed his brows a little before turning to smile gently at the elderly man. “Please let me give you a checkup as well.” The elderly man liked them both, so he was cooperative with them.
Jack narrowed his eyes and started giving the elderly man a checkup. Once he was certain it was indeed rheumatic heart disease, his expression turned somber.
“How is it?” Roxanne asked.
Jack had already taken out his acupuncture kit. He said to her, “I'll be performing acupuncture for him. Pay attention to this. This is what I’m planning to teach you for the medical consultation this time—the needling technique that has been passed down in the Damaris family for years, Root Thirteen.”
While he spoke, Jack inserted the sterilized thin needle into the elderly man’s acupuncture point.
The look on Roxanne’s face turned into one of respect. Like a student studying under her professor, she quietly stood at the side as she stared at Jack’s movement and the acupuncture points he used.
Roxanne had once heard about the acupuncture technique, Root Thirteen, from her professor before.
Even someone like Harvey admired the acupuncture technique. Every once in a while, he would sing praises of it to Roxanne, and that made Roxanne keen to find out what it was like.
However, when she told him she wanted to learn the technique, Harvey revealed to her that it was a unique technique owned by the Damaris family.
Back then, Roxanne had still been overseas. She only knew that the Damaris family was an elusive family, and when she saw the secretive way her professor acted at the mention of the technique, she started wondering if it was something he had made up to trick her.
She had never thought that the heir to the Damaris family would one day be the one to demonstrate the technique to her.
As Roxanne had nothing but admiration for Root Thirteen all these years, she could not help but place her entire focus on Jack’s performance.
Jack noticed it naturally, and an indiscernible smile grew on his lips.
| knew it. She’s as obsessed with medical skills as | thought she was. | might not be able as good in anything else as Lucian, and | might not have known her for as long as he did, but I’m the only one who can help her improve her medical skills! 
###Chapter 1386
Chapter 1386
Chapter 1386 As if he wanted her to observe the technique better, Jack was exceptionally slow whenever he inserted the needle. Roxanne had more time to mull over the details.
Sure enough, the way Jack inserted the needles was different from the other acupuncture techniques she had learned so far. Even though she had read some of the ancient medicine books, she had never come across the method he was using.
She guessed that was what made the Damaris family's technique unique.
Roxanne was gripped by confusion every time she saw Jack insert the needle into the acupuncture points, but once she saw the next acupuncture point he chose, she soon figured out what made them complementary.
“The following insertions are the main point, so watch carefully.”
Jack suddenly turned to her and slowed his actions down as he showed her the position of his needling. Roxanne kept a close eye on his hand.
When she saw him lower the needle into the position, she snapped her brows together in shock and confusion.
The last six insertions were not at any acupuncture point, and she was baffled by that. In fact, she wondered if those needles were going to do anything at all.
Roxanne then lowered her gaze to study the elderly man's condition.
Once Jack was done inserting the needles, the elderly man's brows furrowed as redness crawled onto his face and sweat beaded on his forehead.
Worried, Roxanne asked, “Sir, how do you feel? Are you feeling unwell?” Having said that, Roxanne turned back to Jack.
She was only saying that out of concern for the elderly man's odd state, but she was afraid that Jack would think she had no trust in the Damaris family's technique.
Luckily, Jack seemed unbothered by her question. Instead, he was standing at the side with a small, confident smile on his lips. Even when he saw the elderly man's reaction, his smile did not fade. Roxanne returned her gaze back to the elderly man.
The elderly man seemed to be assessing himself as well. After a while, he answered, "It feels... comfortable. I've always felt coldness in my chest all these years, but after the acupuncture session, my chest feels warm. | don't feel a tinge of iciness at all anymore.”
The elderly man closed his eyes to let himself dive into the physical sensation a little longer. He was looking more and more excited overtime.
Jack finally parted his lips to explain, “He has rheumatism, and it's not unusual for him to shed a little sweat during the treatment. In fact, that means the acupuncture session is doing its job.”
Roxanne nodded in understanding.
After a while, Jack checked the time and took the needles out.
“Sir, you need regular acupuncture sessions for your case. The Damarises will come over to perform it for you every once ina while, so please rest well and not get too agitated for the time being.”
The elderly man choked out, “I know. | know. Your acupuncture skills are fantastic...” After keeping the last needle, Jack turned around to see the elderly man bending his knees, about to kneel before him. “Sir, please don't! This is just our job!” Jack cried out as he hastily held the elderly man's arms.
As tears gushed out of the elderly man's eyes, he muttered, “You have no idea how long this problem has been plaguing me. If not for you two, | really think I'd die from this problem one day...”
Elderly people like them were lonely individuals. It was one thing for them to die from their illnesses, but another if they had to suffer from a slow-acting disease.
Without anyone to take care of them, every one of their attacks would equate to a tormenting period of living hell.
The elderly man was delighted to hear from someone that his disease was curable. 
###Chapter 1387
Chapter 1387
Chapter 1387 It took Jack and Roxanne a while before they could pacify the elderly man and calm him down. After that, they continued treating the rest of the elderly people.
Initially, the elderly people liked Roxanne for her looks and her sweet demeanor, and they were also curious about her relationship with Jack.
However, after witnessing how the two of them treated the elderly man, the others saw the duo in a new light. During their consultations, they would eagerly list out all of their health issues.
Many even talked about the minor issues they faced every day, desperately hoping that Roxanne and Jack could make them as healthy as a horse.
The two of them ended up getting heavier and heavier workloads.
Once the sessions were over, Roxanne was exhausted.
“How do you feel?”
Jack was tired too. He took a bottle of water and walked over to sit beside Roxanne.
Wiping the sweat off her forehead, she then took the bottle he passed to her and took a sip out of it before turning back to the smiling elderly individuals. There was a look of relief visible in her eyes.
“I'm tired, but | don't mind it as long as these people get to be healthy.” That was the aim of her trip, after all.
Right as those words were out of her mouth, she recalled the technique Jack had performed earlier, and a contemplating look manifested on her face.
Seemingly reading her mind, Jack smiled and asked, “Anything you want to ask about the Damaris family's Root Thirteen?” Asolemn expression appeared on Roxanne's face when they broached the topic of their profession.
“Where did you insert the last six needles? | can understand the starting parts because the acupuncture points were complementary, but the last six needles were not inserted into acupuncture points, were they?”
Awave of admiration washed over Jack when he heard her question. Then, it was a sense of determination to get her for himself.
The woman in front of me is so quick to comprehend new medical knowledge. | mustn't let go of her so easily. Despite those thoughts in his mind, Jack did not reveal anything on his face.
Instead, he explained patiently, “You're right in that the last six needles were not inserted into acupuncture points. Where they should be placed should depend on the condition of the patient. It's complicated to explain it now, but these are available in written form. Once we go back, I'll send you the book.”
Even though he was vague with his answer, Roxanne could figure out that the book he was talking about had to be the Damaris family's medical book, which had been passed down for generations. She knew that the book would certainly contain more information than just Root Thirteen.
Upon realizing that, Roxanne gasped and rejected him, “No, it's fine. Please, just explain it to me in simpler terms when you're free. That book must be very important to the Damaris family, so it's best if you don't just lend it to someone like me.”
Jack seemed unperturbed. “It's what my grandfather wants as well. Medical knowledge should not belong to only one family. It is our honor to share the Damaris family's medical knowledge with an excellent doctor like you.”
Roxanne's determination wavered.
She was already interested in the Damaris family's medical knowledge, but she always felt that it was something that solely belonged to the Damaris family.
She would be delighted and honored to have the Damaris family share their knowledge with her. However, she was also afraid. She wondered if she could bear the burden of Hector's admiration.
“My grandfather said that the Damaris family's medical knowledge would soon be known to the rest of the world. The more people who can grasp the knowledge, the more patients can be cured. It's my grandfather's wish to see a sight like this,” came Jack's voice by her side.
Roxanne had to dwell on it for a long while before nodding in gratitude. “I understand. I'll study the book as much as | can.” 
###Chapter 1388
Chapter 1388
Chapter 1388 Just then, a pot-bellied middle-aged man walked up to the duo. “Who's this with you, Mr. Damaris?”
Upon hearing that, Jack stood up to greet the man and make the introductions. “This is Dr. Roxanne Jarvis. Roxanne, meet Terence Canfield, the new person in charge of this nursing home.”
Roxanne smiled and greeted Terence cordially.
“So this is the renowned Dr. Jarvis?” Terence exclaimed while sizing the woman up. “People have raved about your beauty and talent, but | never thought you'd be this drop-dead gorgeous! To top it all off, you have a heart of gold too! The old folks have nothing but praise and admiration for you!”
“I'm nowhere as kind as you, Mr. Canfield,” Roxanne said smilingly. “If you hadn't taken over the nursing home, who knows what'd happen to these old folks?”
In response, Terence chuckled politely. “Oh, it's nothing to write home about. By the way, it's getting late. Do you guys have any plans for the evening? If you don't, why not stay and have dinner together? It'd be a good opportunity for me to thank you on behalf of our residents.”
Roxanne frowned and was about to turn Terence down when Jack's voice rang out.
“Sounds good! Besides, | wanted to ask you about the old folks' follow-up treatments,” he remarked before turning to Roxanne for her opinion. “I'm not sure if Ms. Jarvis has any plans for the night, though. If she does, I'd need to trouble you to make arrangements for transportation to send her back, Mr. Canfield.”
Naturally, Roxanne didn't want to trouble Terence, and since she was also concerned about the follow-up care, she decided to go along with the men.
“Let's have dinner together, then. I'd love to learn more about the old folks' follow-up treatments too.” With that, Terence led them to a restaurant near the nursing home. Since he had already made a reservation, one of the servers promptly ushered them into a private room and served their food.
“Here's a toast to you, Mr. Damaris and Dr. Jarvis!” Terence said as he raised his glass and regarded his guests with awe. “Well, I'm sure you've seen the current state of the nursing home. We're happy to provide financial support, yet there still aren't any medical organizations willing to help us out. They think our elderly residents have a high mortality rate, so they don't want to ruin their reputation by collaborating with us. You two are the only ones who immediately agreed to provide medical consultation!”
After exchanging glances, Roxanne and Jack stood up.
“We're only doing our jobs as doctors,” the latter replied pleasantly. “You, on the other hand, ought to be applauded for your incredible generosity. It's clear to see that the nursing home is in shambles, yet you were still kind enough to take it over. You have our utmost respect!”
Roxanne nodded and chimed in, “Indeed. If it weren't for your support, we might not even have gotten this opportunity to provide medical consultation.”
Given that the three of them were equally enthusiastic about the nursing home, it wasn't long before they settled into a lively and comfortable conversation. Even though their discussion was about the nursing home's future, Terence, who was used to business entertaining, couldn't
stop offering drinks to Jack and Roxanne.
Not wanting to reject the man's polite gesture, the duo went with the flow, so much so that Roxanne started feeling a buzz from all the alcohol.
Halfway through the dinner, several family members of the old folks suddenly showed up with bags of thank-you gifts, which prompted even more rounds of speeches and toasts.
Many of those people had no choice but to send their elderly parents to the nursing home because they couldn't afford the hefty medical expenses.
Therefore, they were all filled with immense gratitude after knowing that Roxanne and Jack had treated the old folks without charging a single cent.
How, then, could Roxanne not accept their heartfelt toasts?
Eventually, she lost count of how many glasses of wine she had drunk, though she was acutely aware that her head felt heavy and her motor responses were becoming sluggish. 
###Chapter 1389
Chapter 1389
Chapter 1389 Just then, Jack's muffled voice rang out beside Roxanne. “Ms. Jarvis, are you okay?” Roxanne forcefully blinked her eyes to clear her head, but all her efforts proved futile.
Despite having heard Jack's question, she couldn't muster the energy to reply, so she could only acknowledge him by holding eye contact.
Jack had also drunk quite a lot, and after noticing how intoxicated Roxanne was, he knew it was time to bid farewell to Terence and the family members.
“It's getting late. We should be heading back to get some rest. We'll still have to return to the nursing home tomorrow to continue the treatments.”
Upon hearing that, the crowd knew better than to take up any more of the duo's time. As such, everyone expressed their gratitude once more before seeing Roxanne and Jack out of the restaurant.
With Roxanne in such a drunken stupor, Jack had to keep her steady by holding her arm.
There were even a few instances when he tried to pull the doctor into his arms so they could walk together a little easier. However, despite being inebriated, Roxanne still subconsciously avoided his touch and stumbled down the road. Naturally, Jack wasn't happy about that.
/ realize Roxanne's been intentionally avoiding all physical contact with me since this morning's medical consultation... Is it because of Lucian? Argh! How exactly has their relationship progressed?
“Mmph...” Roxanne groaned as she almost bumped her head against the wall.
Jack composed himself and strode toward her, determined to grab her waist and lead her away.
Alas, before he could do so, a flurry of footsteps rang out, and a large hand swiftly pulled Roxanne into a tight embrace.
“Let her go!” Jack shouted, his brows knitted into a frown.
The next second, his gaze darkened when he realized who the man was.
As Lucian steadied Roxanne with one hand wrapped around her, he fixed Jack with a cold-eyed stare.
“| believe | should be saying that instead, Mr. Damaris,” Lucian uttered. “What were you going to do to my woman?”
Dealing with the branch office had been pretty fuss-free, so Lucian returned to the hotel as soon as he settled all work matters. However, he began to worry when Roxanne hadn't returned for dinner and wasn't answering his calls either.
In desperation, he drove straight to the nursing home, only to be told that the person in charge had taken Jack and Roxanne out for dinner.
After rushing down to the restaurant, he was shocked to see an intoxicated Roxanne and Jack, who was about to make a move on her.
The more Lucian thought about it, the more his face darkened.
Jack hadn't expected Lucian to show up, so it was no surprise that the latter's questioning left a bad taste in his mouth.
“What brings you here, Mr. Farwell?” he asked warily, though he had other questions in mind.
He wanted to know why Lucian was in Jadeborough with Roxanne and the relationship between the duo.
More importantly, how did Lucian find out about the dinner at the restaurant? Was it Roxanne who informed him? Then again, Jack's intentions would be too obvious if he bombarded Lucian with those questions.
Therefore, he decided to keep it short and sweet.
“Is it me, or do you not seem to want me here, Mr. Damaris?” Lucian retorted coldly as he raised his brows. “Have you not given up on my woman? What would you have done to her if | hadn't appeared?”
Try as he might, Jack couldn't take his eyes off the couple.
The woman who had purposely avoided his touch earlier was now happily snuggled against Lucian's chest without a care in the world.
Of course, that annoyed Jack so much that he couldn't even hide the frustration in his tone.
“You seem to have a lot of hostility toward me, Mr. Farwell. It was also like this previously. There wasn't any evidence, yet you still suspected me of plotting against Ms. Jarvis.” 
###Chapter 1390
Chapter 1390
Lucian did not even try to deny Jack's words, and he looked as hostile as ever.
It seemed that Roxanne felt uncomfortable because of his tight hold, so she whined and struggled a bit. Sensing her movements, Lucian loosened his grip and patted her on the shoulder to calm her down. When Jack saw the intimate interaction between the couple, his displeasure grew.
“Ms. Jarvis and | just drank a little wine with the patients’ families. We cured the elders, so their family members enthusiastically insisted on thanking us. | was planning to drive Ms. Jarvis home since she's drunk.”
It sounded like Jack was simply explaining, but anyone smart enough could decipher the meaning hidden behind his words.
Jack was basically declaring that Roxanne and he were from the same world. They cured the elders together and accepted the families’ gratitude together, and all these had nothing to do with Lucian.
Naturally, Lucian knew what Jack was trying to imply. The former's face turned stern as he said, "Thanks for your reminder, Mr. Damaris. I'll tell Roxanne to drink less next time in gatherings like this.” Just like that, he retorted Jack's provocation.
Afterward, Lucian added, "It's getting late. I'll take Roxanne back to the hotel so she can rest. There are a lot of things in my car, and | don't want to let you feel uncomfortable in a cramped space.
Please just wait for your driver to pick you up, Mr. Damaris.” With that, Lucian turned around and left with Roxanne. Jack boiled with rage as he watched the couple's leaving figures.
“Mr. Farwell, are you backtracking now? How come | remember that you always treated your ex-wife coldly six years ago? You seemed to dislike her a lot,” he couldn't help but mock.
Pausing in his tracks, Lucian admitted his fault frankly. "| had indeed lost my mind six years ago and made Roxanne suffer. But now, | know my own feelings very well. Roxanne can only be mine. Mr. Damaris, | suggest you stop making useless efforts.”
Jack sneered, "If | remember correctly, it hasn't been long since you canceled your engagement with your previous fiancee. And now, you're declaring your dominance over Ms. Jarvis. How ridiculous!”
The implication of his sarcastic words was clear—Jack was set on snatching Roxanne from Lucian.
Lucian turned around and shot a glance at Jack. “So what? Roxanne is the mother of my daughter. Just that fact alone proves that our relationship is impenetrable by outsiders.”
Right after Lucian said that, he felt something heavy against his body.
Lowering his head, he saw that Roxanne had fallen asleep in his arms. She was resting against his chest, looking like she was about to collapse anytime.
Lucian's eyes softened as he looked at Roxanne's sleeping face. He then bent down and carried her.
In her sleep, Roxanne could smell a scent that made her feel safe. She leaned into Lucian and put her hand over his chest, grabbing his shirt.
Even when his designer shirt was wrinkled by Roxanne's action, Lucian only smiled dotingly and walked downstairs.
Under the influence of alcohol, Jack was even more incensed to see the two leave together. His eyes turned red with rage, and his hands balled into tight fists.
So what if they have a child?
After spending the day with Roxanne and discovering her impressive comprehension of medical knowledge, Jack was determined to win Roxanne over.
She was the only one qualified to do research in medicine with him and build their own empire in the medical field.
| still have a chance as long as Lucian and Roxanne don't remarry. I'm going to make Roxanne mine! 
###Chapter 1391
Chapter 1391
Meanwhile, Lucian arrived downstairs and went into the car with Roxanne in his arms. She was so deep asleep that she did not stir at all.
After putting a jacket over her and fastening her seatbelt, Lucian got into the driver’s seat and drove back to the hotel. Worried that he might wake Roxanne up, he drove very slowly.
By the time they got back to the hotel, it was already past nine at night.
“Roxanne?”
Lucian parked the car and softly called out to Roxanne.
In response, Roxanne scrunched her eyebrows slightly. She then pulled the jacket over her shoulder and covered her ears. Seeing that, Lucian couldn't resist stroking her hair. He got out of the car quietly before carrying her off the car seat.
It was breezy outside. Despite the jacket draped over her, Roxanne instinctively snuggled into his chest.
Lucian held her tighter and quickened his pace, though his steps remained steady.
At the sight of the sweet couple, the people in the hotel lobby looked over with surprise and envy.
Ignoring their gazes, Lucian headed upstairs.
He did not even spare a glance at Roxanne's room when he passed by. Instead, he brought Roxanne to his room.
Just as he was about to set her down on the bed, Roxanne seemed to sense something and held on to his shirt tightly. Lucian could only bend down and gently coax, “Be good and let go. | won't leave. It'll be uncomfortable if you sleep like this.” While he spoke, he pulled away her fingers lightly.
Perhaps Roxanne heard him, as she furrowed her eyebrows again and released him.
Lucian couldn't help chuckling when he saw her expression. After tucking her in, he caressed her head.
As the effect of alcohol kicked in, Roxanne frowned in discomfort and whimpered.
Lucian immediately stood up to pour her a glass of water. Next, he called the front desk and asked for some hangover pills. He finally managed to put the pill in Roxanne's mouth after a few attempts, but she did not swallow it even after some time. Noticing that, Lucian held the glass next to her lips so she could take the pill with water.
However, it seemed that Roxanne was unhappy about being fed the pill, so she refused to open her mouth.
“Roxanne, be a good girl. Open your mouth and eat the medicine,” said Lucian while pinching her cheeks gently.
Roxanne turned her head away with a pout and buried herself in the blanket. Her eyebrows were deeply furrowed, unwillingness written all over her face.
“No, | can't drink anymore. I'm serious...” she muttered while shaking her head repeatedly under the blanket.
Apparently, she thought someone was feeding her alcohol.
While Lucian felt sorry for Roxanne, he also found her antics amusing.
The warm water in his hand was getting cold. Narrowing his eyes, Lucian lifted the glass to his mouth and took a sip.
In her stupor, Roxanne felt someone pulling her blanket away. She hurriedly reached out to grab it, but someone captured her chin just then.
She was forced to open her mouth as a hand pinched her chin. The next moment, she felt something warm on her lips. “Hmph...”
Roxanne was forced to swallow the water from Lucian's mouth. She was about to push him away, but as her dry throat felt nourished, she slowly retracted her hands.
When Lucian sensed Roxanne's cooperation, his gaze darkened.
He should have stopped after feeding her water and making sure she swallowed the pill, but he couldn't hold himself back from clasping her chin again and savoring her lips.
It was only when Roxanne ran out of breath and began struggling that he reluctantly let her go. 
###Chapter 1392
Chapter 1392
Chapter 1392 Not daring to glance at the woman on the bed again, Lucian headed straight into the bathroom. After a cold shower, he barely managed to contain the burning desire within him.
Lucian decided to spend his night on the couch. Yet, the moment he opened the bathroom door, an alluring-looking Roxanne came up to him and wrapped her arms around his neck.
Lucian paused abruptly and looked down at the woman before him.
Roxanne's lips were still red and swollen from the kiss earlier. With half-lidded eyes, she tiptoed forward to close their distance. “Roxanne?”
Heat gushed toward Lucian's lower body as he took in the way Roxanne looked. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse.
As if not hearing him at all, Roxanne sealed his lips with a soft moan.
Lucian's cold shower proved to be useless in face of Roxanne's unexpected attack.
Placing his hands over her slim waist, he walked her to the bed.
After laying Roxanne down, Lucian held himself back with all his might and clamped her wrists with his hands, forcefully putting a distance between them.
“Did you have a dream?” That was the only explanation Lucian could think of.
Although Roxanne had already accepted him, he could see from the way she usually acted that she wasn't ready to take their relationship to the next step yet, much less initiate something like this.
There was a dazed look in Roxanne's eyes. When she heard Lucian, she frowned slightly in confusion. Then she began squirming in an attempt to get closer to him.
Lucian's gaze was as deep as the sea. His Adam's apple bobbed as he looked at Roxanne, but in the end, he clenched his jaw and turned away.
He was scared he would lose control if he kept seeing her that way.
She's drunk. If something happens now, she might regret it later.
“Lucian...”
Unable to touch the man above her, Roxanne whined and stared at him with moist eyes.
Lucian gulped hard when he heard her voice. Instinctively, his hands slackened a bit.
The next moment, Roxanne struggled out of Lucian's grip and pressed against him, igniting the fire within him. The last bit of rationality in Lucian dissipated with that. With heavy breaths, he leaned in and took over.
After the passionate session, Roxanne was totally knocked out.
Lucian was about to massage her waist, but before he could even touch her, she croaked, “No more...” She reflexively raised her hand in defense even in her sleep, albeit weakly.
A dark look fleeted across Lucian's eyes again at her voice. Nevertheless, he suppressed his urge out of consideration for her and carried her into the bathroom.
After dousing himself in cold water, he cleaned Roxanne up. Having had a warm shower, Roxanne drifted off to deep sleep in his arms. If it weren't for the marks on Roxanne's body, Lucian would have thought everything that happened earlier was just a dream.
He brought her back to the bed and carefully dressed her in pajamas. Roxanne was obviously exhausted as she did not wake up throughout the process.
When Lucian settled Roxanne down, he hesitated for a while before finally lying down beside her. We've already done everything, so there's no need to worry about things like this.
With that in mind, Lucian pulled Roxanne into his embrace and closed his eyes with satisfaction. 
###Chapter 1393
Chapter 1393
Chapter 1393 The next morning, Lucian woke up first. Roxanne had drunk too much and gone through a lot the night before, so she was still fast asleep in his arms.
Lowering his head, Lucian was met with the adorable sight of Roxanne's face. Her breaths were soft and steady, her long, doll- like lashes quivering slightly.
When he moved his gaze downward, the marks he left on her body came into view. Right at that moment, memories of the previous night rushed into Lucian's head.
His breathing turned labored as he wrapped his arms around Roxanne tightly. Overcome by his emotions, he trailed feather-light kisses on her forehead, her eyes, and down her neck.
Feeling something ticklish on her face, Roxanne struggled to wake up- When she opened her eyes, she saw Lucian's handsome features right before her and felt his hot breath fanning over her face. Lucian was holding her waist, his touch scorching her skin.
Roxanne froze for a few seconds before realization hit her. Like a startled prey, she shoved Lucian away and bolted upright in bed while holding the blanket to her body.
The soreness that shot up from her waist made her flinch, but she gritted her teeth and stopped herself from cryingout. “You...”
She widened her eyes in panic and questioned, “What happened?
Why are we here like this?”
Lucian couldn't help but frown when she suddenly pushed him. “You don't remember?”
Roxanne was tense all over, and upon hearing Lucian's question, she was further taken aback. “What do you mean?”
Even though she did not want to face the truth, her sore waist and the marks on her body were solid evidence of what had happened.
Last night, we really...
However, Roxanne only remembered being forced to drink a lot at the restaurant and then being led out with Jack's help. Her memory of the happenings afterward, including Lucian's appearance, was blurry.
She had no recollection at all as to what occurred after they returned to the hotel.
So what really happened last night? Judging from Lucian's tone, it sounds like | was the one who took the initiative...Oh no...
Roxanne grew more anxious the more she thought about it. When she saw Lucian's confused expression, guilt flashed across her eyes.
“You were drunk last night. | brought you back and fed you hangover medicine.”
While rubbing his temple, Lucian sat up and recounted the events last night. “When | came out of the bathroom after taking a shower, you suddenly approached me. | warned you, but...”
Lucian only had a towel wrapped around his waist, and red marks covered his exposed torso.
At that point, Lucian turned to glance at Roxanne. He did not need to speak further; Roxanne could already guess what transpired thereafter.
He warned me, but | wouldn't stop clinging to him. Upon remembering that scene, Roxanne averted her eyes as a blush painted her cheeks. That's true. There's no way Lucian would take advantage of me while | was drunk. But why did | act that way?
Lucian's eyes grew dark when he saw Roxanne's reddened face. He went on, “I did consider the possibility that you'd react like this when you wake up, so | kept stopping you. But you wouldn't listen.”
Roxanne turned around to defend herself, but the marks on Lucian's chest came into sight like a reminder of how passionate she had been the night before.
For a moment, she was stumped for words. Her face flushed with embarrassment as she gripped the blanket with despair, overcome with the urge to bury herself in it.
What was with me last night? Why was | so... 
###Chapter 1394
Chapter 1394
Lucian was still talking.
“It has already happened. If you want to blame someone, then blame me. I'm the one who lost control.” Roxanne covered her face in embarrassment. “Stop talking. Please leave and let me cool down on my own. “
Seeing Roxanne get embarrassed from his teasing, a hint of a smile appeared on Lucian's lips, but it disappeared in a flash, and he returned to his serious expression.
“But now that | think about it, | feel like your response last night was rather strange.” He stared at her intently and asked, “Do you not remember anything?” Roxanne covered her face with her hands and tried hard to recall what had happened.
However, no matter how she tried to remember, she could only come up with her drunken foolishness. Lucian's figure somewhat flashed before her, but she could not remember exactly what they did.
If it weren't for the marks on their bodies or the soreness of her waist, Roxanne would not have been able to guess what had happened the night before.
After some time, she felt defeated and gave up on trying to remember. She shook her head and looked at Lucian. “I can't remember anything.”
Lucian frowned. “How about now? Is your body feeling all right? Are you feeling uncomfortable anywhere?” When she heard him ask those questions, Roxanne immediately thought of her sore waist.
Even if | did initiate things last night, | can’t believe Lucian is such a beast!
Every time she moved, she felt as though her waist would break in half.
However, with the current situation, she felt embarrassed to say that her waist hurt. Her face was red as she shook her head. “No.”
Lucian saw through her strange behavior. He glanced at her waist and said apologetically, “Sorry. Last night, | lost control—” “Stop!” Roxanne quickly interrupted and stopped him before he could continue. | don't want to think of what happened last night anymore!
Lucian stopped himself. He turned serious as he said, “I also think you acted strangely last night. You were acting the same like that night six years ago.”
Roxanne scrunched her eyebrows.
Six years ago, she was the one who fed Lucian the medication. After that, she drank some of it because she was afraid she would not have the guts to do it.
No way. Did | fall into someone's trap last night?
However, when she thought of the drinking party last night, it did not seem like anyone would harbor such ill intentions toward her.
Plus, there were so many people at the drinking party. If someone were to do something, they would not do it in such a crowded place.
No matter how she racked her brain, she could not remember how she ended up in that state. Instead, it only jumbled up her thoughts.
Roxanne could not help but be annoyed at herself. She was very talented in medicine, yet she was clueless about what had happened to her.
“Stop thinking about it.”
Lucian noticed the change in her emotions and expressions and regretted telling her his opinion. He opened his arms and wrapped her into his embrace.
| can conduct an investigation on my own for this matter. | can always tell her about it when there's a result.
It would only add to Roxanne's frustrations if he continued to talk about it.
Roxanne was still lost in her thoughts. She did not even realize that Lucian had wrapped his arms around her. She was already in Lucian's embrace when she snapped back to reality.
Roxanne's nose was filled with Lucian's natural scent, calming her down. She initially wanted to push him away but stopped herself as she leaned against his shoulder.
Lucian stroked her hair and comforted, “Don't worry. No matter what happens, I'll be by your side.”
He paused momentarily before he continued, “I'll also take responsibility for my actions.” 
###Chapter 1395
Chapter 1395
Roxanne had only just calmed down. However, when she heard what he said, the redness on her face that had not subsided suddenly spread to her ears again.
“It's getting late. | want to shower and change. Please get out!”
Her face was as red as a tomato when she struggled out of Lucian's arms. She pretended to be angry as she looked at the man before her.
Lucian frowned slightly and helplessly said, “But this is my room.”
Roxanne's expression froze when she heard his reply. She quickly looked around the room.
Sure enough, she did not see the suitcase she had placed beside the bed. This isn 't my room.
Just as she was about to ask Lucian why he had brought her to his room, he took the initiative to explain. “You drank too much last night, and | didn't have the keycard to your room, so | could only bring you here.” Roxanne could not refute his explanation.
She frowned as she looked around the room. The clothes she wore last night were neatly folded by Lucian and placed at the foot of the bed. They still stunk of alcohol, so she could no longer wear them.
She was only wearing a robe provided by the hotel, and there were love marks all over her neck and the top of her chest. Roxanne felt she had no courage to walk out with only this robe on. All of a sudden, she felt troubled.
Lucian got out of bed and said in a deep voice, “I'll shower first. You should sleep a little longer. I'll grab some clothes for you later.”
Roxanne hesitated for a moment but agreed since there was no other choice.
Lucian made his way toward the bathroom. The muscles on his back bounced slightly as he walked. Roxanne's gaze landed on the red claw-like marks on his back.
Roxanne gasped and covered herself with the blanket, blushing from embarrassment.
All she could hear was the sound of water coming from the bathroom.
After some time, the water stopped.
Roxanne subconsciously tensed up. She did not know how to face Lucian.
“I'll go and grab your clothes for you.”
Lucian opened the door and left after telling her that. Luckily, he did not make things difficult for her. Only then did Roxanne peek out from under the blanket and sigh in relief.
While Lucian was not in the room, she hurriedly got up from the bed and entered the bathroom. She did not expect a lingering cold breeze inside the bathroom.
It was evident that Lucian had taken a cold shower.
Acomplicated look crossed Roxanne's eyes when she realized that. Her worries about the night before also dissipated.
Only when she was showering did she remember that Lucian had helped clean her after their steamy session last night. No wonder | felt nothing strange except my sore waist when | woke up this morning...
Roxanne felt her cheeks redden when she remembered that Lucian had helped to clean her.
She would not have been that embarrassed if they had only done the wild thing.
After all, they did it six years ago, and she had been the one to initiate it back then.
/ can't believe he helped me to clean my body...
All of a sudden, someone knocked on the door.
Roxanne quickly composed herself and scooped some water to pat her face trying to calm herself down.
“| left your clothes at the door. You can grab them when you're done. I'll wait for you at the entrance.” Lucian's voice rang out from behind the door.
Perhaps it was because she had realized that Lucian had washed her body, but Roxanne felt herself become more sensitive to his voice. She was stunned momentarily before guiltily answering, “Thank you. I’m sorry for troubling you.”
There were no movements outside the door, but through the frosted glass, she could see that Lucian had placed her clothes on the chair before he left. 
###Chapter 1396
Chapter 1396
Roxanne endured the pain in her waist as she finished up her shower. Upon putting on her clothes and stepping out of the bathroom, she saw Lucian standing in the corridor. “I’m done.” Lucian promptly approached her and abruptly stretched his hand toward her.
His action confounded her for a moment. Then, she looked in the direction his hand was stretching toward and saw him lifting her collar.
She was stunned for a moment before she realized why he was doing that and reflexively avoided his line of sight. “| have to go for medical consultation, so I'll be leaving now.” Then, she lowered her head and walked past him.
Knowing that her thoughts were still in disarray, Lucian decided the best course of action was to stay quiet and let her calm down by herself.
After he watched her leave, he returned to his room.
Roxanne mentioned she needed to do medical consultation because she was simply worried about the residents of the nursing home and not because she felt guilty.
Upon glancing at the time and seeing it was almost eight.
We had already reached the nursing home at this time yesterday, yet Jack hasn’t even come out yet. Hence, she knocked on Jack’s door as she was perplexed, wanting to ask him what was going on. However, no one replied to her, despite the continuous knocking.
Just as Roxanne was about to call Jack, a cleaner stepped out of the neighboring room and helpfully informed her, “The person in that room has already checked out.”
Roxanne was confused. “When?” | thought we were going to attend the medical consultation together today. We even had dinner together last night.
“After he came back last night.”
Upon thanking the cleaner, she looked away, feeling rather uneasy. Jack seemed fine during the dinner yesterday. Why did he come back here last night just to check out? If | remember correctly, he was going to send me back yesterday, so logically, he should be preparing to return together with me...
The more she thought about it, the weirder she found the situation to be. Maybe something happened after | was drunk.
Thus, she returned to Lucian to find out what happened.
After she knocked on the entrance twice, Lucian opened the door and stared at her. “What’s the matter? Aren’t you in a hurry to attend the medical consultation?”
Roxanne carefully observed his expression as she spoke. “Did something happen after | got drunk last night?”
In response, he deliberately scrutinized her as though he was asking, Don’t you know what happened already?
Upon detecting the look in his eyes, she furrowed her eyebrows with embarrassment and fury. “What I’m asking is if there was a conflict between you and Mr. Damaris. He checked out of his room last night.”
The only possibility she could think of was that Lucian had a dispute of some kind with Jack when the former went to pick her up. The look in Lucian’s eyes turned cold. He didn’t like her questioning him because of another man so soon after leaving his bed.
“You think I’m the one who chased him away?” His expression became icier as he recalled what had transpired last night. | didn’t do anything. However, even if | did chase him away, | would’ve been justified in doing so because of what he said.
Upon noticing the changes in his countenance, Roxanne explained, “That's not what | meant. I'm just curious as to why Mr. Damaris suddenly checked out. We have a medical consultation today, and he’s the person in charge. He shouldn't have left without saying a word.” 
###Chapter 1397
Chapter 1397
Roxanne wasn’t sure what was going on with herself, but she really didn’t want to be misunderstood by Lucian, especially regarding her relationship with Jack.
After ending her sentence, she gazed at his expression carefully. Her explanation calmed him down, prompting him to withdraw his frigid expression.
“He wasn’t acting differently last night, and | had no conflict with him. | don’t know why he suddenly checked out.” He spoke as though his dispute with Jack last night didn’t happen.
Fearing that she might have misunderstood him, Roxanne held back from further thinking about the matter and nodded. “Then I'll give him a call.”
Lucian’s eyes darkened as he felt the urge to stop her.
However, he just kept quiet because he believed he should act magnanimously after she explained their relationship voluntarily. After she bade him goodbye, she returned to her room and called Jack.
It took a while before he answered the phone. “What's the matter, Ms. Jarvis?”
Frowning, Roxanne confronted, “The cleaner said you checked out last night.”
“Mhm,” said Jack, thinking she was wondering why he had left.
To his surprise, she questioned, “What about today’s medical consultation? Are you still going?”
The look in his eyes darkened a little. Despite his displeasure, he still sounded gentle when he answered, “I won't be going. We spent the past two days checking up on the elderly with severe affliction, so all that’s left are the relatively healthy ones. You can let the other doctors examine them. I'll head over there if there are any problems.”
Then he sighed. “Also, | was feeling quite tired yesterday, so | wanted to rest today.” He was hinting at Roxanne to ask him about what happened last night.
However, she didn’t catch his intentions and merely said, “Then you should rest well, Mr. Damaris. Don’t worry, | can head over to the nursing home too if any problems pop up.”
Jack was not pleased and he frowned. “Thank you, Ms. Jarvis.” She didn’t sense the change in his tone and smiled. “It’s what I’m supposed to do.”
“Oh yeah, | recently decided to develop a new medicine, which may require collaboration with your research institute. | look forward to working with you when the time comes, Ms. Jarvis.”
Without hesitotion, she ogreed possionotely, “Sure! Oh, | olmost forgot. How ore you feeling right now? | remember you dronk o lot lost night. Do you feel unwell?”
Jock osked probingly, “I wos plonning to send you bock first, but Mr. Forwell insisted on doing it insteod. Did he toke good core of you?”
“Yes, he did.” She forced herself to onswer colmly ond tersely os she didn’t wont to soy onything more thon thot.
Upon listening to her reply, he scowled. Something must've hoppened lost night! Why else would she be so unwilling to speok further?
“You should rest if you're tired, Mr. Domoris. | won’t bother you onymore,” uttered Roxonne noncholontly.
Knowing he shouldn't soy onything else, Jock replied in o deep voice ond woited for her to hong up the phone.
Immediotely ofter the coll ended, he glowered. If my guess is correct, her ottitude toword Lucion hos softened! It’s only o motter of time before they remorry if | keep woiting! | need to do something!
Without hesitation, she agreed passionately, “Sure! Oh, | almost forgot. How are you feeling right now? | remember you drank a lot last night. Do you feel unwell?”
Jack asked probingly, “I was planning to send you back first, but Mr. Farwell insisted on doing it instead. Did he take good care of you?”
“Yes, he did.” She forced herself to answer calmly and tersely as she didn’t want to say anything more than that.
Upon listening to her reply, he scowled. Something must've happened last night! Why else would she be so unwilling to speak further?
“You should rest if you're tired, Mr. Damaris. | won’t bother you anymore,” uttered Roxanne nonchalantly. Knowing he shouldn’t say anything else, Jack replied in a deep voice and waited for her to hang up the phone.
Immediately after the call ended, he glowered. If my guess is correct, her attitude toward Lucian has softened! It’s only a matter of time before they remarry if | keep waiting! | need to do something! 
###Chapter 1398
Chapter 1398
Just as Roxanne ended the call, someone knocked on her door.
When she opened it, she saw Lucian standing outside.
His eyebrows remained furrowed as though he didn’t expect her to open the door that quickly.
“What's the matter?” Roxanne was puzzled. “Have you taken care of your matters? It’s about time for you to leave, right?” Slowly, his eyebrows relaxed. “Almost. | was wondering if you want me to drive you to the nursing home.”
In reality, he just wanted to ensure she didn’t speak with Jack for too long.
Upon recalling Jack’s words, Roxanne said, “Thanks, but | don’t need to visit the nursing home today. The elderly with serious illnesses had received their examinations yesterday, so all that’s left today are the healthy ones.”
“Then we should return home soon,” suggested Lucian. The children are still waiting at home, and Horington’s branch requires my assistance. Most importantly, if we keep staying here, it'll be hard for me to prevent her from interacting with Jack if he shows up.
Initially, she wanted to agree to that, but she was concerned there would be accidents at the nursing home, so she thought about it and refused. “You can return first if you're in a hurry. | think I'll go back a little later.”
As he knitted his eyebrow, he gazed at her scrutinizingly.
Knowing he had misunderstood something, Roxanne explained resignedly, “I’m worried that | missed someone with a serious condition yesterday. If the doctors there spot any today, I'll be able to head over there in time to treat them. So, | want to stay in Jadeborough for half a day.”
His expression relaxed as he nodded. “I'll keep you company.” His tone was so natural that it stunned her.
Lucian clarified, “I brought you here, so | should be the one to bring you back. Besides, | don’t have anything important going on right now. | can stick around for a little longer.”
She was touched. He didn’t say it, but | know he’s only waiting for me. Still, it'll probably be boring to wait in the hotel for half a day if nothing happens in the nursing home. How about...
When her train of thought ended, she suggested, “Since it’s still early, let’s go shopping and buy some presents for the children.” This way, we won't get bored, and | can still respond to anything that crops up in the nursing home on time! Besides, we'll be able to bring some presents back home for the kids. | bet they’ll be happy to receive them.
Lucion nodded. Thus, they pocked their bogs ond checked out before he drove them to the commerciol district. On their ride there, they occosionolly exchonged o few words in o comfortoble otmosphere.
The lost time Roxonne come to Jodeborough wos six yeors ogo. Mony things in the city hod chonged during those six yeors, so much so thot she found the ploce somewhot unfomilior.
Thonkfully, Lucion wos there to exploin potiently whot chonges hod been mode to the city, when, ond why.
She very much enjoyed listening to his commentory.
“| heord from Modilyn thot there’s o fomous children’s theme pork in Jodeborough.” Her tone wos filled with regret when she soid thot. | bet the children would be thrilled to visit thot ploce.
He immediotely guessed whot wos on her mind with her tone olone. So, he soid, “The next time we bring them here, we'll stop by the ploce.”
Lucian nodded.
Thus, they packed their bags and checked out before he drove them to the commercial district.
On their ride there, they occasionally exchanged a few words in a comfortable atmosphere.
The last time Roxanne came to Jadeborough was six years ago. Many things in the city had changed during those six years, so much so that she found the place somewhat unfamiliar.
Thankfully, Lucian was there to explain patiently what changes had been made to the city, when, and why. She very much enjoyed listening to his commentary.
“| heard from Madilyn that there’s a famous children’s theme park in Jadeborough.” Her tone was filled with regret when she said that. | bet the children would be thrilled to visit that place.
He immediately guessed what was on her mind with her tone alone. So, he said, “The next time we bring them here, we'll stop by the place.” 
###Chapter 1399
Chapter 1399
Upon hearing that, Roxanne turned to him reflexively. It feels like we’re a married couple planning our next trip, but we aren’t because of my selfishness and worries. As a result, the boys still don’t have a father.
As she thought about that, a look of remorse flashed past her eyes.
Lucian detected the sudden change in her mood and inquired, “What's the matter? Are you worried about the elderly in the nursing home?”
Pursing her lips, she squeezed out a smile at him. “It’s nothing. | was just thinking about the children and wondering how they're doing right now.”
He comforted, “We're returning in the afternoon, so we'll see them soon. They’re smart, so they can take care of themselves.” Roxanne nodded.
Moments later, Lucian parked the car in the underground parking lot under the commercial district. After they entered the mall, they went straight to the children’s department.
She knew what the children liked, so her hands were quickly full from carrying a bunch of stuff, like toys and clothes. They shopped until it was afternoon. By that point, Roxanne’s mood was back to normal.
She glanced at her phone and saw no doctors had contacted her. Thus, she knew the situation in the nursing home was all right and went to pay for her items.
Just as she was going to use her phone to pay, Lucian handed his bank card to the cashier. Roxanne was taken aback for a moment. When she returned to her senses, she rejected, “I can pay.” While the items were meant for children, they cost more than ten thousand in total. Hence, she didn’t want him to pay.
However, he sternly said, “Some of these are presents for Essie. Besides, Archie and Benny like me. | feel like | should gift them something. I’m not great at picking presents, so I'll pay for the ones you choose. Consider these our gift to them.”
Hearing that, Roxanne hesitated.
Meanwhile, the cashier grinned at her as they held the bank card. “Since you two are together, you should let him pay. Our store always has a rule that the dad should be the one to do it.”
Again, Roxanne pondered about her decision. She had the money to buy the items, but the employee’s words were making her waver.
| suppose the boys will be hoppy if Lucion is gifting them these os their fother. With thot thought in mind, she put owoy her phone ond expressed her grotitude. “I thonk you on beholf of my children.”
Lucion frowned, seemingly displeosed by her polite ottitude.
However, he wos owore he couldn't reolly soy onything ot the moment, so he silently occepted her grotitude ond gestured for the coshier to use the cord.
After poying for the items, they left the moll with mony bogs.
Regret bubbled in Roxonne’s heort ofter they wolked for o while. | bought too mony things for the children, especiolly Archie ond Bennie. Ugh, it’s quite difficult to wolk with these two Lego spoceships | bought for the boys. It tokes up so much spoce!
Her speed groduolly decreosed os she seorched for something to put the bogs on to rest her honds.
“Woit for me here. I'll toke these to the cor before driving here to pick you up,” Lucion soid. Before she could reply, he quickened his steps ond went to the porking lot with honds full of bogs.
| suppose the boys will be happy if Lucian is gifting them these as their father. With that thought in mind, she put away her phone and expressed her gratitude. “I thank you on behalf of my children.”
Lucian frowned, seemingly displeased by her polite attitude.
However, he was aware he couldn't really say anything at the moment, so he silently accepted her gratitude and gestured for the cashier to use the card.
After paying for the items, they left the mall with many bags.
Regret bubbled in Roxanne’s heart after they walked for a while. | bought too many things for the children, especially Archie and Bennie. Ugh, it’s quite difficult to walk with these two Lego spaceships | bought for the boys. It takes up so much space!
Her speed gradually decreased as she searched for something to put the bags on to rest her hands. “Wait for me here. I'll take these to the car before driving here to pick you up,” Lucian said.
Before she could reply, he quickened his steps and went to the parking lot with hands full of bags. 
###Chapter 1400
Chapter 1400
Roxanne was getting too drained to move. However, she didn’t want to wait at her spot because her current location was still quite far away from the parking lot, and waiting for Lucian’s was equally tiring.
Hence, she continued to advance slowly with the bags in her hands.
However, it had been a long while since she was in Jadeborough, and there had been many significant changes in the city, especially in the commercial district. The many intersections were also challenging to identify.
After she passed through an intersection, she couldn’t recall where the parking lot was.
She hesitated briefly before sitting on a bench at the side of the road and putting the bags down. It’s hard to say if I'll find the parking lot if | keep going. Even worse, Lucian may not be able to locate me...
After a while, she received a call from Lucian.
Promptly, Roxanne picked up the phone.
“Where are you?” He sounded tense.
She guiltily surveyed her surrounding and answered, “In front of a Starbucks.”
Then, fearing he couldn't find her, she added, “I only passed by an intersection. It should be easy for you to find me. “
“Got it. Stay where you are. I'll be right there.” Lucian furrowed his eyebrows resignedly. | asked her to stay because | was worried she'd grow tired and lose her way. It’s very easy for someone unfamiliar with the intersections in the commercial district to get lost. | didn’t expect she would disobey me. Thank goodness | know where the Starbucks is.
Soon, he spotted Roxanne sitting on a bench, looking like a child who felt guilty for losing the way after running around.
The guilty expression on her countenance intensified when she saw him. Upon rubbing her nose, she stood and picked up the bags.
“Didn't | ask you to stay there?” Lucian promptly lent a helping hand.
Roxanne reflexively defended herself, “I thought | could walk further, but...”
As she spoke, she saw him grabbing half of the bags on the ground.
Lucian stopped when one of his hands was full and watched Roxanne take the rest with one hand as well. Just as she straightened her back and wanted to apologize, her free hand was seized by him.
Then, he uttered calmly, “I'll walk slowly. Follow me closely.”
He’s treoting me like I’m 0 child... She blushed os she hummed 0 reply in ocknowledgment ond followed him.
After possing through the intersection, she reolized she wosn’t too for off from her destinotion. It wos just thot she went the opposite woy when possing by o crossroods.
Upon reolizing her foolish mistoke, she felt very frustroted ond regretful.
Lucion led her to the underground porking lot before letting go of her hond. Then he ploced the bogs orderly in the trunk.
By the time Roxonne returned to her senses, the trunk wos olreody full, so she hod to put her bogs into the bockseot.
She felt exosperoted ogoin upon seeing the pocked trunk. | wos so focused on buying gifts for the children thot | didn’t notice | went overboord.
After she deposited her bogs in the bockseot, she opened the door to the possenger seot ond sow o delicote white box on it.
She poused momentorily before storing ot Lucion ond spotting on onticipotory look in his eyes. “It’s 0 gift for you. See if you like it.”
He’s treating me like I’m a child... She blushed as she hummed a reply in acknowledgment and followed him.
After passing through the intersection, she realized she wasn’t too far off from her destination. It was just that she went the opposite way when passing by a crossroads.
Upon realizing her foolish mistake, she felt very frustrated and regretful. Lucian led her to the underground parking lot before letting go of her hand. Then he placed the bags orderly in the trunk. By the time Roxanne returned to her senses, the trunk was already full, so she had to put her bags into the backseat.
She felt exasperated again upon seeing the packed trunk. | was so focused on buying gifts for the children that | didn’t notice | went overboard.
After she deposited her bags in the backseat, she opened the door to the passenger seat and saw a delicate white box on it.
She paused momentarily before staring at Lucian and spotting an anticipatory look in his eyes. “It’s a gift for you. See if you like it.” 
###Chapter 1401
Chapter 1401
“When did you buy it?” questioned Roxanne with a slightly tense tone and trembling eyelashes. We didn’t leave each other when we were in the mall, and | didn’t see him buy a gift.
Lucian knitted his eyebrow and answered in a resigned tone, “When | brought my bags here earlier. | didn’t expect you to get lost when | was delayed for a few minutes.”
His lips curled into a wry smile when he recalled the rare dazed look on her face from earlier.
When he brought that up, she blushed and reflexively avoided his stare, inadvertently shifting her line of sight to the box on the seat.
Lucian coaxed, “Get in the car. It’s getting late. If we don’t set off now, it’ll be night by the time we return home.”
Nodding hesitantly, Roxanne stepped into the seat.
He entered the driver's seat and drove off.
Meanwhile, she put the white box on her knees instead of opening them.
He didn’t urge her either.
After they left the parking lot, he asked, “Do you want to visit the nursing home first, or should we head straight back home?” | know she’s worried about the residents there, and we'll be heading in its direction anyway.
His question came as a surprise for Roxanne. She pondered for a moment and answered, “The nursing home first.”
“Okay.” Lucian then drove toward the destination.
Seeing how familiar he was with the path to the nursing home, she wondered, | don’t remember telling him the address, yet he seems to know where to go... No, | shouldn’t overthink it.
After the car was parked in front of the nursing home, Roxanne stepped into the building. She saw the doctors were still busying about, but she could tell from their expressions that the rest of the residents were in good condition.
Still, she approached a few doctors and asked them about the situation. It wasn’t until she had confirmation the residents were doing fine that she relaxed.
Before she left, she came across a few of the residents she examined yesterday.
They were worried when they saw Jack wasn’t with her. “Why didn’t you visit with Dr. Damaris today, Dr. Jarvis? Did you two have a fight?”
Roxanne was bidding the other residents goodbye with a smile when she heard that. Her grin froze before she turned around and explained resignedly to the old woman speaking to her. “You have misunderstood our relationship, granny. Dr. Damaris and | are just colleagues...”
Just as she ended her sentence, she felt the person behind her stepping closer to her.
She didn’t mind since it wasn’t the first time they stood so intimately with each other.
Moments later, she saw the realization in the residents’ eyes.
“Ah, it does seem like we’ve misunderstood your relationship with Dr. Damaris, Dr. Jarvis. This is your boyfriend, right?” The old woman swiftly corrected herself and inspected Lucian briefly. “Hmm, he’s tall and handsome. I think he’s a good fit for you, Dr. Jarvis.”
Roxanne opened her mouth, intending to offer some clarification.
However, when she thought about the things that happened between her and Lucian, she didn’t have it in her to deny that statement.
The edges of Lucian’s mouth curved upward. He behaved gentlemanly with no intention of denying it, too. The old woman stared at Roxanne caringly. “Is he a doctor too?” “He’s not,” Roxanne replied rigidly.
In response, the old woman shook her head and remarked sincerely, “Then he’s a little lacking compared to Dr. Damaris. | don’t think you two have much to talk about since you two are not in the same profession...”
###Chapter 1402
Chapter 1402
Roxanne could feel the temperature around Lucian dropping rapidly, so she interrupted the old lady. “I’m just here to check up on you all’s condition. Since all of you are doing fine, I'll be going home now. I'll visit if | have the time in the future.”
The residents knew her home was in Horington after chatting with her yesterday. Thus, they urged the couple to leave right away to avoid driving at night.
Roxanne didn’t feel relieved even after leaving the nursing home because Lucian was still visibly bothered by the old lady’s words.
Resignedly, she comforted, “Uhm... Don’t take that granny’s words to heart, Lucian. There really isn’t anything between Mr. Damaris and me.”
He glanced at her. “Do you converse with him often?”
“It's just medical stuff. That's all,” clarified Roxanne seriously. | only got to know Jack because we're in the same field. Aside from matters related to medicine, there isn’t anything else for us to talk about, so there’s no way I’ll have feelings for him.
When Lucian heard that, his expression returned to normal.
When the two of them returned to the car, she still placed the box on her thighs instead of opening it.
“What aren’t you opening it? Do you not like it?” He started the engine and glanced at her through the rearview mirror. Shaking her head, she replied, “No, | just want to open it after we return.”
She was too embarrassed to open his gift in front of him, especially when she didn’t know what he had bought. Disappointment flashed past his eyes when he heard that, though he didn’t force her.
By the time they arrive in Horington, the sky had turned dark.
Lucian sent Roxanne straight back to the mansion.
The children were playing around with Linda in the living room.
Upon hearing the sound of a car, they scampered to the entrance.
“Mommy! Daddy!” Estella immediately clung to Roxanne’s leg and looked at her.
Grinning, Roxanne patted the girl’s head. “Did you miss me?”
Estella nodded and replied cutely, “I missed you a lot! Aunt Linda told us she was going to video call you just earlier.”
The boys stood behind their sister obediently while gazing at their parents.
Since their sister was hogging their mother, they could only approach their father. However, they still weren’t too used to doing that kind of stuff, so they carefully stared at him instead. Lucian grinned and strolled toward the boys as though he could read their minds.
“Your mommy bought a lot of gifts for you two. Come and help me unload them from the car.” He patted them before turning to the trunk and opening it.
The boys were already happy their father patted them, so when they saw a trunk full of gifts before them, they were downright ecstatic. Obediently, they went to him and lent him a hand.
Lucian carried the bags out of the trunk while they transported them into the mansion like they were porters.
When Roxanne witnessed that scene and saw how enthusiastic the boys were, she was amused. 
###Chapter 1403
Chapter 1403
While the boys were enjoying themselves, they were moving pretty slowly.
Thus, after Roxanne watched them for a while, she also helped out.
Soon, everything in the vehicle was carried into the mansion.
Meanwhile, Estella climbed into the car to assist the boys. When she left, she spotted the white box on the passenger seat. Intrigued, she brought the box out of the car and asked, “What’s this, Mommy?”
Everyone turned to the girl when they heard that.
Upon eyeing the box, Roxanne subconsciously glanced at Lucian.
He just stood at the side nonchalantly as though that box had nothing to do with him.
Since the adults didn’t tell Estella she couldn't touch it, and she didn’t receive a reply from Roxanne, she opened it out of curiosity.
It was then Roxanne saw what was inside in the box.
“It's so pretty!” Estella stood on her toes and lifted her hand to let her mother see the taken from the box. “Is this Daddy’s gift for you, Mommy?”
In response, Roxanne lowered her eyes and saw a platinum necklace embedded with a glittering diamond in the girl’s palm. It looked simple yet exquisite.
The boys sauntered closer to their mother with intrigue when they heard what their sister said.
Upon seeing it was a necklace, the boys exchanged glances and encouraged, “You should help Mommy put it on, Mr. Farwell! | bet Mommy will look good with it!”
Roxanne took a step back reflexively and turned to Lucian with a troubled look. I’m already embarrassed that Essie opened the gift in front of him, yet now the children are urging him to put it on for me...
“Daddy!” After trotting to her father’s side, Estella lifted the necklace and stared at him with anticipation.
Lucian lowered his head, patted the girl, grabbed the necklace, and approached Roxanne.
Even though Roxanne wanted to step away, she didn’t feel like it would be a good idea to do so in front of the children.
Thus, she could only watch him arrive in front of her.
The children surrounded their parents and peered at them with excitement.
Lucian grinned. “Since they're eager to watch me put this on you, let's just get it over with, all right?”
Why is he saying it like he’s forcing himself to do it? Resignedly, she shifted her sight toward the children and met their bright eyes.
Of course, she knew they wouldn't stop egging her about it if she didn’t play along. Therefore, she lowered her head, revealing her fair, slender neck.
As Lucian took one step closer to her, his leather shoes entered her field of view. Then his refreshing yet mature scent rushed into her nose.
Roxanne panicked when she felt an occasional, tingly sensation on her neck. It was caused by his sleeve brushing on her neck. Moments later, he stepped back while she felt the cold necklace around her neck.
She sighed inwardly, adjusted her expression, and slowly lifted her head.
Unbeknownst to her, the children saw her expression when she bent her head down.
Just as Roxanne raised her head, she heard Benny asking, “Were you blushing earlier, Mommy?” 
###Chapter 1404
Chapter 1404
Upon hearing Benny’s words, Roxanne felt embarrassed again after having just regained her composure.
Echoing through her ear, Lucian’s deep voice carried a hint of amusement. “Take a look. Do you like it? | wasn’t really sure what to buy and the sales attendant recommended me another design. However, | think this one suits you better.”
Roxanne seized upon the opportunity to avert her gaze from his. Turning around, she checked the rearview mirror to see how she looked.
She was greeted by the sight of a platinum necklace circling her neck. Hanging between her collarbones was a minimalistic round pendant that was covered with crushed diamonds. Sitting right in the center, it made her look as if her collarbones were sparkling. It was a sight that bedazzled her.
Lucian, who had somehow walked up behind her, asked anxiously, “Do you like it?” Upon regaining her senses, Roxanne turned around and smile. “It’s beautiful. | love it, Mr. Far—"
She almost addressed him as Mr. Farwell out of habit, but the thought of their currently ambiguous relationship made her change her mind. “Thank you. | appreciate it very much.”
As what she almost called him by didn’t escape his notice, Lucian’s gaze darkened although he refrained from commenting. Meanwhile, the children surrounded Roxanne and gasped in awe.
“Mommy, you’re gorgeous!”
“The necklace really suits you. In fact, it looks even more beautiful on you!”
“Mr. Farwell has a sharp eye indeed!”
The praise they showered on her caused Roxanne to blush. Trying hard to hide her emotions, she looked down at the children and smiled. “You haven't opened the presents | bought you, have you? Let’s go inside and do it.”
Elated by the mention of presents, the children followed Roxanne into the mansion.
After the children settled down on the sofa to open their presents, jubilant cheers echoed in the living room from time to time. When she saw how happy the children looked, Roxanne beamed with satisfaction.
At that moment, a warm and familial atmosphere filled the living room.
Standing by the side and watching Roxanne interacting happily with the children while wearing the necklace he gave her, Lucian couldn’t help but imagine it to be a proposal ring that Roxanne was wearing on her finger.
| wonder how long does Roxanne want me to wait...
Just as he was lost in his thoughts, the children’s voices suddenly rang out beside his ear. “Daddy, look! I’m wearing the same outfit as Archie and Benny!”
Estella’s voice brimmed with excitement.
When Lucian looked down, he noticed all three of them were wearing the T-shirts and shorts Roxanne bought them.
She had chosen vibrant colors on purpose so that both boys and girls would look equally good in them. Dressed in the same outfits, the children looked up at Lucian.
In that instant, he suddenly felt as if all three of them resembled each other.
Nonetheless, the feeling quickly dissipated when they turned their attention away.
“Daddy, help us take a picture!”
Only Estella maintained her gaze as she tugged at his sleeve. “I want to take a picture!”
When Lucian raised Estella, he seldom took pictures of her. Hence, the only pictures at home were mostly taken by Sonya when she visited.
However, ever since Estella began to spend time with Roxanne, the latter’s habit of taking pictures rubbed off on her. Thus, she would often wish to have her picture taken for the sake of memory.
Since it was a simple task, Lucian had no reason to refuse. Whipping out his phone, he did his duty as the cameraman. 
###Chapter 1405
Chapter 1405
Before they knew it, darkness took over the sky.
After acting as a driver and mover for the day and giving Roxanne a gift, Lucian naturally stayed back for dinner. Once they had their fill, he played with the children for a while before taking his leave.
“It's getting late, so I'll be going home now. Essie—”
Before he could even finish, Essie declined, “I want to stay with Mommy!”
Lucian threw her a glance before continuing, “I'll leave Essie with you for the next two days. Tell me if you can’t manage, and I'll come and pick the children up.”
Archie and Benny’s eyes lit up when they heard Lucian’s words.
Given how smart they were, they caught the most important part of his sentence—he considered them his children.
Even though they couldn’t address him as “Daddy” yet, he had already seen them as his own.
Both of them were ecstatic when the fact dawned upon them.
As for Estella, she was filled with delight upon receiving permission to stay with her mother.
Stroking Estella’s face gently, Roxanne agreed with a smile. “She'll be in good hands.”
Lucian flashed a smile. “I know.”
Even if Roxanne didn’t do anything in particular, Estella would be happy just staying by her side.
With that, Lucian drove back to the manor after leaving Roxanne’s home.
The moment he stepped in, he was greeted by the glum-looking Sonya sitting on the couch.
“What are you doing here?”
With an equally solemn expression, Lucian took a seat in the armchair beside his mother.
Sonya’s brows knitted at her son’s question. “Why can’t | drop by? What’s wrong with me wanting to visit my granddaughter?” Lucian gave her the side-eye while maintaining his frosty expression. “Essie’s not here. She’s with her mom.”
His voice made it sound like he and Roxanne were a married couple who happened to be separated by distance.
The frown on Sonya’s face deepened.
“| was the one who painstakingly raised Essie, while that woman abandoned her after giving birth. She should be thanking me for
allowing Essie to acknowledge her instead. Don’t you think it’s unfair to me to let Essie stay with her and allow her to enjoy the fruits of my labor?”
From Sonya’s perspective, Roxanne had no hand in bringing Estella up into a healthy and obedient girl. That woman wasn’t around when Essie needed her the most, so why is she acting all noble now?
Lucian furrowed his brows. “Roxanne is Essie’s birth mother. Besides, what happened back then was a misunderstanding. I’m sure you heard of it too. Roxanne had thought that Essie was dead.”
Sonya snorted in response. “Nobody knows if she’s telling the truth. Back then, she left without saying a word. | wouldn’t be surprised if she does anything terrible now.”
Upon hearing his mother’s words, there was a hint of disbelief as Lucian stared at her. Sonya changed her tact reluctantly, cognizant that she had upset her son.
“| was the one who raised Essie, so how can | not miss my granddaughter? By leaving her with Roxanne, what am | to do when | miss her?”
Lucian replied in annoyance, “After spending so much time with Essie throughout the years, what's the big deal about not seeing her for a few days? Now that her condition has improved, she needs Roxanne by her side. Also, you not seeing her will allow her emotions to stabilize.” 
###Chapter 1406
Chapter 1406
“What are you trying to say?” Sonya was outraged by her son’s ridicule.
“Roxanne might be Essie’s birth mother, but I’m her biological grandmother too! How will my visit agitate her? Yes, | realize that | used the wrong method in educating Essie previously, but | have apologized for it and promised not to behave that way again!”
Lucian pinched his forehead as his frustration with his mother began to grow. “I’m glad you know that you're responsible for what has become of your relationship with Essie.”
Even though Lucian didn’t know what his mother did for Estella to resent her so much, he had learned his lesson from what happened with Aubree.
In fact, details weren’t important. What truly mattered was Estella’s will. Thus, Lucian would keep those Estella resented away from her until she was willing to forgive them. With nothing to counter Lucian with, Sonya felt her exasperation grow. “No matter what, I’ll never hurt Essie!”
Lucian agreed with a nod. “I know, but you're still not patient enough. Besides, if you’re really concerned about her, you should understand what her true needs are.”
Sonya obviously knew what they were.
That little girl can’t help but stick to Roxanne like glue now.
That was the exact reason she was upset.
When something suddenly occurred to her, she suppressed the anger in her heart. “Since you don’t want me to interfere with Essie’s life, let’s talk about the Pearson family.” Lucian’s face turned grim at the mention of the Pearson family. “What about them?”
Wearing an awkward expression, Sonya spoke in a dissatisfied tone. “Aren’t you being too harsh on the Pearson family? Both our families go back a long way, while Old Mr. Pearson is still your benefactor in the end. Is it really necessary to drive them into a corner when teaching them a lesson is enough?”
Lucian replied firmly, “They brought this upon themselves.”
Sonya frowned. “It’s true that they have made a mistake, but by being so ruthless against them, it sends out the wrong signal to the other families. Who will dare work with us after this? Now that you have canceled the engagement with Aubree, she won't be able to harm Essie anymore. That alone should be enough!”
At the back of her mind, Sonya was still planning to turn Aubree into an obedient puppet of hers.
Aubree aside, no other family will dare allow their daughter to marry into our family once they see how vindictive our family can be.
The more Sonya thought about it, the more worried she became. Hence, the main purpose of her visit was to discuss the issue with Lucian.
However, Lucian’s expression drastically changed when his mother pleaded for mercy on behalf of the Pearson family. “Before they harmed Essie, they should have considered the consequences of crossing me. Besides, | don’t think the lesson | have thought them comes close to being enough.”
Even Sonya couldn't help but shudder in the face of Lucian’s rage.
Despite that, she was adamant in her persuasion. “Don’t forget that Aubree had waited for you many years and her feelings for you are true. She just chose the wrong way—”
Before she could finish, Lucian cut her off. “Don’t ever mention that wicked woman in front of me. If this is all you want to talk about today, you can leave now. I’m tired and need to rest.”
With that, Lucian headed upstairs without giving Sonya the opportunity to respond.
His reaction rendered Sonya speechless. 
###Chapter 1407
Chapter 1407
That night, Jonathan could barely sleep after receiving a message from Lucian. At daybreak the next morning, Jonathan strode into the Farwell residence.
“Mr. Queen,” Catalina greeted him upon his arrival.
Jonathan nodded in acknowledgment. “Where’s Lucian?”
“He went up to his study after breakfast.”
Jonathan then ended his conversation with Catalina and headed up.
There was no way he could rest until he clarified with Lucian what the message from the night before meant. Just as he was about to knock, the door opened from the inside.
“What are you doing here?”
Lucian gave his guest a placid look before inviting him into the study.
Jonathan almost choked on himself.
Why is he even asking me that? | obviously want to know what he is trying to convey with the message last night. It’s one thing for me to do his bidding all the time, but what’s with throwing a hot potato in my direction out of nowhere? Because of him, | hardly slept a wink!
“Lucian, aren’t you being unreasonable?”
The exasperated Jonathan took his seat opposite Lucian. “Why did you have to drag me into this mess with the Pearson family? Although everyone is kicking them while they're down, wouldn't it be inappropriate for the Queen family to join in?”
Before Lucian’s engagement with Aubree was canceled, the Farwell, Pearson, and Queen families enjoyed a close relationship. Now that the two families had fallen out, it wouldn't look good on the Queen family if they were to take over Pearson Group. Jonathan had to take the interest of the Queen family into account although he disagreed with Aubree’s actions.
Cocking his brow, Lucian couldn’t believe his ears. “What's wrong? You're not the one engaged to her. Don’t tell me that you secretly harbor feelings for her?”
Jonathan was triggered by his friend’s words. “Me? Interest in her? Oh, please!” The last thing | want is to be anywhere near her.
Lucian frowned in response. “So, what’s the problem? The Queen family has always been close to the Farwell family. Now that we have cast aside the Pearson family, you'll have to make your stand public sooner or later.”
Seeing the truth in Lucian’s words, Jonathan wrinkled his brows without retorting.
Lucian added, “Furthermore, Queen Group and Pearson Group are both involved in the medical industry. It's only natural the former takes over the latter. It’s also a brilliant opportunity for Queen Group to expand.”
Jonathan couldn’t deny that every word of Lucian’s struck a chord with him.
The wavering look in his eyes grew increasingly obvious.
Weighing the consequences was the main reason he was unable to sleep.
Even though taking over the Pearson family business was detrimental to Queen Group’s reputation, it was nothing compared to the company’s expansion that resulted.
Furthermore, it was as Lucian had said, the relationship between the Queen family and the Pearson family was established on the account of the Farwell family.
Now that the Farwells and Pearsons had fallen out, there was no reason for the Queen family to maintain that relationship. Holding that thought, Jonathan made his decision. “I understand. Leave it to me.” Now that he thought about it, he realized there was no reason for his earlier hesitancy.
Lucian broke into a smile when he saw that Jonathan was convinced. “I have not forgotten all the help you have extended to me recently. The assets of the Pearson family will be my way of thanking you.” 
###Chapter 1408
Chapter 1408
At Lucian’s remark, Jonathan inwardly rolled his eyes. “I was the one who expended the effort to obtain them!”
That being said, the Pearson family doesn’t have the capability to fight me, considering their current state. Basically, they’re free resources!
Lucian merely regarded the man with an inscrutable look in his eyes.
Intimidated by his stare, Jonathan changed the subject and inquired about his relationship withRoxanne at present. “How are things going with Roxanne? Don’t tell me there’s no progress even after you went on a trip with her?”
I'd been racking my brain to give him ideas for a long time. If there’s really no progress, | truly feel sorry for Roxanne!
Speaking of the events that transpired in Jadeborough, Lucian inexorably recalled that passionate night there. His gaze darkened a shade.
Jonathan noticed the change in the man’s expression. Alas, he couldn’t tell what it meant and could only eye Lucian in puzzlement.
“Just answer the question. Don’t grin so devilishly when I’m not Roxanne!”
No sooner had those words rang out than Lucian corralled his thoughts. His expression turned indifferent once more. “It’s going pretty well, thanks to your idea.”
That was considered his reply to the question earlier.
However, Jonathan remained unsatisfied and wanted to know the details. “What does that mean? What stage exactly have things progressed to?”
Based on his understanding of Lucian, merely holding hands would already be considered “pretty well” since the latter’s relationship with Roxanne was exceedingly tense previously.
Regretfully, Lucian merely smiled without saying anything.
Jonathan scrutinized him for a long moment while speculating soundlessly. Hmm, they must have made rapid progress. Otherwise, he wouldn't be wearing such an expression.
Following that realization, gratification flooded him.
Yay! My backbreaking effort in giving him countless ideas hadn't gone to waste!
As Lucian seeming had no plans of revealing anything further, he tacitly stopped harping on that line of question. Subsequently, the two of them briefly discussed the Pearson family’s resources.
Although Jonathan had already decided to acquire those assets, he still had to be mindful of his boundaries. When the discussion ended, Jonathan got up and left, heading directly to Queen Group.
That very afternoon, Pearson Group, which was already in a precarious state, suddenly took a turn for the worse. Despite having sold off most of the shares in his hands, Samuel still had to clean up his own mess.
As Pearson Group’s share prices plummeted sharply, all shareholders started complaining incessantly. For that reason, Pearson Group had no choice but to lower the share prices repeatedly.
Unexpectedly, a few branch offices were requested to be delisted and liquidated due to the overly low share prices. Consequently, Pearson Group was left with no other recourse but to sacrifice those few branch offices.
The other members of the Pearson family, whose interests were linked to those companies, were already resentful because of the trouble caused by Samuel and his family. In the face of their companies facing the threat of bankruptcy, they just about camped at the man’s house, demanding an explanation from him.
Hence, Samuel was swamped.
Even Aubree was forced to cooperate with her father to resolve the mess together despite her dissatisfaction with the current situation.
Unfortunately, nothing quite worked even after they had bustled around for a long time.
It was as though someone was pushing things along behind the scenes, for the speed at which Pearson Group was deteriorating was unbelievably fast.
In just a few days, almost all of the Pearson family’s companies had been shut down. The handful that remained were also struggling badly while surviving on bank loans.
Alas, the person manipulating things secretly didn’t even leave them that much hope.
Instead, he seemed determined on destroying the Pearson family entirely. Even the bank was no longer willing to give them any loans. Worse still, they were requested to repay their loans in the past.
However, the Pearson family was in no state to repay their loans right then. The only recourse would be to declare bankruptcy. At that point, Aubree felt as though her entire world had collapsed.
After all, she had been living a pampered life since young and had never experienced such hardship. 
###Chapter 1409
Chapter 1409
Aubree’s desperation was shared by Samuel, who had been bustling around for several days.
Sonya’s promise gave him hope, and he thought she would really succeed in convincing Lucian to spare the Pearson family this once.
Little did he expect that not only did Farwell Group’s oppression of the Pearson Group persist, but it even intensified. In fact, it was so bad that the Pearson family was on the verge of bankruptcy.
His hard work in the past few days ended up in vain, resulting in his relatives knocking on his door and questioning him about it one after another.
In just a few days, most of his hair had turned gray.
At that very moment, Samuel was sitting at the desk in the study with a grim expression on his face. In front of him were a few staff members from the bank.
At the same time, a handful of asset transfer agreements were clearly laid out on the desk. After the bank’s staff member had reviewed one of the documents, he slid it over to Samuel. “Please sign here, Mr. Pearson.”
Jolted out of his thoughts, Samuel swept his gaze over the asset he had acquired through blood, sweat, and tears. Such distress inundated him that his hands trembled, and his signature became shaky.
It went without saying that the bank's staff member showed no concern for his feelings. Seeing that the man had already signed the document, he started reviewing the next asset transfer agreement without hesitation.
At the side, Gina stood before the desk, her face as pale as a sheet. She initially wanted to comfort Samuel, but his dark expression had her ultimately swallow the words on the tip of her tongue. She didn’t even dare breathe, going out and pouring him a glass of water.
Samuel was suppressing his wrath in the first place, so the sight of a glass of water appearing in his line of vision out of the blue promptly sparked his fury. Slamming his hand on the desk, he shot to his feet.
“I'm not in the mood to drink water! I’ve got nothing left, and | can’t even catch my breath!”
As though to verify his claim, the voice of the bank’s staff member drifted into the air on the heels of that. “Mr. Pearson, this house no longer belongs to you. The bank will be seizing this mansion tomorrow morning. Please move out on time so as not to affect our work.”
Samuel was so livid that he trembled all over. “Scram! Get out of here!”
The bank's staff member knew that the Pearson family had already fallen and the man in front of him was nothing more than a paper tiger. Thus, he paid no mind to Samuels fit of rage. “We have already contacted a moving company for you. Please move out as soon as possible. If you do not cooperate, we will be taking forceful measures.”
The instant Samuel heard that, his face flushed bright red with fury.
The Pearson family has already fallen far from grace. If the bank were to employ forceful measures on top of that, I’d lose my dignity as well!
He inhaled deeply several times. Ultimately, he said nothing further, merely watching the bank’s staff leave with a grave expression on his face.
“Are we really moving out, Samuel?”
When Gina and Samuel were the only ones left in the study, Gina gaped at the man incredulously.
Ever since she married into the Pearson family, they had been living there. She was already accustomed to the place, so she truly couldn’t accept abruptly moving out and to an inferior environment at that.
Without warning, Samuel pounded his hand on the desk and snapped, “Why are you asking me that? You should go and ask your precious daughter! If it weren’t for her, we would never have ended up in such straits!”
At his sudden outburst, Gina jumped in fright. She parted her lips slightly, but she dared not ask anything else.
After venting his anger, Samuel plopped down dejectedly, thinking he would likely have to spend the rest of his life in poverty. The more he dwelled upon it, the more furious he grew.
“Samuel!”
Gina was racking her brain for a way out of the predicament when she saw Samuel abruptly leaping to his feet after bringing his hand down on the desk, then striding toward the study door.
Upon seeing that, she hastily followed, afraid that he would do something impulsive again as before. 
###Chapter 1410
Chapter 1410
Meanwhile, Aubree was sitting in her bedroom with a gloomy expression on her face. The Queen family! It turned out to be the Queen family!
While busy handling the mess in the past few days, she didn’t forget to investigate the culprit sabotaging things behind the scenes.
Initially, she thought that it would be some other family who seized that opportunity to hit them while they were down. Never had she imagined that it would be Jonathan.
She could surmise without even having to ponder upon the matter that it was definitely Lucian who instructed him to do so. If he hadn’t received an order from the latter, he wouldn’t have had the guts to make a move rashly.
Ah, Lucian! | never expected him to be so ruthless to me that he’s determined to push me to a dead end!
As she was fuming, her room door was suddenly pushed open.
Snapping back to her senses, Aubree snapped her eyes up and swung her gaze in the direction of the door.
Just when she had made out the person who barged in, a slap from Samuel sent her tumbling back onto the bed. “Samuel!”
Gina had also been exhausted in the past few days because of the Pearson family’s downfall. Coupled with the blow she suffered earlier upon learning that they would have to move out before tomorrow, she was pitifully weak in the legs.
By the time she finally arrived at Aubree’s room, she was greeted by the sight of Samuel slapping their daughter.
Although Aubree had done something wrong, she was still Gina’s flesh and blood. It was as though that slap from Samuel struck her squarely, for her heart abruptly clenched. In a flash, strength infused her legs, and she sprinted over to shield her daughter.
“Get out of my way! I’m going to teach this imbecile a lesson today!” Samuel snarled coldly.
“Calm down. Things are already set in stone anyway. Besides, Aubree hasn't had it easy either these few days. She’s already trying her best to make amends for her mistakes.” Gina sounded mournful.
When Samuel saw that she was still defending Aubree, his temper spiked further. He was so enraged that his temples throbbed violently. “Buzz off! Otherwise, I’m going to hit you as welll”
After bellowing that, he chastised furiously, “This is all on you for spoiling her! If you hadn’t encouraged her, she wouldn’t have ended up with such attitude today!”
Gina was both panicked and fearful, her lips quivering uncontrollably. “Step aside, Mom,” Aubree urged softly, gathering her wits about her at long last.
Then, she stepped out from behind her mother. Holding her head up high, she regarded her father with obstinacy etched across her features. “I did nothing wrong!”
Samuel lifted his hand and slapped her again. “Even now, you're still unrepentant? Are you only going to admit to your mistake after | personally send you to prison?”
Aubree cradled her cheek, madness brewing in her eyes. | did nothing wrong! If | really did something wrong, that was merely loving Lucian too deeply at that time. He has absolutely no regard for me! | hate him!
Noticing that both women were utterly unremorseful, Samuel was so incensed that he almost burst a blood vessel. He calmed himself for some time before he finally managed to suppress his wrath forcibly. “Get up and pack your things!”
When Aubree heard that, she lifted her eyes and looked at her father in puzzlement.
In turn, Samuel glared at her sharply. “The Pearson family has gone bankrupt! On top of that, this house is no longer ours! It'll be seized tomorrow, and we’ve got to get out of here quickly!”
Bankrupt?
Despite knowing ages ago that they would have to face that fact sooner or later, Aubree still found it hard to believe upon hearing it from her father with her own ears.
How could that be? How could it come to pass so quickly? Worse still, we don’t even have a house in the end! I’ve got nothing left!
“From now on, you'd better behave! If you were to create trouble again, we might not even be able to come out of it alive!”
Worried that he would really go off the deep end and pummel the two women to death if he continued to stay in the room, Samuel spun on his heel and left after saying that. 
###Chapter 1411
Chapter 1411
For the first time in her life, panic swamped Aubree. She turned to her mother for confirmation. “Was Dad telling me the truth earlier, Mom? We're really moving out?”
Gina was likewise exceedingly reluctant to move out. Unfortunately, she had no other choice but to face reality. She nodded with a grim expression on her face. “Yeah. Very soon, we won't be able to live here anymore.”
After saying that, she urged earnestly, “Listen to your father, Aubree. Don’t do anything foolish again. Now that the Pearson family has ended up in such straits, we wouldn't be able to help you even if we wanted to do so if something were to happen to you!”
In the past, others might give the Pearson family some respect because of the Farwell family.
At present, however, things had soured between the Farwell and Pearson families. In fact, the Farwell family went just short of announcing that they were the ones who brought the Pearson family down.
Therefore, no one would care about the Pearson family anymore, let alone when the Pearson family had no money then.
Aubree stared at Gina blankly for a few seconds before lifting her eyes and sweeping a gaze over the room that had belonged to her since childhood. In a heartbeat, tears streamed down her face.
“What gives? Why is it that we’re even losing our house, yet that b*tch still gets to live in the lap of luxury?” Hearing her daughter’s grievance, Gina panicked. “Calm down, Aubree!”
Regretfully, her words fell on deaf ears. Aubree got to her feet and pushed her mother out of the room. Subsequently, the door was slammed shut in Gina’s face with a bang.
No matter how much Gina pounded on the tightly-closed room door, she received no response from inside. Thus, she could only wait anxiously outside.
Lifting a hand, Aubree wiped her tears dry. She then took out her phone and called Frieda. At the Queen residence, Frieda was aware of her brother’s actions in the past few days. For that reason, she had been worrying herself sick recently.
She was afraid that with her brother targeting Aubree and bringing about the Pearson family’s downfall, Aubree wouldn't sit back and do nothing.
To make matters even worse, the latter would likely take it out on her. Alas, it was precisely the matter she dreaded most that came to pass. Just as Frieda was fretting that Aubree might seek her out, she received a phone call from the latter. Glancing at the caller ID, she was beyond reluctant to answer the call. But in the end, she still took it.
Aubree had lost her mind then. As such, Frieda couldn’t guarantee that she wouldn’t accidentally trigger Aubree, resulting in the woman telling Lucian about her being Aubree’s accomplice.
Verily, she didn’t dare risk it.
“Aubree...” she answered the call carefully, sounding a touch servile.
On the other end of the phone, Aubree’s voice was slightly hoarse, but the fury within it was still distinctly audible. “Come over to the Pearson residence right this instant!”
At that demand, guilt showed on Frieda’s face, and her voice turned conflicted. “Um... my brother is watching me like a hawk, forbidding me from going out. Let’s just talk on the phone if there’s anything!”
Naturally, Aubree was no fool and knew that the woman had been avoiding her these days. However, Frieda was the only resource available to her right then.
“You can’t go out, but | can! Aren’t you afraid that I'll seek Lucian out and tell him about everything you did? The Queen family is making money hand over fist now and is even on closer terms with Farwell Group than before. But if Lucian were to learn that you were my accomplice, say, would he still give a fig about past affections? And would the Queen family become the next Pearson family?”
Aubree’s voice was laced with threat.
At once, Frieda’s heart lurched. She didn’t dare give any more excuses. “I'll think of a way to evade my brother's notice as much as possible. Stay calm, Aubree. I'll be there right away!”
Still, Aubree wasn’t satisfied. “If you don’t arrive within half an hour, look for me at Farwell Group instead!”
Having said that, she hung up directly. 
###Chapter 1412
Chapter 1412
Frieda was ridden with regret as she stared at the phone screen.
If | knew Aubree would end up like this, | would have never listened to her!
Despite her regret, it was too late.
Frieda stood up slowly while holding her phone. Before leaving, she retrieved a bank card from the drawer out of caution. “Where are you going?”
As soon as she left the bedroom, she immediately saw her brother, who had come out of the study.
Jonathan’s scrutinizing gaze was filled with suspicion.
Frieda plastered on a smile. “It’s nothing. | have stayed at home for too long, so | decided to go out.”
Jonathan didn’t give her the opportunity to lie, instead asking directly, “Are you going to meet Aubree?”
Frieda’s expression changed drastically as she didn’t expect her brother to see through her so quickly.
“You're not allowed to go! You're staying at home instead!”
Not only was Jonathan aware of Lucian’s prejudice against Aubree, but he also knew about Frieda’s relationship with Aubree.
As a result, he had to make sure Frieda had nothing to do with Aubree right now, or the Queen family would be implicated if Lucian were enraged.
Guilt filled Frieda’s heart, but she pretended to be calm and appeal to his emotions. “Jonathan, Aubree has been my friend for so long. | can’t just leave her when her family is at their lowest. We, girls, aren’t like you guys. We can’t just cut off ties with our friends immediately even if our families have conflicts with each other—"
Before she could finish her words, Jonathan interrupted her, somewhat upset, “What’s your relationship with her? You should stay away from this kind of woman!”
Frieda bit her lips and looked at Jonathan pitifully. “I’m just going to take a look! It’s not like | can do anything to alleviate the Pearson family’s situation even if | want to.”
It was the truth. Even if Lucian personally helped the Pearson family, he would need to inject tons of money in to see any signs of improvement. Other than this, it was impossible for the family to recover from this situation.
Frieda glanced at her watch. It was getting closer to the time Aubree had arranged for them to meet. She attempted to persuade Jonathan. “Don’t worry. You already know I’m not a courageous person! Even if she asks for my help, | won't dare to do anything. | only assisted her the last time because | assumed she would become a part of the Farwell family. | wouldn’t do anything dumb now that | know it’s impossible.”
Jonathan was a rather indulgent brother.
Knowing what she said was the truth, he hesitated for a few seconds before he agreed.
“You can go and meet her, but you have to understand that you will bear all the consequences if you get bewitched by her and do something dumb. I'll not save you!”
Jonathan would naturally choose the Queen family over Frieda!
Frieda’s heart trembled, and she suddenly felt slightly nervous about meeting Aubree.
For a split second, she thought about explaining everything to Jonathan.
However, Frieda suppressed the urge when she thought about the Pearson family’s situation. She gave an obedient nod.
“| understand! I’m not dumb, so you don’t have to worry!”
Jonathan nodded. As he watched his sister leave, he felt slightly worried.
He knew that Frieda was not a dumb person, so he didn’t understand why she would still try to meet Aubree when she knew about the relationship between the Pearsons and the Farwells.
Is Frieda hiding something from me? 
###Chapter 1413
Chapter 1413
After leaving the Queen residence, Frieda drove to the Pearson residence immediately. She saw the movers’ vehicles outside the Pearson residence when she was walking toward the entrance.
Even though she knew that the Pearson family was in a difficult situation and targeted by many parties, she didn’t realize it was to this extent.
When she recalled Aubree’s tone in the phone call earlier, realization dawned upon her.
No wonder Aubree didn’t contact me these few days but suddenly called me today. She’s desperate. Upon realizing that, Frieda was overwhelmed with emotions.
If she went up now, it wouldn’t end up well for her as Aubree would only vent her anger on her.
Back then, the Pearson family rose to prominence with the Farwell family’s assistance.
No one would have been able to predict that the family would fall from grace now!
If this fate befalls the Queen family...
Frieda couldn’t help but shiver upon that thought.
No! | can’t be in cahoots with Aubree anymore! Who knows what she will make me do to offend the Farwell family in the future? Upon thinking that, her expression stiffened when she walked into the Pearson residence.
“Frieda, are you here for Aubree?”
Gina’s eyes lit up when she saw Frieda and said gladly, “Help me talk some sense into her. Tell her to be rational and accept our fate.”
Frieda smiled stiffly. “I will.”
With that, she made her way upstairs without casting a second glance at Gina.
She heard a thud when she was right in front of Aubree’s room.
Frieda shuddered in fear and paused in her tracks. She only knocked on the door after the room fell silent. “Come in!” Aubree’s voice was a touch hoarse.
Frieda gripped her bag tightly and opened the door.
She was greeted by a messy scene. Every movable item in the room was ruined and thrown to the ground. Aubree was still trying to smash a vase.
“Aubree, you—”
Frieda felt tense as she looked at Aubree warily. She didn’t dare to move from her spot near the door.
Aubree glared at her with hatred. “These are all my belongings! If | can’t bring them away, I'll destroy them! | will not give these things to someone else!”
With that, she smashed the vase on the ground. It immediately shattered into pieces.
Frieda immediately took a few steps back to avoid being cut by the pieces.
It was evident from Aubree’s appearance that she had just cried. Her eyes were still slightly red, her eyelashes were glistening with tears, and her hair, which had always been exquisitely styled, was slightly messy.
Also, Frieda immediately noticed the slap mark on Aubree’s face. Her brows furrowed, as she couldn’t bear to see Aubree in this state.
Even though she had seen how cruel Aubree could be, they had been friends for many years. Frieda’s hatred and fear of her dissipated seeing Aubree in such a wretched state.
“Aubree, calm down. Since it has come down to this, you won't be able to change anything, even if you're angry. You will only hurt yourself.”
She tried to comfort Aubree and calm the latter down. However, as soon as she finished speaking, a ceramic ornament flew straight at her! Frieda’s heart almost stopped as she barely managed to avoid it with her reflexes.
The ornament collided with the wall before rolling to her feet. 
###Chapter 1414
Chapter 1414
Frieda glanced at the chipped ornament beside her with lingering fear in her heart. If | hadn’t avoided the ornament in time, it would’ve struck my head, and | would’ve been lying on the ground by now!
“Shut up! Don’t think | don’t know that your family is behind this!” Aubree screamed hysterically. “You escaped unscathed, but the Queen family gobbled up my family’s properties, and | bet it won’t end there. So, don’t you dare say those insincere remarks to me!”
Startled by her outburst, Frieda could not maintain a pleasant attitude anymore. “You know | don’t have a say in the decisions my family makes. It’s pointless to blame me for my brother’s actions!”
Speaking of which, | wouldn’t have been kicked out of the management level of Queen Group if | hadn’t helped Aubree target Roxanne!
At that thought, a wave of regret washed over Frieda.
Aubree’s expression turned icy in an instant. Madness brewed in her eyes as she demanded, “I can’t watch my family reach its end just like this! | want you to go home and figure out a way to make the Queen family cough out everything they took from us!”
Disbelief crossed Frieda’s face when she heard the other woman's peremptory request. “My words carry no weight in Queen Group now, and there’s no way Jonathan will listen to me. | can’t do that!”
“You must do it! If you don’t, I’ll tell Lucian that you gave me the bacterium | fed Essie!” Aubree cut her off coldly. Frieda’s expression changed abruptly.
After witnessing the difficult circumstances of the Pearson family, she deeply regretted her decision to assist Aubree back then. At the same time, she was afraid that the latter might expose her misdeeds for real.
Along while later, Frieda forced herself to soften her voice. “Please don’t be like this, Aubree. I’m still a part of the Queen family, so I'll be able to assist you if you need any help. However, if | get kicked out of the Queen family, | won't be able to help you in the future.”
She then retrieved the bank card she had prepared beforehand and laid it on the bed. “There’s one hundred thousand in this account. Use it to rent a good place. If you need more money, just let me know. I’m here to help you.”
Aubree lowered her head to glance at the card before directing her gaze toward Frieda again. All of a sudden, her lips curled into a mocking smile. “One hundred thousand? Do you take me as a beggar?”
Frieda had a troubled look on her face. With her brows furrowed, she replied, “I wish | could give you more, but | can’t access any funds from Queen Group. Jonathan and my grandpa are the ones who provide me with money to spend. If | withdraw a large amount at once, they will inquire about my expenses, and if they find out that | gave the money to you...”
If that were to happen, Aubree might not be able to receive any more funds. Worse yet, there was a risk that Frieda’s prior actions would be revealed.
After all, Frieda had personally obtained the bacterium that infected Estella from the Queen family’s research institute.
Should someone look into that matter, they would easily discover her involvement in it.
At that point, Aubree was shaking with rage. One hundred thousand would not have meant anything to her in the past. Much to her chagrin, however, she could not even fork out ten thousand then.
“Take the money first. We'll talk about the rest later.” Frieda hastened to persuade Aubree as soon as she noticed that the latter seemed to be wavering.
After a long silence, Aubree clenched her teeth and turned away from Frieda. “Scram! Just because the Pearson family has fallen from grace doesn’t mean you can be rid of me. Remember, | have dirt on you, so you still need to listen to me!”
Since her engagement with Lucian was called off, Aubree did not bother putting on an act anymore; she did not even try to mask her desire to use Frieda to achieve her goals.
Knowing that she had to placate Aubree first, Frieda gritted her teeth silently and flashed the latter an ugly smile. “I know. Don’t worry,” she assured her. 
###Chapter 1415
Chapter 1415
With that, the two women were considered to have completely fallen out with each other.
When Frieda stepped out of the Pearson residence, the smile on her face instantly vanished as a wave of regret and fury washed over her.
If | knew this would happen, | wouldn’t have gotten close to Aubree! Her family is now destitute, yet she refuses to let me go! Her expression remained grim throughout the journey back to the Queen residence. Worried about Frieda, Jonathan had been waiting for her in the living room.
His heart sank when he noticed the expression on her face as she entered the living room. “What happened? Did you and Aubree have a fight?”
If I'm not mistaken, Aubree and Frieda have always been on good terms with each other. Since Frieda went over to check on Aubree, they shouldn’t have fought. Or could my suspicion be right? Are they hiding something from me?
That thought weighed heavily on his heart, and he fixed Frieda with a penetrating gaze. Frieda’s long-suppressed rage finally erupted after she heard her brother’s words of concern.
“It's all your fault! We have been friends with the Pearsons for a long time, yet just as they landed in trouble, we pounced on them like hungry strays to get their assets for ourselves. If you were Aubree, wouldn’t you be upset?”
Jonathan knitted his brows. “You know nothing! Relationships have no place in the corporate world. Besides, the Pearsons were also unable to hold onto their assets. If we didn’t make a move, someone else would have done so!”
Her eyes widened. “Then just—”
Before she could say they should give someone else that chance, he interjected sternly, “Shut up! This concerns Queen Group, and I’ve already discussed it with the shareholders. There were no ions, and it was also an order from Lucian. Do you think we are more closely associated with the Farwell family or the Pearson family?”
Frieda’s pupils shrank at the mention of Lucian. A sense of fear overtook her, and her rage dissipated.
Jonathan stared at her fixedly for some time. Upon noticing that she stopped retorting him, he coaxed, “Don’t meet with the Pearsons anymore. Consider that you did your very best as Aubree’s friend with today’s final visit. You must have no more dealings with them from now on. It would be best to forget about them and move on.”
An ugly scowl crept up Frieda’s face. Of course, | want to do that as well, but Aubree will never let me off so easily.
Her hesitation did not go unnoticed by Jonathan, whose countenance darkened. “You must be aware that Aubree can never become Mrs. Farwell. What she did is now widely known in Horington. If you don’t sever your connections with her, it will damage the reputation of the Queen family!”
Frieda trembled imperceptibly.
Her biggest fear was that the Queen family would be affected.
| dread to imagine the state I'll end up in if my family becomes destitute. But how can | be rid of Aubree?
Despite how hard she racked her brain for a solution, not a single one came to mind. At that point, she wanted nothing more than to confess her past deeds.
However, she was afraid Jonathan would kick her out of the Queen family before Lucian could take action against her.
“The only person who can be the lady of the Farwell family is Roxanne, and there will be plenty of occasions where we have to socialize with her in the future,” Jonathan uttered.
Something else occurred to him, and he advised, “I remember you used to treat Dr. Jarvis rather rudely. You’d better find a chance to apologize to her lest it affects our future dealings with her.”
His words struck a chord with Frieda. She seemed to think making amends with Roxanne was a good idea. Though she did not like Roxanne, at the very least, the latter was much more amicable than Lucian. | can ask Roxanne to intercede on my behalf!
Harboring that thought in mind, Frieda feigned obedience and nodded in agreement. 
###Chapter 1416
Chapter 1416
Jonathan could tell that something was wrong with his sister’s emotions. He pondered for a long while before saying, “Tell me when you decide to visit Dr. Jarvis. I’ll accompany you.” Having taken the hint, Frieda felt much more confident, and her expression became brighter.
Jonathan had a stern look on his face as he continued sternly, “If you’ve offended her previously, seize the chance to give her a
proper apology. Dr. Jarvis isn’t petty, so she'll forgive you if you admit to your mistakes, not to mention I'll be present as well She nodded obediently in response, but inwardly, her mind was racing with various thoughts.
While Jonathan made it sound like a simple task, I’m not convinced that Roxanne will be so forgiving. If she discovers that | indirectly harmed her children by supplying the bacterium to Aubree, I’m not sure if she will still be willing to forgive me. Perhaps | should gauge her reaction gradually before confessing to the crime.
“All right. You should go upstairs and get some rest. Let me know when you’ve made up your mind, and I'll inform Dr. Jarvis,” Jonathan voiced.
Afterward, he sighed and dismissed Frieda with a wave.
He thought that his efforts were in vain again, but to his surprise, she volunteered, “Jonathan, | was wrong. Please ask Dr. Jarvis when she is free so that | can apologize to her at the earliest opportunity.”
Ahint of astonishment flashed across Jonathan’s eyes. Why did she change her mind today?
Frieda touched her nose and added, “I was too set in my ways previously. As you've said, Dr. Jarvis will get married to Lucian one day. If I’m on bad terms with her, it won’t bode well for our family’s future.”
At the end of her utterances, she flashed a charming smile at her brother. “Would it be possible for me to rejoin Queen Group once Dr. Jarvis and | have reconciled?” she inquired.
Jonathan scrutinized her for several seconds but did not notice anything odd in her expression.
Thus, he agreed right away. “After you apologize to Dr. Jarvis, and she agrees to forgive you, you can return to the company. Remember not to do anything foolish in the future.”
The reason he and Alfred terminated Frieda’s employment at Queen Group was that they felt her actions had impacted the reputation of the Queen family. At the same time, they were concerned that she would remain obstinate and fail to recognize the offense she might cause to Farwell Group.
If Roxanne agreed to forgive Frieda’s past deeds, the Queen family would recover its reputation.
Hearing his answer, Frieda heaved a sigh of relief inwardly.
As long as | get to return to Queen Group, | can still appease Aubree if she asks me for more money.
After she decided to offer an apology as soon as possible, Jonathan wasted no time in giving Roxanne a call.
Roxanne was recently busy with work at the research institute.
Motivated by the newfound knowledge that Estella was the child whom she thought had passed away during childbirth, she decided to remain in Chanaea and pursue her career there so that she could be with the little girl.
To achieve her goal, she had been working overtime to obtain new projects in an attempt to help the research institute make a name for itself in Chanaea.
As a result, she did not have time to pay attention to any external disputes.
When Jonathan called her, she was busy developing new medications with the researchers at the research institute. Following Colby’s arrest, the responsibilities she carried in the research institute became greater.
In fact, Roxanne was so swamped with work that she had to find time to answer Jonathan’s call.
Over the phone, Jonathan merely told her he wanted to talk to her about something. As the Queen family was closely related to the research institute, she agreed to squeeze an afternoon meeting into her busy schedule.
They ended the call after agreeing to a time and location. 
###Chapter 1417
Chapter 1417
At noon the next day, Jonathan brought Frieda shopping. They bought a bunch of gifts before driving to the restaurant where they were supposed to meet Roxanne.
The restaurant was near the research institute. Due to the closeness of both locations, Roxanne thought she could head back to do some more work if their meeting ended early.
Something in the research institute held her up, so Jonathan and Frieda were already waiting in the private room by the time she arrived.
“I'm sorry, Dr. Jarvis. Did | interrupt your work?”
Despite addressing Roxanne by her name in front of Lucian, Jonathan was mindful of his behavior and addressed her politely when she was present.
Roxanne offered him a polite smile. Her gaze then landed on Frieda, and confusion crossed her eyes. If I'm not mistaken, Frieda never liked me. So why is she here today?
Considering how busy she was handling various projects at the research institute, Roxanne did not want to be involved in any trouble.
Jonathan rose to his feet and pulled out the chair for her like the gentleman he was. “Frieda recognized the error of her ways, so she asked for my help to schedule a meeting with you. She wants to apologize to you personally.”
As he spoke, he swept his gaze across his sister.
Frieda obediently got to her feet while wearing a sincere smile. “Dr. Jarvis, | was too immature in the past. Because Aubree and [hese
There, she paused before continuing, “Aubree and | are good friends, so when | saw how close you were to Lucian, | immediately harbored prejudices against you. | now realize | was in the wrong. Hopefully, you won’t hold it against me.”
Frieda implied that her horrible attitude toward Roxanne in the past was entirely due to Aubree’s influence. With that mere sentence, she had put the blame on Aubree.
Roxanne understood the implicit message in Frieda’s words and felt slightly uncomfortable.
She could not bring herself to accept her apology.
Naturally, Jonathan also realized what Frieda meant. His expression turned grim as he chided, “Frieda!” Frieda’s expression grew increasingly sincere as she retrieved a gift she had bought earlier.
“I've realized my mistakes now. You're the only one Lucian has ever loved. Roxanne, | was foolish in the past, so could you please forgive me? Since Jonathan and Lucian are best friends, | would like to be your bestie, too!” she exclaimed.
While speaking, she offered the gift to Roxanne. With those words, she had put Roxanne on the spot, making it difficult for the latter to refuse without seeming unkind.
At that moment, Frieda was fairly confident that she would win Roxanne’s forgiveness.
I've humbled myself this much, so there’s no way Roxanne will refuse to forgive me!
To her surprise, the other woman fell silent momentarily before pushing the gift back to her. “I am willing to forgive your previous attitude toward me, but it’s too early for us to become besties. We're not that close to each other.”
Roxanne flashed a polite and distant smile at Frieda, then continued, “You can address me as ‘Dr. Jarvis’ just like Mr. Queen does. We can start by being friends.”
As a matter of fact, she had only agreed to be friends with Frieda out of respect for Jonathan. Taken aback by her rejection, Frieda stiffened. Meanwhile, Jonathan felt she had already gotten off to a good start by successfully having Roxanne agree to forgive her.
He chuckled, trying to lighten the mood. “Dr. Jarvis is right. Why don’t you start by being friends? Anyhow, you'll have plenty of opportunities to get to know each other better. Whether or not you become besties is something that only time can tell.”
Roxanne looked at him, the smile on her face becoming much more relaxed.
From the day she met Jonathan, she discovered he always behaved toward others with the utmost propriety, never once making things difficult for the other party. 
###Chapter 1418
Chapter 1418
Despite her reluctance, Frieda had no choice but to go with the flow. Her priority then was to win Roxanne’s forgiveness so that she could rejoin Queen Group. “Okay, then.”
Beaming at Roxanne, she pushed the gift back to her. “I bought this for you. It isn’t expensive. Please accept them as a token of my sincerity.”
Jonathan chimed in, “Yes, Frieda put in a lot of effort to pick this gift. Dr. Jarvis, do accept it. If you don’t, she won't believe that you've forgiven her.”
Roxanne glanced at the present and noticed it was indeed an affordable purse.
It was only then that she extended her arm and took it. “Thanks for the gift. This meal is on me,” she offered, nodding at them. Jonathan readily accepted her offer.
During lunch, the trio chatted about the collaboration between Queen Group and the research institute.
Knowing that his best friend had set his mind on Roxanne and that they were in a committed relationship, Jonathan decided to deepen his involvement with the research institute.
Naturally, Roxanne was more than delighted to have that happen. That meal was an enjoyable event for them both, save for Frieda. Nevertheless, she finally got to return to Queen Group. Her wish had come true.
After lunch, Roxanne returned to the research institute to work while Jonathan brought Frieda to Queen Group. With that, they went their separate ways.
Even though Jonathan had agreed to let his sister rejoin the company, he still had some reservations. As a result, he merely gave her a title instead of entrusting her with critical decision-making responsibilities.
Frieda dared not ask for more. She was fine with anything as long as she would get paid. At the same time, Aubree and her family were busy moving out of their mansion.
Due to their financial constraints, it was impossible for them to reside in the city any longer. Their only option was to secure a dilapidated mansion in the suburbs to call home temporarily by using the one hundred thousand that Frieda had given Aubree.
The mansion had been unoccupied for several years, and though it had furniture, everything was coated in a thick layer of dust. However, they could not afford to hire a cleaner and had to clean up the mansion themselves.
It took them a whole day to finish the first round of cleaning.
Gina took on the majority of the cleaning duties. As soon as they finished, she collapsed onto the couch in a state of exhaustion and lamented, “This is terrible. In comparison to our former home, this place is uninhabitable...”
Upon hearing her comment, Samuel roared, “Stop dreaming! We don’t have a home anymore. Even this house is just a cheap rental!”
He then glared at his daughter with displeasure. “You're nothing but trouble!”
Aubree lowered her head to mask the suppressed, crazed look in her eyes.
Roxanne and Lucian! | despise both of you! Why is all of this happening to me? I've lived a life of comfort all these years, but now I’m suddenly banished to hell.
Suddenly, Gina recalled something and grabbed Samuel's sleeves. “Let's ask the Queen family for help; we can ask Frieda to help us. She’s good friends with Aubree. Since she even paid a visit to Aubree yesterday, she'll surely help us! Besides, we've been on good terms with the Queen family for years—”
Before she could finish her utterances, Samuel interjected harshly, “The Queen family is the reason why we are in this state.”
Anger coursed through his veins as he glared at his wife and daughter. Foolish women! | can’t believe they had no idea who did this to us. How dare they suggest that we ask the culprits for help?
Hearing the revelation, Gina dropped to the ground in shock. 
###Chapter 1419
Chapter 1419
| can’t believe the Queen family is the culprit! |... | assume that with our friendship of years, even if they refuse to help us, at the very least, they won't hit us when we're down. Yet, they are the reason we ended up in such a state! If that’s the case, why did Frieda come to our house yesterday? Did she come to shed crocodile tears?
Gina glared at her daughter resentfully. “You knew about it, didn’t you?”
Aubree’s involvement in the company’s affairs meant that she must have known who the culprit was, yet she still permitted Frieda to visit her, much to Gina’s bafflement.
If | knew the Queen family was behind this, | wouldn’t have allowed Frieda to enter our house!
Aubree’s eyes had also turned red. “So what if | did know? It was the Farwells’ order! Lucian drove us into a corner all because of that b*tch!”
| refuse to give up just yet! Even if | end up in hell, I'll drag that b*tch down with me! Her words made Gina feel as though the world was crumbling around her. She could not believe Lucian was so ruthless as to disregard the past bond between the two families.
It means that we've utterly offended the Farwell family and can never make a comeback! | can never return to my previous luxurious life anymore!
When that realization occurred to Gina, she fainted. “Mom!”
Fear crossed Aubree’s eyes at the sight of her mother collapsing to the ground. “We need to go to the hospital now!” she exclaimed, dashing toward Gina.
Samuel's face was as black as thunder. “No way! She just fainted from an emotional shock. Don’t forget that we're strapped for cash. There’s no need to send her to the hospital just because of a minor illness!”
He then pushed Aubree away with a swing of his arm, picked Gina up, and brought her upstairs.
Aubree glared at his retreating figure, madness continuously manifesting in her eyes.
Mom is sick, but she can’t even go to the hospital! | refuse to lead such a life!
Overtaken by the extreme rage, she phoned Frieda, who had just rejoined the company with Jonathan’s approval.
Frieda was content with being able to return to the company, even though her apology to Roxanne the previous day did not go as expected.
She was leisurely playing games on her phone in her own office when Aubree’s name suddenly popped up on the screen. Her hand trembled, and she nearly tossed her phone.
| knew | wouldn't be able to be rid of Aubree easily, but | had no idea she would contact me again this fast! What does she want this time? Money? Or is she going to order me to do something evil again?
At the thought of those possibilities, Frieda’s hands shook nonstop as she answered the call.
Yet, to avoid infuriating Aubree, she had to feign nonchalance. “Aubree? What's the matter?”
Aubree gritted her teeth and demanded, “Give me five million!”
That caused Frieda to spring to her feet in shock. “Five million?”
I've just rejoined Queen Group, so | have no means to get that sum for her. But | can’t afford to offend her for now... Carefully, Frieda asked, “When do you want the five million?”
“Today! As fast as possible!” Aubree replied in an icy voice.
At that moment, she was extremely insecure after seeing Gina faint before her eyes.
Not only was she desperate for money, but she also wanted an astronomical sum.
As of then, Frieda was her ATM. 
###Chapter 1420
Chapter 1420
Frieda could not help but shudder again. She was not like Aubree. Aubree had a say over the Pearson family’s matters. To her, several tens of millions were nothing.
But in Frieda’s situation, she had zero authority in the Queen family. The money she spent was allowance given to her by the elders.
Given how extravagant she was with her money, she had only a few million in her hand.
If | gave Aubree five million in one go, | wouldn’t have much left for myself, would |?
“| don’t have that much money, Aubree. You should know about my situation.” Frieda tried to bargain her way out cautiously. An ugly scowl showed up on Aubree’s face. “Then how much do you have?”
Frieda mulled over it for a moment. “Two million. Can’t go any higher...”
| won't have enough to spend if | give her more than two million. Now that I've just rejoined Queen Group, | can’t possibly lay my hands on the company’s money yet. Besides, Jonathan will surely get suspicious if | use the money now.
On the other end of the line, Aubree’s breathing turned rough. “Give me two million today first. Make up for the rest of the five million after that!”
Relief washed over Frieda when she heard those words. Through the phone, her tone remained sincere. “I will. Don’t worry, Aubree. As long as I’m in the Queen family, | won't let you live a tough life!”
Satisfied with the response, Aubree snorted coldly and hung up after letting Frieda know the address. The darkened phone screen reflected Frieda’s vicious expression. What a bloodsucker!
Of course, Frieda dared not waste any time as she was also worried that Aubree might do something drastic if she was desperate.
That afternoon, she grabbed her bank card and hurried to the suburban mansion.
As soon as she entered, she was utterly shocked by the environment in the house.
If Aubree wasn't sitting on the couch, Frieda would have wondered if the place was even fit for humans to stay in. No wonder Aubree sounded so mad over the phone.
“Have you eaten, Aubree? We can head out and eat something if you haven't.”
Frieda recomposed herself and walked up to Aubree with a smile. Instead of sitting down, she stood by the side and fixed her eyes on the latter.
Only then did Aubree notice Frieda’s existence. Lifting her gaze, she coldly instructed, “Put the money down and get lost.” More than happy to leave the place as soon as possible, Frieda placed the money on the coffee table and turned to leave. However, just as she turned around, Aubree stopped her. “Have you come up with a solution yet?”
Frieda froze for several seconds before she registered what Aubree was talking about.
A few days ago, Aubree had asked her to think of a way to help the Pearson family get out of their predicament. Nevertheless, the one behind everything was the Farwell family. Based on Frieda’s capabilities alone, there was no way she could go against that family.
Troubled and exasperated, Frieda whipped her head around. “Aubree, | really don’t have a way...”
“You useless piece of trash!” Aubree furiously got up from the couch and was about to say something more when a sharp voice suddenly rang out from upstairs.
“The nerve of you to come here!”
Gina, who had just woken up from her unconscious state, trembled with fury when she saw Frieda in the house. Behind her, Samuel also wore an ashen expression.
Frieda was briefly taken aback but still habitually greeted the two of them, “Mr. and Mrs. Pearson...”
“Get out! We don’t know you! Don’t you ever dare appear in our house again!”
Gina scrambled down the stairs, stormed up to Frieda, and jostled her in an attempt to chase her out of the house.
Taking note of the two elders’ expressions, Frieda felt sorry for them. “That was Jonathan’s instruction. There was nothing | could
do—
Gina cut her off and screamed, “You guys are of the same family! You're just as guilty as him! Get lost! | don’t want to see you Queens ever again!” 
###Chapter 1421
Chapter 1421
As Frieda was chased out of the house while wearing a reluctant expression, she was, in truth, rejoicing inwardly. If | get thrown out by Aubree’s parents today, | can use that as an excuse to break all ties with Aubree. That'll be wonderful! Unfortunately, that was all wishful thinking on her part. Before long, Aubree went up to Gina and held her back.
“Mom, please don’t be like this. Frieda is unlike the rest of the Queen family. She’s my best friend. Look, she even gave us money!”
Aubree viciously shot daggers at Frieda before trying to gently coax her mother into forgiving Frieda. Without a doubt, she hated the Queen family too. Nevertheless, she knew she could not cut off contact with Frieda just yet because the latter was still of value to her.
Seeing Aubree standing up for Frieda, the emotionally unstable Gina turned to the former and berated, “Why are you still defending her? Have you forgotten how we ended up in this predicament?”
Aubree’s expression changed drastically. “I didn’t forget. But that’s exactly why we can’t chase Frieda away!”
With that, she forcefully dragged Gina back into the living room.
Before heading in, Aubree shot Frieda a look, signaling her to leave immediately.
Frieda’s expression was gloomy as things did not turn out the way she wanted. She then spun on her heel and left.
Back inside the mansion, Gina felt such an immense surge of anger and despair that she could not formulate her thoughts into words. All she could do was bawl her eyes out, tears streaming continuously down her face.
It went without saying that Aubree was feeling inexplicably frustrated as well. She merely glanced at her mother and headed upstairs without giving any explanation.
The mansion, which was already dilapidated, instantly descended into a state of despair.
Meanwhile, Roxanne received a call from Jack again after busying herself with work for several days.
“Ms. Jarvis, do you remember the new drug that | mentioned earlier? The one I’m planning to research and develop?” Jack’s cheerful voice sounded from the other end of the line.
Roxanne, who was too overwhelmed by work, only recalled that they had previously talked about that subject after hearing Jack’s reminder.
“Do you need my help?” She left the research area and found a quiet spot to take the call. Collaborating with the Damaris family will greatly benefit the development of our research institute in Chanaea.
Jack hummed an acknowledgment and added, “It’d be wonderful if we could work together. | firmly believe that your research institute is my ideal business partner.”
Needless to say, Roxanne would not let the opportunity slide. “It's my honor to continue working with the Damaris family.”
Jack chuckled faintly when he heard her response. “We'll talk more when we meet. There are still some details that we need to discuss.”
Roxanne agreed at once. The two also decided on the time and venue of their meet-up before hanging up.
The moment the call ended, she received another call. This time, it was from Lucian.
Roxanne answered it without hesitation.
“Have you been very busy the past few days? Essie says that you're hardly at home.”
The two rarely met since their return from Jadeborough.
Lucian went over to visit the kids several times, but Roxanne was always not around and would leave them in Linda’s care. Only after hearing Lucian’s voice did Roxanne realize they had not met each other for quite some time.
On top of that, the time she spent with the kids had also dwindled lately.
Aguilty look flitted across Roxanne’s eyes as that realization dawned upon her. “It’s all right. The research institute has got more projects recently, so we’re busier than usual. But it'll get better soon.”
Lucian furrowed his brows slightly. “No matter how busy work is at the research institute, you shouldn’t overwork yourself. Don’t forget that the kids are still waiting for you at home.”
Having heard what the man said, Roxanne could not help but feel amused. This man is more of a workaholic than | am. Yet he’s reminding me not to overwork myself?
However, at the same time, she also felt a warm current flowing through her heart. 
###Chapter 1422
Chapter 1422
Lucian had mentioned visiting Roxanne in the past few days, but she rejected him by saying she had work to do.
When he heard Estella mention that Roxanne was rarely home, he finally realized how hard she had been working recently. “Are you free tomorrow at noon? Let’s have lunch together,” Lucian suggested.
He was determined to let Roxanne get some rest.
Roxanne fell silent for a few moments when she heard the time he mentioned before replying apologetically, “Sorry, I’m not free.” Lucian frowned. “Why? Is there work that you have to complete?”
Roxanne scratched her nose sheepishly. “I’ve promised to meet up with Mr. Damaris for lunch tomorrow to discuss a project.” Jack Damaris?
Lucian’s expression instantly darkened.
We've hardly been in contact these few days, and yet she’s been contacting him?
What the elderlies from the nursing home said echoed in Lucian’s mind once again.
After all, he and Roxanne did not work in the same industry. Plus, the woman was a workaholic, causing their quality time together to minimize.
Lucian felt threatened when he realized that.
Taking note of the man’s silence, Roxanne softened her tone and explained, “I want to stay in Chanaea and be with Essie. Hence, | was thinking of expanding the research institute. A collaboration with the Damaris family would be of great help to the development of our research institute.”
Naturally, Lucian would not stop her from expanding her career.
Although he was unhappy when he heard her say that, he had no choice but to relent. “All right. I'll invite you to lunch another day then. | hope you won't keep rejecting me.”
Roxanne was surprised, for she did not expect him to give in that easily. Momentarily stunned, she agreed with a smile After ending the call with Roxanne, Lucian called the three children and asked them for a favor.
The children were quick to agree.
The next morning, Roxanne saw the three children sitting on the couch when she went downstairs.
She was understandably surprised when she saw them. “What’s wrong?”
Recently, she had been getting up earlier than usual to go to work, and the children would usually only wake up and bid her goodbye when she was about to leave.
| wonder why they woke up so early today. The three kids flashed her adorable smiles. “Mommy, will you be busy today too?”
Roxanne patted their heads apologetically and said, “Sorry for not spending enough time with you these days. Let's all go out and have fun after | finish work.”
The children nodded.
Estella, on the other hand, stared at Roxanne’s neck with wide eyes.
Roxanne couldn't help frowning in confusion and reached up to touch her bare neck when she met Estella’s gaze. “Essie, is there something on my neck?”
Pouting, Estella replied unhappily, “Mommy, why aren’t you wearing the necklace?”
Roxanne was taken aback by the little girl's question. She then quickly returned to her senses and understood that Estella was referring to the necklace that Lucian gifted her.
“It's not convenient for me to wear jewelry when | work,” she patiently explained to Estella. However, the girl was stubborn. “Mommy, is it because you don't like that necklace?” Roxanne subconsciously shook her head.
“Then it’s because you don’t like Daddy!” Estella pouted in aggrievement and lowered her head pitifully. “Mommy, please don’t hate Daddy...”
Roxanne was utterly confused as she stared at Estella. I've explained everything to her, but she doesn’t seem to understand.
Since she was in a hurry to leave and didn’t have the time to comfort Estella, she had no choice but to give in and went upstairs to wear the necklace.
Asmile crept onto Estella’s face when she saw Roxanne wear the necklace. 
###Chapter 1423
Chapter 1423
The reason Roxanne did not wear the necklace was that it was indeed inconvenient. When she arrived at the research institute, she took off the necklace and kept it in the pocket of her jacket.
After bustling around for the entire morning, Jack suddenly called during lunchtime, telling her something cropped up. He asked if they could meet at night instead.
Roxanne did not think too much about it and agreed. When evening came, Roxanne exited the research institute to find Jack waiting for her by the entrance. “I'm so sorry. Something happened at the company this afternoon, and | couldn't leave,” Jack apologized as soon as he saw her.
Unbothered, Roxanne smiled. “That’s okay. Work is more important. Are we still going to the restaurant we reserved yesterday? You go ahead. I'll follow behind.”
With that, she turned and made her way toward her car.
The look in Jack’s eyes turned gloomy as he watched her approach her car without hesitation. He said nothing and got into his own car.
Both cars drove off from the research institute.
The restaurant was nearby the research institute, and the two of them arrived within ten minutes.
Jack had already reserved them a table near the window.
Roxanne took off her jacket, and in the process, the necklace fell out of the pocket and landed right beside Jack’s feet.
Jack picked it up and glanced at it before shifting his gaze to the person before him. His words seemed to insinuate a deeper meaning as he commented, “This necklace doesn’t seem like your style.”
Roxanne was taken aback.
Indeed, if she were to buy a necklace for herself, she would not have purchased such a lavish design. However, she didn’t see a need to explain to Jack where the necklace came from.
As such, she merely grinned and did not reply.
However, judging from her expression, Jack could already tell who gave her the necklace. His lips curled into a wry smile before he handed the necklace to her.
“This necklace attracts too much attention. As people in the medical field, we like to keep a low profile. No wonder you would leave it in your pocket instead of wearing it.”
Sensing that he was implying something, she stared at the person before her, puzzled.
Jack did not comment more on it as he changed the topic to the new drug they were about to develop. “Most of the medicinal herbs we’re using to develop the new drug are planted by the Damaris family. My grandpa also hopes we'll use the Damaris family’s raw materials as the main ingredient as well.”
Roxanne’s focus was immediately diverted when they began talking business. She nodded in agreement and said, “That way, we can ensure better quality, too.”
She was a little worried after finishing her sentence. “But if our research institute will be in charge of the drug’s research and development, the supply of raw materials...”
I'm afraid the Damaris family would demand a hefty price for the raw materials.
Jack replied matter-of-factly, “The institute will only be responsible for the research and development. As for the medicinal herbs, we'll provide sufficient supplies.”
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief when she heard that.
After that, their discussion about the new drug became smoother.
Roxanne had to admit that as the leading family within the traditional medicine field, the Damaris family’s research in this area was indeed much more advanced as compared to the market.
Many of their ideas and concepts coincided with Roxanne’s.
The topic of the conversation between Roxanne and Jack gradually extended from the new drug’s research and development to the entire traditional medicine market.
Before they knew it, it was already late.
The two of them finally stopped chatting when Roxanne’s phone rang.
Benny was the one who called, asking when Roxanne would be returning home.
Roxanne quickly apologized to the boy and explained her situation. She then bid Jack goodbye before she got up and left. Jack fumed in silence as he watched Roxanne’s retreating figure.
Even though she didn’t say anything, | could already guess that Lucian was the one who gave her that necklace! | can’t believe she’s taking it everywhere she goes. Just what in the world is she thinking? 
###Chapter 1424
Chapter 1424
It was already past nine at night when Roxanne reached home. As she got out of the car, she felt anxious and guilty for leaving the children alone at home.
Hence, she hurried into the mansion, but as soon as she entered, she was greeted with the lively sounds of the children playing with each other and running around.
Roxanne stopped in her tracks and looked inside the living room, surprised.
Initially, she thought Madilyn had come over, but Lucian was sitting on the couch instead.
As if sensing her presence, the man turned around to look.
When their gazes met, Roxanne’s shock intensified. “What are you doing here?”
Didn’t we agree on meeting some other day?
Upon noticing her return, the children stopped playing and gathered around her, yearning for affection.
“Mommy, you came home so late! Daddy’s been waiting for a long time!”
Roxanne ruffled the children’s hair, but her gaze was still locked on Lucian.
Lucian sat on the couch, crossing his legs. The button on his collar was undone, and he seemed relaxed and comfortable.
Roxanne felt a strange but wonderful sensation surge within her heart when she thought of how he played with the children while looking like that.
Lucian got up from the couch and made his way toward her. His gaze swept past her neck. His expression darkened when he noticed her bare neck. “Didn’t you say your appointment was at noon?”
In the face of Lucian’s gaze, Roxanne felt inexplicably culpable although she hadn’t done anything wrong. “Mr. Damaris had something important this afternoon, so we had to change the time at the last minute.”
Dissatisfaction flashed across Lucian’s face when he heard that. “Is that how the Damaris family does their business? How can they change the appointment time just because they want to? If they’re this casual when it comes to work, who would collaborate with them in the future?”
Roxanne did not know how to respond. She could only grin and change the topic nonchalantly. “Did you guys have dinner?” Benny piped up, “We did! But | think Mr. Farwell hasn’t eaten yet.”
Linda had prepared dinner for the children before she left.
Lucian arrived while the children were eating, seemingly planning to freeload dinner.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne turned to look at Lucian for confirmation.
Lucian scrunched his eyebrows in tacit vindication.
Roxanne frowned and said with a sigh, “Why didn’t you call me earlier?”
She patted the children’s heads as a gesture for them to make way. Subsequently, she washed her hands before preparing food in the kitchen.
Verily, Lucian had lost his appetite after finding out that she and Jack had been out eating dinner until late at night.
He initially wanted to reject her offer of making dinner for him, but when he saw her getting busy in the kitchen for his sake, he swallowed his words.
Roxanne made some simple pasta.
Earlier, she had been engrossed in her conversation with Jack regarding medicine and did not eat much.
Since I’m preparing food for Lucian, | might as well make some for myself.
The children approached and demanded to have some when they smelled the pasta’s delicious aroma. Roxanne could only scoop some pasta for each of them, too.
The sight of the family of five sitting around the dining table enjoying pasta at almost ten at night made for a heartwarming scene. Only then did Roxanne remember to ask Lucian, “Why did you suddenly come over? Is there something wrong?”
Lucian glanced at her and replied, “I’m here to see Essie.”
Roxanne nodded in understanding.
In the next second, Lucian spoke again. “Plus, | said I'll take responsibility. Since you haven’t given me an answer, | can only take more extreme measures and court you a little more persistently.” 
###Chapter 1425
Chapter 1425
Roxanne’s ears turned red at the thought of what he was referring to when he mentioned the word “responsibility.” Guiltily, she glanced at the children.
The children were in sync as they pretended not to hear the conversation and savored the food. Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief and glared at Lucian, embarrassed. “I need more time to think about it!” Lucian shrugged before flashing her a smile. “Then I'll just have to pursue you more persistently.”
The children rejoiced inwardly when they heard their parents’ conversation.
| wonder if Mommy has realized that her attitude toward Daddy has completely changed. With their fast progression, we'll become a real family very soon!
It was late after they finished dinner. Lucian did not stay much longer either. He said his goodbyes and left.
The smile on Lucian’s face slowly disappeared and was replaced with an annoyed expression the moment he stepped out of Roxanne’s place.
While eating, Roxanne had briefly told him about the collaboration between her research institute and the Damaris family. The woman was all smiles as she told him about it, but he felt bitter.
Jack is obviously coveting my woman. But, just like what the elderlies had said, we're not working in the same industry. Even if | wanted to do something, | don’t know how.
The more he thought about it, the more frustrated he got.
Therefore, he decided to pull over by the side of the road and took out his phone to call Jonathan.
Jonathan had just fallen asleep when his phone rang and woke him up.
Glancing at the caller ID, he noticed it was from Lucian and involuntarily recalled what had happened previously.
The last time Lucian had called him this late at night was to get him to take down Pearson Group, which cost him a good night’s sleep.
| wonder what is it this time.
Jonathan was reluctant to pick up the call, but he was also afraid that Lucian would show up at his door. In the end, he had no choice but to bite the bullet and groggily answered the phone.
“Lucian, what’s up?”
Jonathan could hear Lucian’s deep voice and a few honks on the other end of the line. “I want to acquire the medicine company operating under the Damaris family. Do you know how | can do that?”
Jonathan froze. He was immediately snapped out of his groggy state before answering, “Is Farwell Group preparing to enter the medical industry?”
One thought popped into his mind. If Farwell Group ventures into the medical industry, won't Queen Group’s status in the industry fall again?
Moments later, he realized the key point of Lucian’s words.
He wants to take over the Damaris family’s medical company!
Wide awake, he sat up in bed, his mind racing with various thoughts.
“Don't tell me you're doing this because of Roxanne. You're jealous of Jack, and in a fit of anger, you want to—”
Lucian interrupted his guess with displeasure, “Well? Do you have any ideas? Farwell Group doesn’t have much experience in the medical industry, but the Damaris family has a highly established foundation, so | can only ask you for advice.”
According to Roxanne, the Damaris family provides the medicinal herbs they need for the new drug. Roxanne will interact less with Jack if | acquire the medicinal herbs company under the Damaris family. In the future, | can provide her the medicinal herbs whenever she needs them. That way, we'll get to interact more with each other.
Judging from Jonathan's understanding of Lucian, he knew that his guess was correct although Lucian did not answer his question directly.
Naturally, he wanted to help his friend, but there was nothing he could do.
“It's as you said. The Damaris family’s influence is highly established in the medical field. To be honest, I’ve also tried to acquire their company. However, no matter what | did, they refused to sell me the company. I’ve even tried raising the price five times higher and tried befriending them, but they just won't let go.” 
###Chapter 1426
Chapter 1426
The medicinal herb company owned by the Damaris family was mainly run by their own people, leaving outsiders nothing but envy.
Lucian went silent after hearing that.
However, that piqued Jonathan’s interest. “Why? Is Roxanne working with the Damaris family again? Do you need my help with anything?”
Lucian managed to detect the hint of derision in his voice and snickered. “Go on and acquire the Damaris family’s medicinal herbs company if you’d really like to help.”
Jonathan rubbed his nose sheepishly and said, “Well, anything but that.”
“Then there’s nothing you can do. Bye.”
Lucian hung up the call right after that.
Jonathan's face was full of reproach as he watched his phone screen go dark.
That was the second time Lucian had woken him up in the middle of the night and hung up after dropping a bomb on him. It had taken him considerable effort to finally drift off to sleep.
Great. It looks like | won't be able to sleep at all tonight, either!
Jonathan lay back down in bed, scrolling through his phone as he attempted to fall asleep.
However, a trending post on social media immediately caught his attention.
The post read: Breaking news! Roxanne Jarvis, the ex-wife of Lucian Farwell, was spotted secretly meeting up with the eldest son of the Damaris family!
Jonathan initially thought his eyes were playing tricks on him as he crawled out of bed. He stared at the post for a few more seconds to confirm what he had read before he finally believed what he was seeing. Then, he clicked on the post to find out more.
There were several pictures posted in the thread. In the photos, Roxanne and Jack were sitting face to face at a table by the window of a restaurant, chatting and enjoying each other's company.
There were even a few angles that captured the gleam in Roxanne’s eyes.
Even Jonathan couldn’t help speculating about Roxanne and Jonathan’s relationship at the sight of the photos. Then, he read the comments on the post.
Netizen A: Roxanne Jarvis? Didn’t she just get back together with Mr. Farwell?
Netizen B: She didn’t clarify the rumors regarding her and Mr. Damaris back then. Now, it seems like there really is something between them!
Netizen C: | guess this is the perk of being a pretty girl. She can get two handsome, wealthy men falling head over heels for her at the same time!
The comment section was full of slanderous remarks about Roxanne and speculations about her relationship with Jack and Lucian.
Jonathan grew increasingly alarmed as he continued reading the comments.
No wonder Lucian asked me that question just now.
If it were another family, they would have collapsed like the Pearsons or the Hightowers.
| have to say, Lucian has met a formidable opponent this time. | wonder what Roxanne thinks, though.
Sleep eluded Jonathan after he saw the post, and he immediately sent Lucian the link to the post.
Meanwhile, Lucian just got back to the Farwell residence.
Confused upon seeing the link Jonathan sent him, he asked: What's this?
Jonathan replied: Just click the link. Otherwise, you're going to regret it tomorrow morning. Lucian furrowed his brow when he read Jonathan’s reply. He clicked on the link while washing up. The title of the post made him stop brushing his teeth abruptly.
Following that, his face sank when he saw the photos inside the thread.
He had to admit that both Jack and Roxanne were excellent doctors, and he believed Roxanne when she told him that they only met up to talk about medicine. However, he had never imagined that Roxanne would be so happy while she was with Jack.
She had never smiled at him like how she did with Jack.
Grabbing a towel, he wiped his face dry and walked out of the bathroom before sitting on his bed, scrolling through the comment section with a solemn look on his face.
His face turned dark as thunder as he read the myriad of speculations about Roxanne’s relationship with Jack. 
###Chapter 1427
Chapter 1427
Cayden was fast asleep in his bed when a phone call roused him. He glanced at his phone and noticed that it was a call from Lucian.
He immediately sprung up from bed and took a few seconds to regain his senses before taking the call. “Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian’s cold voice rang out. “Contact the Public Relations Department and order them to publicize my relationship with Roxanne. | want everyone to know about us!”
Shocked by Lucian’s order, Cayden was wide awake.
What happened? Why does Mr. Farwell suddenly want to publicize his relationship with Mrs. Farwell? And in the middle of the night, no less?
In a shaky voice, Cayden uttered, “Mr. Farwell, Mrs. Farwell’s two children’s identities are unverified. I’m afraid that public opinion is not going to go easy on Mrs. Farwell and the Farwell family if you publicize the relationship.”
Lucian’s face turned grim on the other end of the phone when he thought about Roxanne’s two children.
He knew he had Archie and Benny to thank for the current stage of his and Roxanne’s relationship.
If their biological father didn’t turn up, he wouldn’t mind treating the two boys as his own.
Besides, they were about the same age as Estella.
With that thought in mind, Lucian told Cayden, “Validate their identities, then.”
Dumbstruck, he asked, “Are you saying...”
“From today onward, they’re the Farwell boys whom Roxanne took away when we got divorced back then,” Lucian stated plainly. His tone was flat and impassive as if he was talking about something inconsequential.
However, Cayden was flabbergasted.
He was aware of Lucian’s feelings for Roxanne, but he never thought that Lucian would go so far as to acknowledge her children and even claim them as his own.
What in the world happened?
Before Cayden could respond, Lucian’s voice sounded again.
“| want everyone to be informed about this by tomorrow morning!”
He hung up right after.
Cayden was caught in a dilemma as he watched his phone screen go dark.
Do | really have to wake everyone in the Public Relations Department right now? In the middle of the night? Then again, it didn’t seem like he had any other choice.
Cayden called the person in charge of the Public Relations Department first before checking his social media. He wanted to search for the rumors spreading online about Lucian and Roxanne.
To his surprise, Roxanne’s name popped up right after he opened his social media.
After checking the trending posts, he finally understood why Lucian had ordered him to do such a thing.
That was the second time Roxanne was entangled in such a widespread scandal with Jack ever since her return. Moreover, the public opinion on the internet was very much against Roxanne.
Cayden finally understood that Lucian was mainly trying to protect Roxanne.
Then again, he reckoned that Lucian might have the intention to do so a long time ago.
Upon realizing Lucian’s aim, Cayden started to act more proactively.
The next morning, the public opinion on the internet did a one-eighty.
Farwell Group issued a statement in the middle of the night, stating clearly that Roxanne was the mother of the Farwell family’s daughter. Besides, her two children were also born alongside Estella. However, out of consideration of the little girl’s health issues, Roxanne decided to let the girl stay with the Farwell family and take care of the two boys alone.
The internet was abuzz with heated discussions following the statement. One netizen commented: The two boys are Lucian Farwell’s! No wonder Roxanne brought them back to the country!
Another commented: As expected, she’s the legitimate wife. For Lucian Farewell to issue an official statement on behalf of the Farewell Group, looks like they’re announcing their relationship to the public for real this time! 
###Chapter 1428
Chapter 1428
Soon, some recalled Roxanne’s previous scandal after reading the statement. One comment read: So what happened between Mr. Farwell and Aubree Pearson?
Another read: Isn’t that obvious? Aubree is the homewrecker. She was the one who faked the rumors so Roxanne would give up on Mr. Farwell!
One netizen replied: But what about Roxanne and Jack? They had been involved in two scandals. Besides, they seem to be on good terms.
Another comment read: Isn’t that obvious? They are both capable doctors. Besides, the recent medical consultations were all initiated by the Damaris family. It’s normal for them to be on good terms!
Many online users expressed their disapproval of Aubree, while the rest offered their support and blessing to Roxanne and Lucian.
Now that Roxanne and Jack’s relationship was clarified, everyone thought Roxanne and Lucian were the perfect couple.
One comment read: | heard that Roxanne had participated in various medical consultations recently. A while ago, someone ran into her at the nursing home in Jadeborough. Mr. Farwell was with her, too!
Another read: Really? Oh, Roxanne is such a kind and pretty angel. No wonder Mr. Farwell adores her! One netizen commented: Oh, | believe in love again! They must live happily ever after! The netizens’ opinions were divided.
Roxanne and Lucian became the epitome of a perfect relationship for many, while Aubree, who used to be admired for her loving bond with Lucian, faced harsh criticism after her true colors were revealed.
It was only after reading the announcement that Jack realized he and Roxanne were secretly photographed yesterday. After reading the comments praising Roxanne and Lucian’s relationship, he threw his phone to the ground in a fit of rage.
| can’t believe | didn’t discover the perfect opportunity and ended up letting Lucian beat me to it. If | knew what happened last night, | would have used it to my advantage and manipulated public opinion to sow discord between Lucian and Roxanne! At the same time, I'll also be able to win Roxanne’s heart!
Alas, it was too late now. Lucian had released the news to the public, and there was no way to turn back the clock. Jealousy filled Jack’s heart as he read the one-sided comments online, and a crazy idea soon popped up in his mind.
Even if Roxanne ended up choosing Lucian, | can figure out a way to make her stay by my side! They'd better not drive me up the wall!
Meanwhile, the boys discovered Roxanne and Jack’s scandal online once it went viral. They also saw how the netizens criticized her. Enraged, they stayed up all night, determined to stand up for Roxanne against the online haters.
At dawn, they were struggling to keep their eyes open yet still furious at the baseless speculations that had been made by those netizens about Roxanne.
Benny balled his hands into fists and asked, “Should | hack into the website and delete this post?”
| can then ban Mommy’s name online so they won't be able to discuss her anymore. That way, Mommy won't be able to see the degrading comments. No one can criticize her online anymore!
Archie’s expression was grim. “If you do that, people will only think Mommy is hiding out of guilt.” Hearing that, Benny harrumphed angrily and furrowed his brows to figure out another solution.
They were feeling helpless when they suddenly saw the notice released by Farwell Group. 
###Chapter 1429
Chapter 1429
Jonathan couldn’t get a good night’s sleep after reading the discussion online. The following morning, as soon as he woke up, he grabbed his phone to check the public’s reaction. He nearly fell out of bed after reading the statement released by Farwell Group.
Am | dreaming? I’ve been aware for a long time that Essie is Roxanne’s daughter, but what did | just read? Could it be true that the boys were born at the same time as Essie? It appears that they are the same age, and it would not be far-fetched to suggest that they were born together. Why didn’t Lucian tell me anything? If this is true, why would Lucian have to work so hard to pursue her when they could just be together as a rightful family?
Jonathan was confused. | won't be able to focus on work if | don’t get answers. With that thought in mind, he quickly washed up and drove straight to Farwell Group.
| must get answers from Lucian himself! If Lucian and Roxanne are indeed the parents of the boys, | am more than happy to present them with a generous monetary gift to commemorate the occasion. However, if that is not the case, Lucian is a lovesick fool. He accepted the boys as his own even though he isn’t their biological father. This is highly commendable.
Soon, his car rolled to a stop before Farwell Group. Jonathan hopped out of his car and strode into the building. He stepped into the elevator and happened to bump into Cayden, who had just left the PR department.
Cayden’s face appeared weary, with dark circles beneath his eyes indicating a lack of sleep. Despite his exhaustion, he managed to muster a polite smile as he greeted, “Mr. Queen.”
Jonathan was busy thinking about the discussion online, so he merely gave Cayden an absent-minded nod. However, a thought occurred to him, and he spun around to give Cayden a perplexed look.
“What's with that statement that your company released last night?”
Lucian obviously didn’t release that statement personally, so it could only be Cayden. Awave of misery washed over Cayden when he heard the statement being mentioned.
He shook his head and said, “You should ask Mr. Farwell. | was just carrying out his orders.”
Jonathan wasn’t the only one who was curious, for the employees in the PR department kept asking the same questions last night.
Cayden could only tell them he had no idea.
Fortunately, Jonathan didn’t make things difficult for him and patted his shoulder in recognition of his hard work. “Thank you for your effort.”
Cayden exhaled a sigh of relief. “I was just doing my job.”
They had only exchanged a few words when the elevator arrived at the top floor.
Jonathan waited outside for Cayden to report his arrival before he headed into Lucian’s office.
Inside, he saw Lucian seated behind his desk, his face unreadable. It was almost as if the heated debates and controversy that had been raging online had nothing to do with him.
After he walked in, Lucian spared him a look and asked calmly, “Why are you here?”
Jonathan strode over to him and plunked himself down on the chair in front of the desk. “How dare you ask me that question? | want to know if the statement Farwell Group released last night was true. Are the boys yours?”
After asking that question, he stared at Lucian unblinkingly. Lucian remained unfazed. “What do you think?” Jonathan was baffled by his indifferent reaction. Carefully, he replied, “I don’t think so.”
“They aren’t mine,” Lucian answered at the same time. 
###Chapter 1430
Chapter 1430
Jonathan's jaw dropped open in disbelief. If they aren’t his, why does he look so calm in comparison to me, who is freaking out?
“What are you thinking?” He shot Lucian an incredulous look. “If you want to help Roxanne by stopping the haters online, then you can just publicize your relationship with her and issue warning letters through your lawyer. Why would you do this?”
If it was revealed that the CEO of Farwell Group had claimed to be the biological father of his ex-wife’s children even though they were not his, no one would believe it. It sounded pretty ridiculous, but that was exactly what Lucian did.
“If | only did that, the netizens will still assume the worst about the boys’ father.” Displeasure flashed across Lucian’s eyes as he explained, “The kids are innocent. If she’s willing to marry me, it will only be a matter of time before the boys become mine, too.”
Lucian knew very well that the last thing Roxanne wanted was to drag the kids into her mess, so he was more than willing to solve the trouble for her.
He meant what he said. The only way to stop the public from making malicious assumptions about Roxanne was to clarify the boys’ background. Hearing that, Jonathan finally concluded that his friend was indeed a lovesick fool.
It looks like we've underestimated him. Lucian doesn’t fall in love easily, but when he falls in love with someone, he'll do anything for her! Wait...
Jonathan soon realized something. “Who is the father of the boys? He has never revealed himself. If he were to come across this statement...”
Lucian had made himself pretty clear through that statement. If the boys’ father discovers it, he might use the secret to threaten Farwell Group. What should we do if that happens?
Avicious look appeared in Lucian’s eyes when the man was mentioned. He knew Jonathan’s unease, for he had the same concern before releasing that statement. However, that concern paled in significance compared to Roxanne being the recipient of malicious comments.
If the boys’ biological father dared to show himself, Lucian would take the chance to make him regret abandoning Roxanne and the boys.
Asense of murderous intent hung in the air around Lucian as he contemplated the matter.
Jonathan shuddered in fear as he stared at Lucian.
In an icy voice, Lucian declared, “No matter who he is, | won't let him harm my family. I'll make him regret abandoning them!” Jonathan grew worried. “What if Roxanne regrets it?”
He didn’t make it clear what she would regret, yet they both were aware of what it was.
Roxanne had two boys with that man, so they could still have feelings for each other.
If Roxanne regretted her decision and chose to return to that man... Achill ran down Jonathan's spine when he considered that possibility.
The temperature surrounding Lucian dropped to a freezing point, but he refused to dwell on that matter. “Perhaps he’s already dead.”
Otherwise, why hasn’t he made an appearance all this while? Furthermore, Roxanne appears to be hesitant when it comes to discussing him.
Compared to the possibility that Roxanne would return to that man, Lucian would rather believe that he was dead. Jonathan was taken aback by the sight of the dark look on his friend's face, but he didn’t say anything. This matter was complicated, so he knew Lucian must've considered everything carefully before coming to a final decision.
Anything else he said would only serve to add more to Lucian’s plate. 
###Chapter 1431
Chapter 1431
Archie and Benny had barely finished reading the discussion online when Estella arrived at their door, leaving them no time to even shout for joy.
“Archie, Benny, Ms. Linda is here to give us a ride to school!” she yelled as she rapped firmly on the door to get their attention.
Estella might be staying with them, but Roxanne worked long hours recently, which meant that the little girl didn’t get to see her after waking up in the morning.
Thus, Estella was dependent on the boys for companionship, eagerly looking forward to seeing them every morning.
This morning, however, the boys were still upstairs even after Linda arrived. Hence, Estella graciously offered to go up there and fetch them.
When Archie and Benny heard Estella’s voice, they quickly closed the laptop, but they were unable to restrain the grins that were spreading across their faces.
“Why are you grinning?” Estella was confused, but that didn’t stop her from grinning along with them. Benny patted her head like an adult and replied secretively, “I won't tell you! You'll find out soon, anyway.”
| can’t believe Daddy released a statement saying we're his children! Does that mean we don’t have to keep our identities a secret from him soon?
With that thought in mind, Benny turned to look at Archie expectantly.
Archie was well aware of what Benny was thinking. Despite the broad smile on his face, he wasn’t as naive as Benny and was certain about his guess.
It looks like we're right to change our minds about Daddy. He loves Mommy dearly! | can’t believe he did that to protect Mommy. Linda drove the kids to the kindergarten.
During break time, Benny dragged Archie to the restroom to avoid Estella.
The two boys whispered in the male restroom.
“Archie, how did Daddy find out about our identities?” Benny asked innocently.
He assumed Lucian published that statement because the latter had discovered the truth about their identities.
However, after asking that question, he realized that Archie didn’t seem happy as he was. Rather, Archie seemed annoyed. Benny was baffled.
Looking at his brother’s foolishly innocent demeanor, Archie responded, “Daddy doesn’t know that we're his children yet.”
Benny furrowed his brows. “Seriously? But it must be Daddy who released that statement! If he doesn’t know, then why did he say that?”
Archie told him solemnly, “Because of Mommy!”
Benny tilted his head in confusion. “If he doesn’t explain our identities, the netizens will assume Mommy had us with another man. They will then insult her.”
Archie was indeed Lucian’s biological son, for he understood his father’s intentions like the back of his hand. “By acknowledging us as his own, Daddy is making sure that Mommy will not be subjected to the malicious words of the online community. He is doing so to protect us all from any possible hurtful remarks.”
Benny listened with his eyes wide open. It was not until he listened to the explanation given by Archie that he finally understood the situation.
He’s right. Only we, Mommy, and Aunt Madilyn know that we’re Daddy’s sons. If none of us say anything, Daddy will never find out. Daddy only did that to protect Mommy.
Even so, the boys were satisfied.
At least we can be sure that Daddy loves Mommy sincerely. They will end up together one day! | wonder if Mommy had seen the statement...
Estella, on the other hand, was confused to see the boys beaming all day. 
###Chapter 1432
Chapter 1432
The boys were exhilarated for nearly the whole day after seeing the announcement in the morning.
When night fell, Roxanne had just stepped into the house when Archie and Benny flung themselves at her in excitement. “Mommy!”
She was slightly perplexed by their gleeful demeanor. “What's going on? Did something nice happen in the kindergarten?”
As soon as she ended her sentence, she glanced at Estella and was puzzled. If something did happen in the kindergarten, why isn't Essie acting the same way as them?
Upon detecting his mother’s confusion, Archie said, “Didn’t you see the news on the internet?”
That confounded Roxanne even further. What news on the internet?
Excitedly, Benny added, “Mr. Farwell claimed that we're his children, just like Essie!”
Did | hear that right? Lucian said Archie and Benny are his children? How’s that possible? Roxanne was stunned. He could tell his mother was befuddled, so he grabbed the laptop, clicked on a public forum, and showed it to her. Farwell Group's announcement was still trending at the top of the website.
Roxanne clicked on the announcement and read its content.
When she finished perusing the announcement, she widened her eyes in shock. Lucian really did say that!
“Are we really Mr. Farwell's children, Mommy?” Benny feigned innocence as he stared at his mother, pretending he had no clue about his background.
If Mommy says yes, then we'll be able to call him “Daddy” in the future! The little boy was over the moon at the thought of that possibility. Roxanne looked away, avoiding her son’s gaze. “There’s a reason for him to say that.”
She was indirectly answering in the negative.
Disappointment surfaced in Benny’s eyes as he asked, “If that’s not the case, why did he say that?”
Her line of sight landed on the screen again. After seeing that announcement and the netizens’ comments, I’m absolutely certain Lucian doesn’t know the boys’ actual background. Otherwise, he would've demanded an explanation from me, which he didn’t. | have a pretty good guess as to why he said that, though. He just wanted to protect my reputation after seeing unsavory remarks about me. Still, I'm shocked he’s willing to do this for my sake.
Roxanne had to admit that when Benny asked her that question, she felt the urge to reveal the whole truth to him. However, this matter had stayed hidden as a secret for so many years that she was afraid to tell him the truth. She didn’t know if the boys would blame her when they learned the truth. Also, she had no idea whether Lucian would reprimand her for selfishly keeping this a secret all these years.
“Okay then.” Since his mother didn’t want to talk about the matter, Benny sensibly changed the topic instead of pressing on. “Mr. Farwell's saying that because he wants to help you, right?”
Awide, innocent smile returned to his face.
When Roxanne met his eyes, she nodded while wearing a complicated expression, for she couldn’t bear to disappoint the boy by shaking her head in denial again.
His smile grew even more sincere. “Mr. Farwell treats you well, Mommy! It will be so nice if he’s our daddy. You should accept his proposal, Mommy!” 
###Chapter 1433
Chapter 1433
Roxanne was moved when she heard Benny’s sincere words, and she began to waver.
Lucian had already laid the groundwork. If Roxanne took the chance and told him the real identities of Archie and Benny, they could let things fall into place and be together. That way, they could also provide the three kids with a complete, happy family.
“Mommy, what are you guys talking about?” Having been neglected by the trio for quite a while, Estella approached them unhappily.
Roxanne snapped out of her thoughts at the girl’s voice. She reached out and pulled Estella into her embrace, asking, “Essie, do you want Daddy and | to live together?”
She seemed to be implying that she was ready to say yes to Lucian. Immediately, the three children’s eyes lit up.
Archie and Benny turned to Estella, who nodded firmly and answered in a childish voice, “Yes! | want Daddy and you to be together!”
The look in Roxanne’s eyes softened following Estella’s words. “Then—”
Before Roxanne could suggest that they should just live together, the doorbell to the mansion sounded.
Perhaps it was because she just read the announcement, Roxanne had a feeling it was Lucian who rang the doorbell. He did something like that to protect me. Of course he’ll come and claim the credit.
At that thought, Roxanne stood up and walked toward the door, her countenance looking a bit complex.
She had made up her mind. If it was really Lucian at the door, then she would confess the two boys’ identities and accept his proposal.
With that resolve in mind, Roxanne felt somehow nervous when she opened the door. Yet the moment she saw the person standing before her, her face stiffened.
The hopeful feeling she had was replaced with exasperation.
Roxanne had yet to adjust her expression when the person at the door spoke first.
“It's late already. Are you not going to invite me inside, Ms. Jarvis?” questioned Sonya contemptuously as she stood there and looked at Roxanne with arrogance.
Coming back to her senses, Roxanne frowned and remained silent for a while before stepping aside.
Sonya strode in unceremoniously. At the sight of the three children beside the couch, she shot Archie and Benny a disdainful look. Then, she stretched out her arms at Estella.
“Essie, come to Grandma.” Wordlessly, Estella took a few steps backward and hid behind Archie and Benny.
Meanwhile, the two boys couldn't help but feel dejected when they saw the way Sonya looked at them.
Although Lucian had acknowledged them as his sons, it seemed like Sonya still couldn’t accept them and even despised them.
When Roxanne came in after Sonya and saw the latter’s attitude toward the boys, her face turned grim. “Mrs. Farwell, you can just talk to me if there is any problem.”
Turning to the children, Roxanne instructed, “Archie, Benny, bring Essie upstairs first.”
They nodded obediently and turned around to head for the stairs, but Sonya’s voice echoed behind them just then. “Stop right there.”
Sonya glanced at Roxanne coldly and stated, “I have nothing to say to you. I’m here to bring my granddaughter home.”
Raising her voice, Sonya went on, “Come here, Essie. | came all the way here at this time of the night just to fetch you. Don’t make me sad!” She refused to take no for an answer.
Estella stopped in her tracks and turned back to look at Roxanne and then at the scowling Sonya. Without a word, she moved to Roxanne’s side and grabbed the hem of the woman’s shirt.
In response, Roxanne took Estella’s hand in reassurance. She began to regret letting Sonya in. 
###Chapter 1434
Chapter 1434
Originally, Sonya did not intend to cause trouble for Roxanne at such an hour.
Yet she did not expect her son to release such a shocking announcement on the internet, and she only found out while she was having dinner.
Sonya was so incensed that she didn’t even finish dinner. After throwing her cutleries in a rage, she set off and drove to Roxanne’s house.
She was determined to make Lucian and Estella cut ties with Roxanne as soon as possible. Now that Sonya saw how dependent Estella was on Roxanne, her anger was further fueled. “Roxanne Jarvis, give me back my granddaughter,” she uttered frostily as if Roxanne had snatched Estella away from her.
Sensing Estella’s nervousness, Roxanne gripped the former’s hand to soothe her anxiety. Next, Roxanne lifted her head to face the woman opposite her.
If this had happened in the past, Roxanne might not know how to respond to a demand like this.
However, things were different now. She was Estella’s mother, so she had the right to keep Estella by her side and the confidence to face the unreasonable Sonya.
“Essie is my daughter who was separated from me for years. It’s only right that she stays by my side. What are you trying to do, Mrs. Farwell?”
Roxanne maintained eye contact with Sonya, showing no intention of backing down.
Her words caused Sonya’s expression to change. “So you're aware that you’re Essie’s mother? Then where were you all these years? It was the Farwell family who put in so much effort to raise her. What did you do? You proclaimed that you’re her mother right after coming back and took her away from the Farwell family. Have you ever considered our feelings?”
Sonya spoke as if she was doing this solely for the sake of Estella. Feeling a pang of guilt, Roxanne looked down at Estella apologetically.
The girl sensed her gaze and raised her head to flash Roxanne a bright grin. She showed no signs of resentment toward Roxanne as her eyes shone with a look of reliance.
That made Roxanne regain her confidence. She met Sonya’s eyes firmly and uttered, “That’s why | need to spend more time with Essie to make up for all those years | missed out on.”
The air of hostility around Sonya grew at that.
Roxanne continued calmly, “If, like what you said, you put in a lot of effort and raised Essie, then her bond with you won't change no matter how long she stays by my side. You don’t have to worry about that.”
“If you really want me to stop worrying, then give Essie back! Just because you're her mother doesn’t mean I'll allow you to join the Farwell family!” snapped Sonya with a steely look.
As she said that, she even stepped forward in an attempt to grab Estella.
Roxanne stepped sideways and shielded Estella. With an icy expression, she voiced, “If that’s the case, we should listen to Essie and respect her decision.”
She turned around and looked at Estella. “Essie, do you want to go back with Grandma?”
Estella shook her head without a second thought.
She had gone through so much to finally be with her mother. It was only natural that she did not want to part with Roxanne.
When Sonya saw how Estella rejected her without hesitating at all, her face turned grimmer than ever. She accused, “Who knows? Maybe you told her something while she was with you all this time.”
After glowering at Archie and Benny once again, Sonya added, “What if Essie spends too much time with you and becomes like these two b’*stards under your care?”
Immediately, Roxanne’s countenance darkened instantly. “Please watch your attitude toward the kids. They can understand what you're saying!” she warned, a forbidding aura surrounding her. 
###Chapter 1435
Chapter 1435
Sonya gazed at Roxanne, finding the latter different from usual. She seems... fiercer.
Realizing that, Sonya scowled. “How dare you talk to me like that? Do you really think you’ve become Lucian’s wife just because he posted that statement on the internet today?”
Roxanne responded curtly, “I never thought that way. I’m just telling you the truth. If you think my words are too harsh, why didn’t you wonder if you’ve gone a little too far?”
There was nothing wrong with her words, but her tone was sharp.
Sonya’s face contorted with anger, and she lowered her head to glance at Archie and Benny, who eyed her with hostile gazes. The boys truly hoped Sonya could accept them, but they were displeased to hear the way she talked about them.
Moreover, it was obvious that Sonya was bullying Roxanne—all the more reason for them to glower at her.
However, Sonya’s anger only spiked further when she met the boys’ gazes. “Did | say something wrong? | really don’t understand what’s wrong with Lucian. How could he make an announcement saying these two are his?”
Now that Sonya had directed her malice at them, both Archie and Benny’s blood boiled, so much so that they almost pounced on her and attacked her.
Regardless, their expressions only made Sonya dislike them more. “How could these uneducated children be part of the Farwell family? Who knows? They might be products of your entanglement with another random man. The audacity of you to even attempt to make them heirs of the Farwell family? You're delusional!”
At that point, Roxanne had forgotten all about being polite. “Mrs. Farwell! Essie, Archie, and Benny are my children. Even if they don’t get to live in the Farwell residence, I'll still provide them with a comfortable life. Don’t worry. We don’t want a single cent from the Farwell family!”
Sonya scoffed, “Who do you think you are? What makes you think you can do that?” As soon as she finished, Benny piped up, “We don’t want Mr. Farwell’s money! If we need money, we can earn it on our own!” However, Sonya felt as if she had heard a joke.
These six-year-old kids are so full of themselves. They’re actually telling me they can earn money on their own! Hah! They're willing to say anything just to be accepted into the Farwell family.
Sonya could not be bothered to argue with them, so she uttered coldly, “Il applaud your courage and integrity for saying that. Since you've said so, you’d better not use Essie’s name as an excuse to live with Lucian.”
In other words, she believed they would use Estella as their stepping stone to earn themselves a place in the Farwell family. Roxanne was so close to landing a tight slap on Sonya’s face, but she put a lid on her anger. “That was never my intention! And
please stop assuming the worst of my children. If you don’t plan to communicate properly, then please go home. We don’t welcome people who can't talk politely.”
Sonya sneered, “I’m not here to communicate with you, anyway. Sure, | can leave, but Essie has to come home with me.”
The tension between the two adults filled Estella with panic and fear. The moment she heard Sonya’s words, her face turned red, and she said tearfully, “I don’t want to! | want to be with Mommy!”
Sonya’s face purpled with rage. “You'll have a better mommy in the future!” Still, Estella kept shaking her head. “No! | just want Mommy!”
Roxanne’s heart ached as she pulled the little girl into her embrace. “If you want to take Essie away, then please give Lucian a call. | won’t say anything if he agrees,” she said to Sonya. 
###Chapter 1436
Chapter 1436
“It was Lucian who let Essie stay with me. So, if you want to take her away, you'll have to get his consent first,” Roxanne emphasized without a change in her expression.
The little girl in her embrace immediately chimed in, “I'll do what Daddy says!” As Sonya watched the mother and daughter duo presenting a united front, she felt her temples throb. After all, her son had already made such a statement. The answer she would get could not be more obvious if she made the call.
Roxanne’s saying that because she has no plans to let me take my granddaughter away! Most importantly, my son is siding with her. Ugh! | can’t do anything about it.
After waiting for some time and seeing that Sonya didn’t take any action, Roxanne said, “If you don’t want to make the call, then please leave now. It’s getting late, and the children are hungry. | don’t have the energy to prepare another person’s portion.”
With that, Roxanne put Estella down and gestured for the boys to take Estella upstairs.
Once the children had gone upstairs, Roxanne said, “Do as you please then.”
Without waiting for Sonya’s reply, Roxanne marched into the kitchen, completely ignoring the former. Just like that, Sonya was left alone in the living room.
Glaring at the figure busy cooking in the kitchen, Sonya took a deep breath and hissed a warning, “Don’t you dare think you can be a part of the Farwell family just because Lucian and Essie like you. It won’t happen as long as I’m alive. Dream on!”
With that, she stormed out of the house in a huff. Roxanne had her back facing Sonya the entire time. Though she looked calm on the outside, deep down, she was tense. When she heard Sonya leave, she breathed a sigh of relief inwardly.
It was an ugly argument, but Sonya’s appearance had reminded Roxanne that it was still not time for her to reveal the truth just yet.
Sonya’s hostility toward the boys was obvious.
Even when Lucian had already declared to the public that the boys were his, Sonya still regarded the announcement as fake news without even bothering to clarify.
It was clear that she had never accepted Archie and Benny.
Even worse, the two boys weren't even considered decent children in her eyes.
That was all because of Roxanne’s sudden departure back then, which gave Sonya a bad first impression. With that thought in mind, Roxanne felt incredibly apologetic.
In fact, she began to regret not dealing with the situation properly.
| should've been more humble. After all, | wanted her to accept the boys.
Still, Roxanne could not think of another way to deal with Sonya when the latter kept pushing them into a corner.
Meanwhile, the children had been hanging out on the balcony the entire time. The second they saw Sonya’s car leave, they ran downstairs and approached Roxanne.
“Mommy, are you okay?”
Roxanne recollected herself and sighed inwardly before forcing a smile and patting their heads. “I’m all right. Did | give you guys a fright just now?”
However, the children shook their heads and said indignantly, “Nope. We're just frustrated.” Archie and Benny then cast her a serious gaze. “We want to protect you!”
Roxanne was so moved that she pulled them into her arms. “Thank you, Darlings. Please don’t take Grandma's words seriously, okay? You're all my precious darlings.”
Nodding obediently, they responded, “We know. You're the best mommy on earth, too!”
The fact that they were so understanding made Roxanne feel sorry for them and at the same time guilty. She could not resist hugging them tighter. 
###Chapter 1437
Chapter 1437
Meanwhile, in the mansion on the outskirts, Aubree, too, saw the discussion on the internet. Her hand that held the phone trembled with anger when she saw the statement made by Farwell Group.
Aubree could tell Lucian was basically informing the public of his relationship with Roxanne. In fact, he was close to revealing their marriage certificate.
At the same time, he was also responding to Roxanne and Jack’s scandal, announcing to the world that Roxanne was his.
Lucian never announced our engagement in the past, no matter how subservient | behaved. And now, that b*tch made him do it so easily? And what's with those two b*stards?
Aubree did not believe they were Lucian’s children, nor did she believe Lucian would acknowledge the identities of two illegitimate children just to protect Roxanne’s reputation.
In the eyes of bystanders who were unaware of the truth, they might think that Lucian and Roxanne shared a loving bond. However, those who knew them personally would think that Lucian had cheated on Aubree.
How could he do this?
No matter what the possibility was, Aubree refused to believe it.
Instead, she took out her phone to call Frieda for verification.
Similarly, Frieda was shocked when she learned about the truth from Jonathan and realized how important Roxanne was to Lucian.
Hence, Frieda was even more determined to stay away from Aubree. Before she could even come up with an idea, Aubree called. Frieda answered it reluctantly, hoping Aubree was only calling to ask for money.
If that was the case, Frieda could still fork out some. However, she would be at a loss for what to do if Aubree threatened her to harm Roxanne.
After reading Farwell Group’s statement in the morning, there was no way Frieda would foolishly offend Lucian by messing with Roxanne again.
Unfortunately, Aubree still had dirt on Frieda, and the latter had no right to say no to Aubree. Frieda was already uneasy before Aubree even uttered a word. She even took the initiative to ask, “How much more money do you need, Aubree?”
When she finished speaking, Aubree’s icy voice came through the phone speakers. “What's with the news on the internet? Are the two b*stards really Lucian’s children?”
Even though they were only talking on the phone, Frieda could imagine Aubree’s furious expression from the latter’s tone. She could also imagine Aubree’s reaction after she had given her answer.
Hence, she gulped nervously as she racked her brain for a response that would not anger the person on the other end of the line.
Before she could even think of an answer, Aubree made a guess.
“It’s not true, isn’t it?” Aubree hissed.
Frieda’s heart clenched. “Aubree, please calm down—”
Regardless, Aubree cut her off, “How am | supposed to calm down? I’m going to lose my mind from jealousy! What's so great about that b*tch? How is she able to make Lucian go to such lengths for her?”
Her words rendered Frieda speechless.
Nonetheless, Frieda could only pray and hope she would not be implicated because of Aubree’s anger. Thankfully, Aubree only spat out a few curses and ended the call.
Frieda sighed a breath of relief when she saw the phone screen darken.
Meanwhile, the more Aubree thought about it, the more frustrated she felt.
She scrolled through the phone for some time. Suddenly, her eyes gleamed, and she dialed the number at the bottom of her contacts list. 
###Chapter 1438
Chapter 1438
News about the Farwell family’s two additional young heirs, who were given birth by Lucian’s ex-wife, caused an uproar in Horington.
Of course, the journalists took action almost immediately. No one knew how they got the information, but they found and swarmed around Roxanne’s research institute and mansion.
Roxanne was still asleep when she received a call from Linda telling her not to leave the house that day. When Roxanne received that call, she was still in a daze.
However, the moment she got out of bed and saw the crowd outside, she panicked.
The crowd was clearly there because of Farwell Group's statement yesterday.
Noticing her room’s curtains were pulled open, the crowd downstairs hurriedly focused their cameras in the direction of her room window and began snapping pictures.
Shocked, Roxanne hastily drew her curtains.
At the same time, her phone rang again.
She grabbed it to take a glance, only to see it was from an unknown number.
Suspicious, she answered it. The person on the other end of the phone asked, “Is this Ms. Jarvis? You and Mr. Farwell—” Before the caller could finish his sentence, Roxanne hung up with rage swelling in her heart.
How on earth did they find my number and address? Are journalists so well-informed these days?
Just as Roxanne was feeling shocked and annoyed, Estella woke up in a daze.
She was happy to see Roxanne still in the room. With a smile, she stretched out her arms and said, “Mommy, | want a hug!”
Hence, Roxanne recollected herself and picked the girl up. As soon as she caught the latter’s scent, she was instantly relieved of her frustration.
Nonetheless, Estella seemed to sense Roxanne was in a bad mood. She caressed the latter’s face with concern. “Mommy, what's wrong?”
Smiling, Roxanne reassured, “It’s nothing. Come on. Let’s get you washed up.”
Estella nodded and crawled into Roxanne’s arms, curling up into a ball.
The weight in Roxanne’s arms helped her calm down completely.
After all, she had to stay calm since the children were at home. If not, they might get a fright.
When Roxanne finished helping Estella wash up, she opened the room door, wanting to go down to prepare breakfast.
The moment she opened it, she saw Archie and Benny standing at the door.
Archie looked up at his mother, his expression tense. “Mommy, who are those people downstairs? Did Mrs. Farwell send them?”
That was their first time seeing such a scene.
Moreover, Sonya paid a visit yesterday. Naturally, they thought it was her doing.
Roxanne patted their heads to reassure them. “I don’t think so. Anyway, you two better not go out today. I'll inform your teacher about this.”
It was impossible for the children to go out when such a crowd was encircling the house.
The boys nodded. Their gazes were filled with wariness as they eyed the people outside who looked like they would barge in anytime.
In fact, the boys were already thinking of ways to protect Roxanne if they actually barged into the house.
In the meantime, Madilyn had just returned and saw the journalists swarming outside Roxanne’s house.
She had been busy dealing with a major operation for the past few days and was unaware of the news that was spreading. The first thing that came to her mind when she saw the crowd was that a medical accident had happened.
As a doctor herself, Madilyn knew how much fuss a medical accident could cause.
At that thought, she hurriedly pulled out her phone to get to the bottom of it. Instead of finding news about her best friend being involved in a medical incident, she found the latter’s scandals. 
###Chapter 1439
Chapter 1439
Madilyn’s eyes went wide when she saw the announcement made by Farwell Group. What happened during the few days that | was away? Does Lucian know about Archie and Benny's true identities?
After taking a look at her phone and the journalists crowded in front of her, she began to understand why the journalists had gotten so worked up.
There are two new members in the Farwell family all of a sudden, so | can see why these journalists are freaking out. Honestly, even I’m a little shocked myself!
Whatever tiredness Madilyn had was completely gone at that point. With a frown on her face, she quickly gave Roxanne a call. However, all she heard was a robotic voice that said, “The number you have dialed is currently busy. Please try again later.” She tried calling a few more times, but the outcome was the same.
Eventually, Madilyn put the phone aside in frustration and walked up to the crowd. She wanted to squeeze past the journalists and confront Roxanne about the situation, but she was no match for the journalists at all.
After a few failed attempts that resulted in her nearly being stepped on, Madilyn gave up and returned to the car.
| may not be able to see Roxanne right now, but | should at least be able to see Lucian. The fate of my godsons and my bestie are at stake here, so | absolutely need to get some answers!
With that in mind, Madilyn floored the accelerator and sped away from the mansion gate. She got even angrier when she arrived at Farwell Group and saw no journalists outside the building.
Farwell Group was the one who made that announcement, so shouldn't the journalists be coming after Lucian for answers instead? Why are they swarming Roxanne and her kids? Are journalists these days cowardly pieces of trash who pick on the weak and fear the strong?
Madilyn was fuming when she stormed through the office building’s entrance.
She was about to go upstairs when the receptionist at the front desk stopped her. “I’m sorry, but you will need to wait here if you don’t have an appointment.”
The receptionist had a conflicted look on her face when she found out that Madilyn was here to see Lucian. It took Madilyn every ounce of willpower she had to keep herself from lashing out on the spot.
After taking a deep breath to calm herself down, she asked, “It was Farwell Group that made that announcement online, right? You know who Roxanne Jarvis is, don’t you? Well, I’m her best friend, and I’m here to speak to her ex-husband! Why would you need me to make an appointment for that?”
The receptionist had nothing to say in response, but she didn’t dare let Madilyn upstairs either.
Tension was starting to rise between them as they continued staring each other down.
Eventually, Cayden showed up and helped get the receptionist out of that awkward situation.
Madilyn had seen Lucian’s assistant before, so she was able to recognize him instantly. “Cayden!”
As Cayden was acting upon Lucian’s orders to help Roxanne out at the time, all he did was pause in his tracks to glance at Madilyn.
Huh? Who is this woman? She looks kind of familiar...
Madilyn then ran up to him, grabbed him by the collar, and dragged him toward the elevator. “Take me to Lucian right now!” Cayden was still trying to recall who Madilyn was, so her actions caught him completely off guard.
By the time he snapped out of his dazed state, the elevator was already on its way up.
Having recalled that Madilyn was Roxanne’s best friend, Cayden asked politely, “May | know the reason you would like to see Mr. Farwell, Ms. Xander?”
“To confront him about what happened to Roxanne, duh! Why else would | even want to see him?” Madilyn replied angrily as she stormed out of the elevator.
Not only did that scumbag hurt Roxanne badly in the past, but he also has the audacity to pester her after she returned from overseas!
Cayden was so intimidated by her that he simply kept quiet and followed behind her as she walked up to Lucian’s office.
Madilyn opened the door and barged right in without even knocking. 
###Chapter 1440
Chapter 1440
Lucian had a gloomy look on his face as he stared at the screen of his computer.
He was looking at a video of the journalists swarming Roxanne’s house and the research institute. Lucian did not expect his actions to cause Roxanne so much trouble.
He was snapped out of his train of thought when the door to his office opened all of a sudden.
Lucian looked up at the door in displeasure. He was about to say something when Madilyn yelled, “Get over here, Lucian! You owe me an explanation for the announcement online!”
She then walked up to Lucian and slammed both hands down on his desk while glaring daggers at him. Lucian frowned slightly as he stared back at her in confusion.
After taking a few seconds to recall that Madilyn was Roxanne’s best friend, he suppressed his anger and politely motioned for her to sit down. “Please have a seat.”
Naturally, Madilyn was not in the mood to sit down at that moment. “No, you explain this to me first! Since when have my godsons become your sons?”
She actually meant to ask Lucian when he found out about their true identities and how he won Roxanne’s heart over. However, Lucian’s response caught her off guard and left her speechless.
“They may not be my biological children, but it’s only a matter of time before they address me as their father. | will treat them as my own, so you don’t have to worry about a thing,” he said patiently while massaging his aching forehead.
Madilyn froze.
Huh? What does he mean by that? Does he still not know Archie and Benny are actually his children? Then, what's with the announcement from Farwell Group...
That was when Madilyn recalled the search results when she looked up Roxanne’s name online. Most of them were questioning Roxanne’s relationship with Jack and the true identities of Archie and Benny. Did Lucian make that announcement just to protect them?
Madilyn felt slightly better at the thought of that, but she wasn’t about to let Lucian off the hook that easily. “What about the journalists gathered outside Roxanne’s house, then? What do you plan on doing about them?”
After all, Lucian was the reason those journalists were there.
Instead of answering her question, Lucian simply shot Cayden a glance in response.
Cayden had a conflicted look on his face as he said, “I’ve already given the press a warning, but they...”
There was no way the media would sit around and do nothing after Farwell Group made such a shocking announcement. It was only natural that the journalists would be fighting to get a scoop.
Nobody was willing to give up on that golden opportunity, and that mentality resulted in the crowd of journalists getting bigger and bigger over time.
There was nothing Cayden could do about it at that point.
Madilyn and Lucian understood what he was trying to say even though he didn’t finish his sentence.
“What will Roxanne and the kids do? They can’t just stay home forever!” she exclaimed anxiously.
“I'll go pick them up,” Lucian replied with a grim expression as he stood up and grabbed his coat.
After taking a moment to recover from their shock, Madilyn and Cayden quickly stepped in front of him to stop him.
“Those journalists just want an answer, be it from me or Roxanne. They'll leave once they get it,” Lucian said while staring at them with a straight face.
Cayden knew he couldn’t let Lucian do that, but he didn’t know how to talk the latter out of it, so he decided to let Madilyn do the talking.
“Do you really think an answer is all they want? Roxanne is the main focus of this incident, so they'd still continue to pester her even if you showed up!” Madilyn exclaimed. 
###Chapter 1441
Chapter 1441
It wasn’t until Lucian heard Madilyn’s words that he realized her point and stopped in his tracks.
“This whole incident might just blow over if you don’t show up, but it will definitely worsen if you make an appearance. If that happens, they might even swarm Farwell Group along with Roxanne’s house!” Madilyn reminded him.
She knew the mentality of those journalists all too well.
Lucian clenched his fists so tightly that his veins were bulging from underneath his skin. “What should | do, then?” he asked while trying to suppress his anger.
| wouldn't have acted so impulsively if | knew this would happen!
Madilyn rolled her eyes at him in response. Why is he asking us for a solution when he’s the one who caused all this? “Mr. Farwell, how about we send someone over to get Mrs. Farwell out of there?” Cayden suggested cautiously. “How are you going to do that? There are so many journalists around!” Madilyn snapped at him.
Cayden fell silent and flashed her an awkward look in response.
“If you don’t send enough men over, you might not be able to get through the huge crowd of journalists. If you send a lot of men over, people are going to say Farwell Group is throwing its weight around,” Madilyn continued.
She knew all the dirty tricks that the press would use.
“Do you have any bright ideas, then?” Cayden asked as he had run out of ideas at that point. “Hmm... Let me think...” Madilyn replied while stroking her chin.
The two of them then lowered their heads and racked their brains for an idea.
With a frown on his face, Lucian whipped out his phone and tried giving Roxanne a call. However, her line remained busy no matter how many times he tried.
“Don't bother calling her. | tried to do so earlier as well, but her line has been busy the entire time. | bet those journalists are bombarding her with calls as well,” Madilyn said.
Sure enough, Roxanne’s phone had been switched off when Lucian tried calling again.
She must have switched it off because she couldn’t stand those journalists calling her. | can’t believe | caused her so much trouble...
Right as Lucian was starting to regret his actions, he saw his chat room with Benny and realized he had another option. The frown on his face eased up significantly as he tried calling Benny's number.
Those journalists may have obtained Roxanne’s number, but there’s no way they could get the kids’ numbers!
The call got through after a few seconds, and Benny could be heard greeting him excitedly on the other line.
“Hi, Mr. Farwell! There are lots of people outside our house, and we can’t seem to get out at all! Could you come pick us up?” Benny was leaning against the window and staring at the journalists outside the house.
Madilyn and Cayden froze in shock when they heard Benny’s voice.
“Don't worry; I'll figure something out and get you all out of there,” Lucian comforted him with an apologetic look in his eyes.
He then added after a brief pause, “Could you pass the phone over to your mommy? There’s something | need to speak to her about.”
“Okay!” Benny replied in an adorable voice as he hopped off the couch and handed Roxanne the watch. Roxanne had a conflicted look in her eyes.
The kids may not be aware of it, but | know the journalists are here because of Lucian, and I’m sure he knows it as well. He must be calling to apologize or something. For some reason, hearing Benny address him on the phone set my anxious heart at ease. It's as though | have stumbled upon a lifeboat while drifting around at sea... 
###Chapter 1442
Chapter 1442
“How are things over there? I’m sorry for what happened. | acted without thinking about the consequences.” “How are things over there? I’m sorry for what happened. | acted without thinking about the consequences.”
Roxanne heard Lucian apologizing the moment she answered the call.
The kids were leaning on her thighs and staring at her as they waited to hear Lucian’s response. However, Roxanne simply patted them on the head and made her way into the kitchen. Realizing that she wanted to speak to Lucian in private, the kids knew better than to follow her.
After finding a quiet spot in the kitchen, Roxanne lowered her voice to a whisper as she said, “I know you did it to protect us, but that announcement was a little too sudden. Besides, Archie and Benny—”
Lucian cut her off, “It was my idea. Archie and Benny are going to become my children eventually anyway, so | figured | would grant them that identity right away.”
That was one of the reasons he made that announcement.
A lot of people would surely gossip about Roxanne when she married into the Farwell family with Archie and Benny. Since nobody would dare investigate the Farwell family, Lucian decided to announce that they were his kids. Roxanne found herself wavering a little when she heard that.
Instead of waiting for her to respond, Lucian continued, “Are the kids scared?”
Roxanne nodded. “It’s the first time they've seen something like this. | told them to stay indoors, though. As bold as those journalists may be, they wouldn’t dare force their way into the house. As long as we don’t step out the door, they won't be able to do anything to us.”
“I'm the reason this whole thing happened, so I'll figure out a solution as soon as possible,” Lucian said after a brief pause.
Noticing the self-blame in his voice, Roxanne comforted him, “I know you meant well. We'll be fine as long as we remain indoors, so you don’t have to worry too much about us. Things are only going to get worse if Farwell Group makes another appearance now. I'll try to solve this on my own.”
Madilyn shouted at her in the background, “Hang in there, Roxanne! I'll come save you right away!” Roxanne froze when she heard that. “Madilyn? What are you...” What is she doing with Lucian?
Lucian turned to look at Madilyn, who was standing next to him, as he explained, “She barged into my office demanding an explanation.”
Knowing how aggressive Madilyn could be and from the way Lucian worded that sentence, Roxanne couldn't help but feel as though he was telling on Madilyn.
As though she were trying to calm an angry child down, Roxanne said in a gentle voice, “Madilyn is a little hot-tempered, so please don’t take her words to heart. She’s just worried about me and the boys.”
Lucian simply remained silent after hearing that.
“Oh, | have an idea!” Madilyn exclaimed while slamming her fist into her palm.
She then snatched the phone over and said, “Hang in there, Roxanne! I'll come pick you up right now, so just stay where you are!”
Madilyn hung up the phone before Roxanne could even respond, much to Lucian’s displeasure. The look in Lucian’s eyes grew increasingly colder as he glared at Madilyn. Even Cayden was getting a little nervous as he watched from the side.
Did Ms. Xander just end the call between Mr. Farwell and Mrs. Farwell without his permission? | sure hope she has come up with a good idea to get Mrs. Farwell out of there...
As Madilyn had thought of a great idea, she ignored their expressions and began explaining her plan. 
###Chapter 1443
Chapter 1443
“Mommy, is Mr. Farwell coming to pick us up?” Benny shot her a look of anticipation. “Mommy, is Mr. Farwell coming to pick us up?” Benny shot her a look of anticipation.
The children had gathered around Roxanne when they saw her emerge from the kitchen.
After returning the watch to her son, Roxanne reassured her children, “Mr. Farwell is thinking of a solution too. Don’t worry. As long as I’m around, | won't let them enter.”
As he put his watch back on, Benny looked at his mother earnestly. “Don’t be afraid, Mommy. Archie and | will protect you and Essie!”
Roxanne kissed his forehead with a smile. “Thank you, boys.”
After leading them upstairs, Roxanne peeked out the window to look at the swarm of reporters. What greeted her was a sight that filled her eyes with concern.
Before ending the call, Madilyn mentioned that she had a plan but didn’t explain the details.
Worried that Madilyn would get herself in trouble again, Roxanne hoped to come up with a solution before the former did anything impulsive.
With that, Roxanne fell into deep thought.
All of a sudden, Benny looked up at the sky and gave her sleeve a tug. “Mommy, look out there!”
Roxanne quickly regained her senses and followed the trajectory of her son’s finger.
Up in the sky, she saw a helicopter flying slowly toward their house.
Staring at it, she wondered if she was seeing things.
Nevertheless, the helicopter continued on its path and even seemed to be descending as if it was going to land nearby. Roxanne couldn't help but be shocked by the scene.
As it was the first time the children saw a helicopter with their own eyes, all of them cheered in excitement.
“It must be Mr. Farwell coming to pick us up!” Benny's eyes glistened as he stared at the approaching helicopter outside the window. He was filled with the urge to rush outside to welcome it.
As for Archie, he watched the helicopter intently, secretly vowing to buy one with his own effort in the future. No, I'll buy an even bigger one!
The baffled Estella clung tightly to Roxanne’s sleeve. She tilted her head to look at the helicopter outside before returning her gaze to the boys and their contrasting reactions.
After hugging Estella in her arms to comfort her, Roxanne turned her attention toward the ground floor.
The closer the helicopter flew, the louder its rotors were.
Noticing the commotion above their heads, the reporters looked up at the sky one by one.
At the sight of the helicopter descending right above them, they quickly backed off when they felt the pressure of the swirling rotors against their skin.
“Mr. Farwell! It has to be Mr. Farwell!” someone in the crowd yelled.
Upon realizing what was going on, the reporters began snapping photos of the helicopter furiously.
Finally, the helicopter hovered in place upon reaching the same level as the balcony.
With her brows slightly furrowed, Roxanne got to her feet to get a closer look together with the children.
This must be part of Madilyn’s plan. | wonder where she’s going with this.
When they arrived at the balcony, they could see the helicopter hovering a single step away. The next moment, its door opened slowly.
Standing there was a smiling Madilyn, who waved excitedly at them. “Archie, Benny, I'm here to pick you up! Do | look cool or what?”
The sight brought a sparkle to the children’s eyes as they exclaimed, “You’re awesome, Aunt Madilyn!” 
###Chapter 1444
Chapter 1444
Meanwhile, Roxanne was still lost in a daze. “Madilyn, what...” Meanwhile, Roxanne was still lost in a daze. “Madilyn, what...”
Cocking a brow, Madilyn stepped aside to usher them in. “Come onboard. I'm here to pick you up.” Roxanne was blown away by the words.
Is she asking us to get in the helicopter and leave just like that? We might be able to escape this time, but what about when the reporters come for us again?
When she saw Roxanne remaining motionless, the puzzled Madilyn urged her, “Hurry up! What are you still hesitating for? Whatever concerns you have, we'll discuss it on board.”
She extended her hand while speaking. With the helicopter hovering right before her eyes, Roxanne realized that Madilyn’s effort would go to waste if she didn’t get on.
Holding that thought, Roxanne took the latter’s hand. Given how close the helicopter was, all she needed to do was take a step forward to board it.
After carrying Estella over, Roxanne turned around to do the same with the boys. Little did she expect them to be raring to go. Reciprocating their enthusiasm, Madilyn grabbed the boys with one hand each and pulled them over.
Roxanne, who initially assumed they would be afraid, was surprised to see the excitement on their faces. Once they got on board, they scrutinized every inch of the helicopter curiously. It was as if they had forgotten the reason they were on it.
Since they were not showing any fear, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief.
While the helicopter gradually ascended into the sky, Madilyn stood courageously by the cabin door, whetting the reporters’ appetite for pictures. She even gave them a delighted wave as if she was bidding them farewell.
“What are you doing? Come back in here. It’s dangerous!”
Roxanne couldn't help but gasp at Madilyn’s actions.
It wasn’t until the helicopter was out of the reporters’ sight that the latter closed the cabin door reluctantly.
“Is this the plan you came up with?”
Roxanne looked at her in disbelief.
She felt that the method was too dramatic and didn’t solve the fundamental problem.
If the reporters were persistent in their pursuit, the helicopter would only help them to escape that one time.
Madilyn patted Roxanne on the shoulder to comfort her. “Don’t worry. There’s more to my plan than just picking you up.”
Roxanne threw her friend a resigned look.
| wonder how a doctor like her gets all these outrageous ideas.
“To be honest, | was swamped with work the past few days. It wasn’t until this morning that | saw the news on the internet. The fact that he has publicly declared all the children to be his has changed my perception of him,” Madilyn lamented.
Even though she knew Archie and Benny were Lucian’s children, Lucian didn’t.
For a rich and powerful man like him to acknowledge another man’s children as his own, he must love Roxanne a lot! Now that Lucian had proven himself, Madilyn felt that she could strike his name off her list of jerks.
That said, she still needed time to consider whether she could hand over her best friend to him.
Upon hearing Madilyn’s words, Roxanne felt her eyes twitch slightly, causing her to avoid Madilyn’s teasing gaze out of embarrassment.
Nevertheless, Madilyn continued, “When | requested a helicopter from him, he provided one without hesitation. He’s such a rich and generous man. Also...”
Pausing briefly, Madilyn leaned toward Roxanne’s ear with an enigmatic smile. “It's quite clear to me that he’s worried about all of you. He almost charged through the crowd of reporters to get you all!” 
###Chapter 1445
Chapter 1445
As Roxanne’s ears burned, she pretended to stay calm and nudged Madilyn back before looking around. As Roxanne’s ears burned, she pretended to stay calm and nudged Madilyn back before looking around.
“Where is he?” The “he” in her question was self-explanatory. Madilyn flashed a meaningful smile. “It seems to me that you’re worried about him too.”
Jolted by her friend’s words, Roxanne lowered her voice. “It was just a casual question. Didn’t you mention that the helicopter belonged to him?”
Knowing Roxanne like the back of her hand, Madilyn could see how embarrassed the former was. Hence, she decided to stop putting her in a spot. “Don’t be anxious. I’m bringing you to see him, aren’t |?”
The frowning Roxanne retorted, “Who says I’m anxious? |I—” Madilyn burst out in laughter.
The three children, who were engrossed in examining the helicopter’s design, came over curiously upon hearing Madilyn’s laughter.
“Aunt Madilyn, what are you laughing about?” The puzzled Benny tugged at Madilyn’s sleeve.
When she finally forced herself to regain her composure, Madilyn eyed her friend’s reproachful expression before changing the topic smoothly. “Nothing, really. So, are you enjoying yourselves on the helicopter?”
The topic quickly caught the children’s attention, to which they nodded vigorously. “We are!” At the same time, they divulged Archie’s secret. “Archie says that he wants to buy us a bigger helicopter next time!” Madilyn burst into laughter again at the children’s innocent words. This time, Roxanne couldn’t help but join her.
However, when she saw the rare expression of embarrassment on Archie’s face, Roxanne suppressed her laughter as she gave his hair a tousle. “You'll definitely be able to do it, Archie. Don’t forget to let me ride in it next time!”
Roxanne’s encouragement brought a smile to Archie’s face as he nodded obediently.
Beaming, Madilyn suggested, “There’s no need to wait till then. Your daddy already has a bigger helicopter. It’s just not suitable to fly within city limits.”
When she asked Lucian for the helicopter, she had overheard Cayden asking the latter which model to deploy. The children’s eyes lit up while their faces glowed with anticipation after hearing Madilyn’s comment.
As for Roxanne, she was shaken to hear the way her friend addressed Lucian. The words caused her heart to suddenly tense up out of habit.
Madilyn clarified, “Those are not my words. Mr. Farwell acknowledged the children on the internet himself.” Only then did Roxanne regain her senses and smile awkwardly at the children.
Truth be told, Archie and Benny were the first to find out about it.
That was why they weren’t surprised by Madilyn’s revelation.
Whenever Madilyn was around, the children were always in good hands, for they got along very well with her.
After a short journey in the air, the helicopter landed on the rooftop of a hotel.
Madilyn stopped fooling around with the children and led them down. The moment they emerged from the helicopter, they spotted Lucian standing on the landing pad waiting for them.
He was dressed in a suit and leather shoes, while his hair was strewn all over his face from the gale emitted by the helicopter rotors. As he stared intently at the cabin door, his eyes were brimming with concern and guilt.
“I've brought them back to you. You had better not cause them any more trouble!” Madilyn warned. However, her words fell on deaf ears, for all Lucian could focus on was Roxanne and the children. “Are you all right?”
He strode up to her and scrutinized her quickly.
After throwing Madilyn a glance, Roxanne returned her attention to the nervous Lucian. She maintained an indifferent expression despite her embarrassment. “I’m fine. It’s all thanks to Madilyn that we managed to make it here. However—”
“| just brought up the rough idea. It was Mr. Farwell who thought of all the details.”
Madilyn didn’t dare take any credit. 
###Chapter 1446
Chapter 1446
“Let's talk inside the hotel. It's getting chilly outside,” Madilyn suggested tactfully, mindful that the two were too shy to say anything in her presence. “Let's talk inside the hotel. It's getting chilly outside,” Madilyn suggested tactfully, mindful that the two were too shy to say anything in her presence.
Roxanne nodded before circling around Lucian to walk ahead. Just as she brushed past his shoulder, Lucian reached out his hand but retracted it at the last minute with a frown.
Given that he was the cause of her current predicament, he didn’t want to burden her any further as she already had a lot on her plate emotionally.
Meanwhile, there was no need for them to make reservations because the hotel they were in belonged to Farwell Group. Lucian had ordered the penthouse to be cleared so that they could live there for the time being.
Upon arriving at the suite, Madilyn led the children to another room, cognizant that the two adults needed some privacy to talk. No sooner had Roxanne entered the room than she heard the door close behind her.
Turning around, she realized that she was alone with Lucian. Madilyn and the children were nowhere to be found. Thereafter, the frowning Lucian approached her with weighty footsteps.
“Where’s Madilyn and the rest?” Roxanne asked cluelessly.
Instead of replying, Lucian walked up to her and grabbed her hand in a domineering manner, preventing her from leaving. “Are you guys all right?” Lucian repeated his question from the rooftop.
Awarm smile gradually broke out across Roxanne’s face when she sensed his concern for her.
“We're fine. The kids were frightened initially but calmed down after they learned that the reporters couldn’t enter.”
As she spoke, she glowered at him. “Instead, it was the sudden appearance of the helicopter that gave us a shock.”
Brows knitted, Lucian explained helplessly, “I couldn’t think of any other way. Besides, | sent the smallest helicopter we have in Farwell Group.”
He, too, had his doubts when Madilyn first raised the idea. It wasn’t until he deliberated upon it that he decided rescuing the mother and children was the priority. Even though Roxanne was just joking, the mention of the helicopter did frustrate her.
“| understand, but isn’t sending the helicopter too dramatic? I’m not sure how this incident is going to blow up subsequently. I’m afraid...”
The distraught look on Roxanne’s face caused Lucian’s eyes to darken as he pulled her into his embrace. He reassured her, “Don't be afraid. I'll deal with this. | won’t let them interfere with your life.” Roxanne, who was about to push him away, decided against it when Lucian’s calming scent filled her senses. Thereafter, she
hesitated for a few seconds before wrapping her arms around his waist.
Even though they ran into trouble today, Roxanne was touched by Lucian’s acknowledgment of Archie and Benny as his own children, a choice he made without knowing the truth about their origins.
In that instant, a warm atmosphere descended upon the room.
The room door flung open abruptly, heralding Benny's childish voice. “Mommy!”
Behind him was an anxious-looking Madilyn. “Don’t go in. Your daddy and mommy need to talk.” No sooner had she spoken than she saw the two adults locked in a tight embrace.
The sight caused Madilyn and the children to stop in their tracks.
The two groups stared at each other, the newcomers wondering if they could still back out of the room and pretend that nothing happened.
At the same time, the disruption caused Roxanne to freeze. Upon regaining her senses, she pushed herself out of Lucian’s arms by reflex. 
###Chapter 1447
Chapter 1447
“We didn’t see anything!” Madilyn smiled mischievously as she feigned ignorance.
The children nodded along. “We didn’t either!”
Then, Madilyn attempted to sneak away with the kids as though nothing had happened.
Just as she turned around, Roxanne said, “Come over here. Let's talk.”
Thus, Madilyn twirled around again and saw a resigned expression on her best friend’s face.
Roxanne and Lucian, who was slightly displeased, proceeded to sit next to each other on the couch.
Upon hearing their mother’s summon, the children rushed over to sit around her.
Only Madilyn was left standing at the entrance of the room.
Glancing at the family of five, she cleared her throat, stepped toward the single-seat couch, and plopped down. Frowning, Roxanne questioned, “You said you’ve devised a way to handle the fallout. What do you suggest we do?” In response, Lucian shifted his line of sight to Madilyn, too.
Madilyn could still sense the cold look in his eyes, so she did her best to ignore him and focus on Roxanne. “It’s not that difficult. It just depends if you all are willing to spend some money.”
A perplexed expression was set on Roxanne’s countenance. Meanwhile, Lucian asked, “How much?”
After a brief silence, Madilyn said, “Nowadays, news on the internet updates fast. While Farwell Group is an influential entity in Horington, the public still cares more about celebrities.”
She paused and stared at the people before her. The smart couple understood her intentions immediately. “So you're saying we should buy and spread celebrity scandals on the internet to shift the public's attention?” asked Roxanne.
Smiling, Madilyn nodded. “That's right. Though the amount of money required to pull this off isn’t little, | don’t think it’s considered plenty for Farwell Group.” Since Lucian’s the one who caused the trouble, it’s only fitting for him to bring an end to this matter. | doubt he'll refuse.
Upon understanding her plan, Lucian contacted Cayden to do as she suggested. The internet was set on fire again that afternoon.
Scandals about various celebrities were exposed to the public. Almost every trending title started with the phrase “explosive news.”
The public swiftly shifted their attention from Farwell Group to the celebrities.
Many reporters did the same as they promptly surrounded the celebrities with their cameras. In just a short time, all reporters who previously encircled the research institute and Roxanne’s house were gone. Roxanne was stunned when she saw the drastic shift on the internet.
Glancing at Lucian, she remarked, “This... You must've spent a lot of money.” Earlier, | saw plenty of scandals on the internet and even an official announcement of a high-profile celebrity's romantic relationship! No wonder the focus of the public changed so fast.
Lucian acted as though it was nothing noteworthy. “Money is never a concern for Farwell Group. Besides, not all matters can be solved with money.”
Deals with celebrities more often involved resource exchange than money. What they needed were fame, resources, and many more.
Thankfully, Farwell Group’s contract with a product spokesperson had just expired. Therefore, when the high-profile celebrity proposed a collaboration, Lucian agreed.
“You don’t need to worry about that for Mr. Farwell, Roxanne. Farwell Group is so rich that they won’t even bat an eye at how much he spent! Moreover, minor celebrities would die for a chance to help Farwell Group!” Madilyn comforted. 
###Chapter 1448
Chapter 1448
Roxanne contemplated her best friend’s words and thought it made sense. Thus, she stopped speaking.
Meanwhile, when Madilyn registered the point she made, she believed Lucian hadn’t done enough to make up for the fright her best friend and the children endured.
In a concerned tone, she advised, “While the public’s focus has been shifted away, it'll still be for the best if all of you stay out of the media's sight for the time being.”
Roxanne nodded in agreement. “I don’t think it'll be a problem. In my case, I'll only be either at home or at the research institute, so unless the reporters specifically sought me out—”
“That’s what I’m worried about!” Madilyn interrupted. “I’m concerned some reporters won't give up!” That outburst stunned Roxanne because she had more to say.
Lucian’s expression darkened slightly while he gripped Roxanne’s hand as though no one was around. “For now, you shouldn’t go to the research institute anymore. Just in case.”
Upon detecting his movement, she felt her heart clenching. As she glanced at her friend, she tried pulling her hand away, but he was stronger than her. Hence, she reluctantly and awkwardly allowed him to keep holding her hand.
Madilyn gazed at Lucian assertively. “Don’t you think you should make up for the trouble you brought Roxanne, Mr. Farwell?” In response, Lucian knitted his eyebrows and gave her statement some genuine consideration.
Resignedly, Roxanne clarified, “It’s nothing serious. | can do overtime later to make up for the work | missed—”
Madilyn shot her a glance, silencing her, before turning to look at Lucian.
“You have a private plane, right, Mr. Farwell? Why not use it to bring her to Miralaea for a trip? You two can hide from the reporters there and use the opportunity to relax.”
Lucian was moved by her proposal. | did tell Roxanne I'd bring the children out for a trip when we went to Jadeborough some time ago. However, after she returned here, she was busy with her work, so | never got the chance to fulfill my promise. | suppose now is an excellent opportunity to do so.
Hence, he turned to Roxanne and inquired, “How about we visit Miralaea, Roxanne? We did talk about bringing the children on a trip before.”
Roxanne hesitated because the collaboration with the Damaris family to develop a new medicine had just been moved ahead of schedule.
Benny grabbed the hem of her shirt and asked excitedly, “Are we really going to Miralaea, Mommy?” Estella blinked and stared at Roxanne with anticipation.
The children’s stares were making Roxanne waver.
Still, she wondered, “What about school?”
Madilyn shrugged. “Just apply leaves for them.”
Then she turned to the children. “Do you three want to go to school or Miralaea?”
Without hesitation, the kids answered, “Miralaea!”
“That’s more like it.” Madilyn nodded satisfactorily. “I’ve also been busy for a long while, so it’s about time for me to wind down—" Suddenly, she shut herself up after realizing something.
Roxanne narrowed her eyes at her best friend. “You just want to visit Miralaea without paying for the trip.”
Realizing her intention had been exposed, Madilyn argued, “Since you all need to avoid the reporters, you may as well visit another country instead of hiding in your home. Besides, | saved you, so | don’t think bringing me along on your trip is too much to ask for.”
Roxanne wasn’t sure what to do with her friend, so she turned to Lucian, asking for his opinion.
In response, Madilyn tacitly raised her hand and vowed, “I promise | won’t disturb any of you!” 
###Chapter 1449
Chapter 1449
In the end, Lucian called Jeffrey and requested a week’s leave for the children. With that out of the way, the three adults took the three children on a trip to Miralaea. Just as Jeffrey hung up the phone, a gentle-looking teacher entered the room.
“You're here, Ms. Smith,” he greeted. “You understand the situation about the class, yes? Mr. Farwell’s children are in it, and the assistant teacher is on leave. I’m worried Ms. Ward won't be able to manage the class alone, so you'll be helping her out for
now. Smiling, Ophelia Smith nodded. “I understand, Mr. Bauer. You don’t need to worry a thing.”
Jeffrey scrutinized her and thought she looked pretty gentle. “I’m leaving them in your hands, so don’t mess things up.” “Should | greet them now?”
“They've just started their one-week leave. Once they've returned, Ms. Ward will introduce them to you.”
When Ophelia heard that, the look in her eyes imperceptibly darkened for just a moment. “I see. If there’s nothing else, I'll take my leave now.”
Jeffrey told her a couple more things before allowing her to leave.
The instant she stepped out of the office, her smile was replaced with a glower.
She strode to a corner and called someone.
The other person picked up the phone quickly.
“How did it go? Have you come in contact with them?” questioned Aubree in a grim voice.
Apologetically, Ophelia answered, “I’ve just arrived at the kindergarten, and Mr. Bauer told me the children will only return after their one-week leave.”
“What?” Aubree growled unhappily. | can’t wait even a single second longer anymore, yet they’ll only return after a week? Ophelia explained in a whisper, “There’s nothing | can do. | didn’t expect things would be so coincidental. Once they return, I'll
definitely...”
In response, Aubree pinched her palm to calm herself down. When she opened her mouth again, serenity had returned to her voice. “It’s fine. They can’t run, anyway. In the meantime, familiarize yourself with the kindergarten. Contact me again once they return.”
She treated Ophelia rather politely because there weren't any benefits binding the latter to her.
Nodding, Ophelia assured, “I'll do that the moment they return.”
Since Ophelia hadn’t gotten a chance to interact with the children, Aubree had nothing much else to say and ended the call. The latter then glanced at her phone, which was displaying her social media app.
When Aubree saw that news about Roxanne had been flushed away by a staggering number of celebrity scandals, she scowled. | thought the reporters this morning could cause Roxanne some trouble and force her to give up. To my bloody surprise, Lucian took her away via a helicopter! | recognized it in the pictures the reporters were taking of her! Also, it’s evident these celebrity scandals are due to Farwell Group’s intervention! | can’t believe how much Lucian did for that b*tch. What about me, huh? The only thing he did for me was take away my house! No, | refuse to let that b*tch live a comfortable life! 
###Chapter 1450
Chapter 1450
Meanwhile, Roxanne and her family were having a wonderful time in Miralaea.
The boys clung to Lucian for practically their entire stay, but he didn’t mind. In fact, he brought them to experience plenty of exciting activities.
As for Estella, Roxanne and Madilyn brought her along while they took plenty of pictures of the ocean view. They even helped her dress up like a cute mermaid.
They had a lot of fun during that week of vacation.
While the children wanted to stay for a couple more days, Roxanne had to return home for work.
Madilyn and Lucian couldn’t stay for long as well.
Therefore, they all returned to their country when the week was up.
After a week, the public had forgotten all about Farwell Group’s incident, and Roxanne was free of the reporters.
However, Lucian was still worried about his family, so he ordered a few bodyguards to watch over her and the children in secret.
The morning after they returned to the country, Roxanne sent the children to the kindergarten before heading to the research institute. | wonder how much the project has progressed during my week of absence.
Just as she stepped into her office, Linda approached her. “Dr. Jarvis.” Roxanne nodded. “Did the research institute face any troubles over the past week?”
She had been under Madilyn and Lucian’s surveillance during the past week, so she had minimal opportunities to contact the research institute. Her concern that the reporters would visit the research institute and negatively affect the researchers’ work never left her mind.
If the reporters did that, she’d have no idea how to face the employees because she ran away after causing such a big mess and left the staff to fend for themselves.
Thankfully, Linda shook her head. “No. After that morning, the reporters were distracted by all the celebrity scandals. A few who wanted to interview us sent their requests through proper channels, but | rejected them.”
Hearing that eased Roxanne up. However, Linda was still grimacing. “What's the matter?” inquired Roxanne, perplexed.
“Mr. Damaris has been visiting the research institute over the past week to meet you. It was apparent he was quite upset you weren't present.”
It was something Linda should’ve reported as soon as possible because it was an official matter of the research institute. However, because of the news on the internet some time ago, she hadn’t been sure if she should.
After all, Jack didn’t reveal his intentions every time he visited. She didn’t know if he came because of the project or because of the online discourse. Roxanne was taken aback upon hearing that. Jack visited the research institute to meet me?
In response, she checked her phone but saw no unanswered calls from Jack. It would seem he wasn’t looking for me due to an urgent matter.
Still, she called him out of courtesy. The phone rang for a while before Jack answered the call. “| didn’t expect you to have the time to call me, Ms. Jarvis, since you’re such a busy woman.” Mockery was obvious in his tone.
It was the first time she heard him use that tone, so she was stunned for a few seconds before she apologized, “I’m sorry. | wasn't in the country during the past week. Linda just told me you visited the research institute to meet me. Is there a problem with the project?”
The mockery didn’t subside from his tone as he spoke again. “Is that so? | wonder what you were doing overseas last week.”
Of course, he knew why she was in another country and that she had gone there with Lucian. 
###Chapter 1451
Chapter 1451
11 By While the reporters’ photos depicted a woman standing at the helicopter door, Jack knew Lucian was behind it.
He thought the matter had ended when the celebrity scandals dominated the public consciousness that afternoon. Thus, the next day, he planned to meet up with Roxanne by using the project as an excuse.
To his surprise, her assistant told him she wasn’t in the research institute.
In fact, he received the same answer over the next few days.
By then, no matter how stupid Jack was, he could still realize what was happening.
He knew Roxanne had left with Lucian, so he wondered how long it would take them to return. To his surprise, it was a whole week, and that enraged him.
Jack was still upset as he spoke. “Even though the development of our project was about to begin, the person in charge of the research institute was nowhere to be found. What do you think | should say about that, Ms. Jarvis?”
When he brought up the project, Roxanne felt guilty and apologized further. “I’m really sorry. Due to a personal issue, | had to lie low for a while and inadvertently delayed the project. You’ve every right to be angry, Mr. Damaris. | promise that | won’t disappear again after the project starts. You'll be able to find me whenever you want!”
Her answer satisfied him. Knowing where she went with Lucian or what she did during the past week doesn’t matter. What matters is that | can win her over as long as she remains within my reach!
When his train of thought ended there, Jack complained with a softened tone, “Don’t you think you should make up for all my wasted trips here, Ms. Jarvis? An apology isn’t enough!”
Upon detecting the change in his tone, Roxanne sighed in relief in her mind and grinned. “Of course! Tell me when you're free, and I'll treat you to a meal.”
“Sure, but I'll decide the location of our meal as well. You'll be spending quite a bit of money, Ms. Jarvis.” “As long as | can lighten your mood, I’m willing to spend as much money as necessary.”
“We'll also use the opportunity to speak about the project’s progress. The research development was delayed because of your absence, after all.”
“I'm sorry.”
“Forget about it. There’s nothing we can do to regain lost time. I'll be pleased as long as our collaboration is successful. | still believe in your research institute's capabilities.”
After exchanging a few more words, they ended the call.
Roxanne turned to Linda and blurted, “You're right. Mr. Damaris was a little angry at me. Were any other projects in the research institute delayed?”
Shaking her head, Linda answered, “Everything was fine.”
Then she stared at Roxanne carefully. “Dr. Jarvis, about the news regarding Mr. Damaris from a few days ago, I—”
Roxanne had already guessed what Linda was going to say and explained, “Don’t believe what you see on the internet. Damaris Group is an important partner of ours. Just treat him as you used to.”
Upon receiving a clear answer, Linda nodded. After a while, Jack texted Roxanne the location and time of their meal.
She read the text, spared a few more words to Linda, and left the research institute. 
###Chapter 1452
Chapter 1452
The location Jack picked for his meal date with Roxanne was a café with a quaint flair. In fact, it had a vibe similar to the Damaris residence.
When she arrived, Jack was already waiting for her inside. Upon noticing her, he stood and gestured at her. She quickened her pace and sat opposite from him.
Having learned their lesson from the last time, they sat at a table in the corner this time. A sandalwood incense was burning nearby them.
Roxanne felt strangely comfortable when she took in the scent of the incense, possibly because she was used to the smell of traditional medicine.
Hence, she didn’t give it too much thought because she assumed it was the café’s specialty.
“I'm sorry for being late again,” apologized Roxanne with embarrassment after taking her seat. We're meeting up this time because | wanted to make up for the fact that my disappearance last week caused a delay in the project’s progress. Yet, I’m late again. | feel so rude.
Jack smiled nonchalantly and poured her a cup of coffee. “It’s fine. This café is quite far from the research institute, and | just happened to be near this area.”
As he spoke, he casually fiddled with the incense burner.
Seeing that he didn’t seem to mind her tardiness, Roxanne let out a sigh of relief. “| should be the one apologizing to you,” Jack abruptly said.
That puzzled her. Why is he apologizing to me?
“In the end, | was the reason the public focused on you.” Gazing at her apologetically, he continued, “If | hadn’t changed the time to nighttime, those reporters wouldn’t have taken those pictures and said those things on the internet.”
When he brought that up, Roxanne felt conflicted. | suppose he is right.
As though Jack had read her mind, he explained sincerely, “I really did have something | needed to attend to during noon that day. One of Damaris Group’s companies that sells medicinal herbs had a bit of a problem that required my assistance.”
Of course, she had no intention of blaming him. She merely thought what happened that night was too coincidental.
Thus, she replied, “I know you didn’t change the time without reason. Neither of us would’ve expected reporters to be following us. Besides, the incident’s over.”
Out of nowhere, Jack sighed a little. “So, you’ve gotten back together with Mr. Farwell.”
That dumbfounded Roxanne for a few seconds. What am | supposed to say to that? My relationship with Lucian can’t be easily explained.
The look in his eyes darkened when she didn’t immediately respond.
However, when her line of sight landed on his countenance again, he acted normal and questioned icily, “I’m assuming you spent your time away with him?”
Instead of denying it, Roxanne answered, “We needed to lie low because the media had their sights on us.”
Jack was displeased that she didn’t reveal where she went or what she did with Lucian. However, he didn’t want to keep himself in a bad mood, so he changed the topic. “In the period you were away, | did some research related to the development of the new medicine. | feel like perhaps we can change the trajectory of the project. The market’s been lacking in anti-cancer medicine, especially ones centered on traditional medicine.”
In response, Roxanne pondered the issue with a grim expression. “I noticed that previously. However, it'll be difficult to pull off because the public prefers to rely on western medicine to combat cancer.”
He proceeded to brief her about the result of his research and concluded, “Perhaps we can be the first to achieve that feat.” 
###Chapter 1453
Chapter 1453
Roxanne was moved by his words but remained hesitant. “Perhaps, but | lack enough knowledge of cancer to support the research on an anti-cancer medicine.”
Over the past few years, she had been more focused on researching how to treat patients through acupuncture. She simply didn't know enough about medicinal herbs to be confident in developing an anti-cancer medicine.
Sensing her worries, Jack said, “I won't lie. Only a few medical books kept in the Damans residence touch on this research. However, the reason the research in those books was halted was due to technical issues at the time. It was also these books that inspired me.”
Roxanne's eyes glinted upon hearing that. If | can take a look at those books, perhaps I'll get some inspiration, too. Then again, those books are properties of the Damaris family. | don't know if he's willing to lend them to an outsider.
“The books about traditional medicine | lent you in the past were a part of that collection. If you're interested, | can lend you the whole set.”
Without hesitation, she nodded. However, she thought about something and inquired, “Is it really okay for me to read them? Don't those books contain content the Damaris family wants to keep confidential?”
Medical prestigious families tended to have a few techniques they wouldn't share with anyone.
It was why Roxanne was overjoyed when Jack taught her Root Thirteen and why she was skeptical about his proposal to lend her those books.
He grinned. “I can't hide anything H orn you. can I? Indeed, there's a condition you need to fulfill if you want to read those books.”
“What condition?” She frowned. | have a bad feeling about this.
“As you said, those books contain secrets the Damaris family doesn't want anyone else to learn. If you want to, you'll have to sever your relationship with Dr. Lambert as his apprentice and join the Damaris family.” As though he was afraid she wouldn't agree, he added. “The content of these books isn't something an ordinary apprentice can access. Old Mr. Damaris has to acknowledge their capabilities first before they can read those books. Only three members of this generation in the Damaris family have earned the right to read them. If you join us, you'll be the fourth.”
Someone else in Roxanne's position probably would've accepted Jack's condition without hesitation after listening to his tempting offer.
After all, she had learned almost everything from her teacher. Even if she severed her relationship with Han ey at that moment, she wouldn't be negatively affected. Yet, she rejected. “In that case, I'm afraid I'll have to say no.”
The look in Jack's eyes darkened. “Why? Don't you want to read those books? Aren't you curious about the Damaris family's medical skills?” If | remember correctly, she joined the medical consultation because she wanted to take a glance at the Damaris family's collection.
Roxanne nodded. “Of course | do. However, a few books aren't enough to make me betray Professor Lambert, who has helped me multiple times in the past. He's more than a teacher to me.”
An imperceptibly cold look flashed past his eyes. If she had accepted my proposal and become a member of the Damaris family that way, | could have settled for that as the next best tiling. However. | didn't expect her to reject it!
“Since you're putting it that way, I'll seem despicable if | try to persuade you further.” Suppressing his rage, Jack pursed his lips nonchalantly. “I hope you won't regret your decision, Ms. Jarvis.” 
###Chapter 1454
Chapter 1454
Is it just me, or does Jack’s attitude seem different from his usual? Stifling the strange feeling in her chest, Roxanne grinned at Jack. “I won't regret it. If you wish for us to research anti-cancer medicine, I'll still do my best.”
He lifted his coffee cup at her. “In that case, let us toast to our collaboration’s success with coffee instead of wine.” Without delay, she clinked her cup with his.
After the two of them briefly discussed the research progress, they determined the project's starting date. They also talked about when Damaris Group would provide how much medicinal herbs to the research institute.
When their meeting concluded, it was already evening. Standing up to leave, Roxanne glanced at her phone and saw it was time for classes in the kindergarten to be dismissed. Then Linda called her, asking her if she should pick up the children.
Roxanne said no because the children had been complaining about her occupation with her work and voicing their desire for her to pick them up.
Based on the result of my discussion with Jack, I'll be getting busy again in the next few days. | think | should spend my free time with the children when | still have some. As she thought, she drove to the kindergarten.
Upon arriving at her destination, she saw two teachers leading the children out of the kindergarten in a line.
Then she noticed an unfamiliar teacher standing next to Pippa. She looks gentle.
“Ms. Jarvis, this is our kindergarten’s new teacher, Ms. Smith. She’s taking care of Archie’s class with me,” Pippa introduced. In response, Roxanne smiled politely. “Nice to meet you, Ms. Smith. I'll be counting on you to look after my children.” Silently, Ophelia scrutinized Roxanne.
Before returning to the country, | often listened to Aubree complaining about Roxanne on the phone and describing how Roxanne snatched Farwell Group’s CEO from her. It’s why I’ve been curious about what kind of person Roxanne is. Now that I've seen her for myself, based on her face alone, | think she does have the potential to be a vixen. When her train of thought ended, she greeted Roxanne politely.
Soon, the entrance was clogged with the parents of other children. Roxanne bade the two teachers goodbye and brought the children into her car.
“Do you like the new teacher?” she asked caringly on the ride home.
The children exchanged glances with odd expressions. “What's the matter? You don't like her?”
Benny answered, “No, we just thought she was a bit weird because she kept staring at us.” Even during group activities, that new teacher constantly tried to approach us, but she was hindered by the other children.
In response, Roxanne glanced at the children through the rearview mirror apologetically. “I’m sorry. It's probably because of what happened a few days ago and the fact Ms. Smith is a new teacher that she’s curious about you all.” When | returned to the research institute after Lucian announced the children’s background to the world, plenty of employees there stared at me with slightly different looks, too. | suppose the new teacher is just like them, curious about us.
She comforted, “If you all don’t like it, I'll tell Ms. Ward tomorrow to remind Ms. Smith not to stare.”
The children nodded. 
###Chapter 1455
Chapter 1455
Roxanne’s life was soon back on the right track while Lucian’s was still in chaos.
Lucian considered going to Roxanne’s place in the evening after handling all the accumulated work in Farwell Group. However, he received a phone call from his mother, who asked him to return home as soon as possible.
Lucian furrowed his brows at his mother’s annoyed tone. Nevertheless, he still drove back to the manor.
As soon as he stepped into the house, he was greeted by the sight of Sonya sitting on the couch.
“Why are you here?” he questioned with a frown.
Sonya turned to look at him and said unhappily, “If | hadn’t come here, | wouldn’t even know you were back!”
He had not mentioned to anyone about him going overseas with Roxanne.
Sonya had come over every day to ask her son for an explanation but always ended up empty-handed.
When she called him and mentioned Roxanne and the kids, he would always give a half-hearted response before hanging up. Hence, Sonya had nowhere to vent her anger.
Since they were finally back, she naturally had to have a talk with her son.
Lucian knew she didn’t have good intentions, and his expression darkened. He walked over to the couch but didn’t sit down, making it clear that he had no intention of engaging in a lengthy conversation with her.
Sonya’s expression turned dark when she realized this. “What do you mean by this? Roxanne hasn’t married into the family yet, but you're already on her side?”
Lucian was used to Sonya’s animosity toward Roxanne and said calmly, “I’m on her side because of your hostility toward her. If you can stop being like this, | would love for you and her to get along well.”
Enraged, Sonya slammed the table. “Unbelievable! Do you believe you're right? What's the deal with the two kids? Do you even know who you are? How dare you accept the two illegitimate children and even fabricate their backgrounds!”
Lucian looked at his mother without saying anything in response.
As she spoke, she gradually sounded angrier. “Do you know how many relatives called me recently? They even prepared monetary gifts for those two bastards! What do you want me to say to them?”
Those relatives were so eager to get in their good books that they even suggested having a welcoming party for the two children! When Sonya heard the suggestion, she almost fainted from anger.
How dare they suggest having a welcoming party for those two bastards! Not only has Lucian gone insane, but are these relatives going senile too?
Nevertheless, Lucian had already made a public statement. Sonya couldn’t publicly chastise her son, so she could only give half- hearted responses to her relatives’ questions.
Lucian was unfazed and stated matter-of-factly, “I already asked for Roxanne’s hand in marriage. She accepted it, so it’s only a matter of time before Archie and Benny become my children. They aren't illegitimate children. When those relatives ask you, you can tell them they are the sons of the Farwell family.”
Sonya was hit by another wave of dizziness. It was more shocking to hear this from her son’s lips than reading it on the Internet. He’s adamant about accepting the two illegitimate children into the family!
After a long moment, she finally regained her senses. She massaged her forehead and said, “I don’t accept this. There are so many people eyeing Farwell Group’s assets. Even those relatives can’t wait to get their hands on some of it. However, you're giving them to two children from unknown backgrounds so easily. This is unacceptable to me!” 
###Chapter 1456
Chapter 1456
Sonya had never entertained the thought of her being in the wrong. She had always thought she was looking out for the Farwell family and that it was Lucian who was becoming more and more unreasonable.
With that, she glanced at her son expectantly. She only wished for him to understand her intentions.
However, there was no change in Lucian’s expression. “Farwell Group’s success is largely attributable to me. I'll manage how | split my assets on my own.”
If Archie and Benny had the capability, he didn’t mind passing Farwell Group on to them. Sonya was rendered speechless upon hearing this. Lucian glanced at her. “Besides, they are still young. It’s too early for you to worry about this!”
Sonya wanted to say something, but Lucian interjected, “On the contrary, take a look at your age. You should stop meddling in such insignificant matters. | am capable of managing my own affairs. Why don’t you go out with my father and travel if you have so much time? It will be beneficial to your health.”
With that, he headed upstairs without giving Sonya a chance to speak.
Looking at her son’s retreating figure, Sonya huffed in anger. “What do you mean by that? Stop right there!” As if he hadn't heard her, Lucian vanished after making a turn on the stairs.
“Old Mrs. Farwell, calm down.”
Catalina tried to pacify Sonya’s anger by giving her a cup of coffee.
Seeing this, Sonya became even more agitated. “Even you are making a joke out of me! Do you want that Jarvis woman to come back as well?”
Catalina sighed quietly to herself. “Mrs. Farwell is—” “Who told you to refer to her like that? She will never marry into the family as long as I’m alive!” Sonya uttered pettily.
Catalina remained silent. She knew Roxanne would soon be part of the Farwell family again, and Sonya’s opinion of her would undoubtedly change eventually.
Sonya was in no mood to talk to her anymore. After sitting on the couch for a while, she took her bag and left the house in a fury.
Elias returned to the Farwell main residence at the same time Sonya did. Seeing her furious demeanor, he approached her with a puzzled look and asked, “What happened? Why are you so angry?”
His question jogged her memory of what Lucian had said to her. Her mood instantly soured, and she retorted, “Why are you asking me? You should go and ask Lucian!”
Elias sat beside her. “What did Lucian do?” He had never gotten involved in Lucian’s relationship matters because he was confident his son could handle them well. However, he was aware that his wife was constantly concerned about it.
Now that the marriage engagement with the Pearson family had been canceled, he felt Lucian’s marriage was the latter's personal matter, so he didn’t understand what Sonya was mad about.
Sonya glared at him. “Didn’t you see Farwell Group’s statement? Lucian must be insane! Shouldn't you do something about it as his father?”
Elias was dumbfounded upon getting scolded by his wife.
Naturally, he had seen the public statement, but he knew the two children would need to have legitimate identities when Roxanne and Lucian got together.
Compared to letting the children enter the family with unknown backgrounds, Lucian’s method would spare the family a lot of trouble in the future.
Of course, this was on the pretext that Roxanne was going to marry into the Farwell family.
Sonya’s expression turned darker when Elias didn’t reply to her. “Do you also think that he has done nothing wrong?” 
###Chapter 1457
Chapter 1457
Elias frowned, and when he spoke, his voice was tinged with a hint of exasperation.
“I've long since told you to let Lucian make the decisions himself when it comes to his marriage. Everyone is free to live their own lives. Why must we meddle so much?”
Disapproval was written all over Sonya’s face. “How could | possibly allow that? Is Lucian’s marriage his business alone? Never mind if he wants to marry some other woman, but why must it be that woman?”
Why must it be Roxanne? Worse still, she comes with two little bastards!
Seeing that she was still dissatisfied with Roxanne, Elias patiently cajoled, “No matter who he wants to be with, that’s his business. He matured into an adult ages ago. We can't interfere in everything.”
But still, Sonya remained obstinate and griped, “If he had finalized his marriage with Aubree earlier, all this wouldn’t have happened.”
After saying that, she shot the man beside her a chagrined look. “You're no better. It’s because you allowed him free rein in everything that he delayed the marriage until now.”
“Reality has proven that Aubree is indeed unsuited to be the mistress of the Farwell family.” On the contrary, Elias felt that Lucian hadn't done anything wrong.
“Aubree only did something wrong out of her anxiety to get engaged with Lucian. If he had settled down with her earlier, she wouldn't have done all those foolish things,” Sonya riposted.
Upon hearing that, Elias stared at her in vexation, his gaze probing.
Feeling a tad guilty from the way he was scrutinizing her, Sonya muttered, “I’m not saying she was right in doing all that. | merely feel that she’s sincere in her feelings toward Lucian.”
As she finished saying that, the wretched state of the Pearson family at present flashed across her mind. Melancholic, she heaved a sigh. “Ultimately, the Pearson family has been friends with us for many years, but they've now been reduced to a miserable existence by the Farwell family. It makes it appear as though we’re too ruthless.”
Elias was likewise aware of the Pearson family’s current condition. However, he didn’t find any problem with his son’s actions. Since Aubree dared to make a move against a member of the Farwell family, she naturally had to be taught a lesson.
As for the Queen family seizing advantage of the situation to pounce and take a bite out of the Pearson family, that was just the usual competition in business. There was no right or wrong.
“Elias, can you talk to Lucian about letting the Pearson family off the hook? They’ve already been punished enough. He won't listen to a single word | say, so you're the only one who can persuade him,” Sonya ranted, grasping Elias’ arm.
Lifting his hand, Elias placed it over hers in consolation. “To put it bluntly, the Pearson family’s current condition is a result of business competition. We can’t be of any help. Furthermore,
if word gets out that the Pearson family had walked all over us, yet we still helped them, is the Farwell family not going to be easy prey whom everyone can attack in the eyes of others?”
His voice was gentle, but it left no room for negotiation. With the Farwell family’s reputation coming into play, Sonya had no choice but to nix her plan. Nonetheless, she was still loath about allowing Roxanne to marry into the Farwell family.
Sighing softly, she remarked in what appeared to be an unintentional manner, “Speaking of the Pearson family, | wonder how Essie is doing right now.”
Elias also missed Estella then, so he replied, “Go and visit her if you're worried. It so happens that | haven’t seen her in a while either. We'll go and visit her together another day.”
Shifting her gaze to him, Sonya lamented in feigned helplessness, “How | wish! But Lucian has sent her over to Roxanne’s place. | wanted to go and visit her, but Roxanne didn’t allow her to approach me. It was as though I'd hurt her.” 
###Chapter 1458
Chapter 1458
Puzzlement inundated Elias. “Why? You’re Essie’s grandmother. Why would Roxanne forbid you from visiting Essie? Is there some misunderstanding between you both?”
At that, Sonya sighed bitterly. “What misunderstanding could there be? She never liked me when she left six years ago. That aside, I'd always wanted Lucian to be with Aubree and ed to her being with him. Thus, she holds a grudge against me.”
While saying that, she hung her head and nestled into the man’s embrace as though she had suffered untold grievances.
Subsequently, she added, “She's already treating me in such a manner now when she hasn't gotten back together with Lucian. What should | do if she were to really marry into the Farwell family in the future? Am | going to be prohibited from visiting my own son and granddaughter?”
Elias knew absolutely nothing about the issue between the two women.
After hearing his wife’s complaints, his first reaction was to mediate a peaceful resolution.
“There must be some misunderstanding between the two of you. Everything will be fine after talking things out.”
At the end of the day, he didn’t believe that his son would take an interest in a petty woman.
When Sonya noticed that the man showed no signs of siding with her, panic swamped her. She even eked out some tears.
“It's all on me. | shouldn’t have poked my nose into her relationship with Lucian. But it wasn’t me who forced her to leave six years ago. After she left, | even searched for her for a long time. And now, she wants to come back. What does she take the Farwell family for?”
Tightening his grip on her, Elias stated solemnly, “I'll ask Lucian about it.” Only when Sonya heard that did she feel somewhat gratified.
Right then and there, Elias took out his phone and gave Lucian a call. Meanwhile, Lucian was working in the study.
As soon as he saw that his father was calling, he could surmise that his mother must have said something to the man upon her return.
However, he knew that Elias rarely interfered in his relationships.
Without giving it further thought, he answered the call. “Is something the matter, Dad?” Elias’ baritone voice rang out from the other end of the phone. “Where's Essie right now?” “At her mother’s place,” Lucian answered honestly. Then, he asked, “What about it?”
“Your mother claims that Roxanne didn’t allow Essie to approach her. What's that about? Does she have some misunderstanding toward your mother?”
Verily, that was the only possibility Elias could think of. Lucian had known that his mother would undoubtedly complain to his father after returning home, but he had never expected her to make such a bogus claim.
His head throbbing, he put aside the work at hand and explained patiently, “It’s true that Essie isn’t close to her these days, but | can promise you that it isn’t because of Roxanne.”
Hearing that, Elias lowered his eyes and studied the woman in his arms. “Are you saying that it’s your mother’s fault?”
Ata loss for words, Lucian went silent for a few seconds in contemplation before elaborating, “Precisely speaking, there’s some misunderstanding between her and Essie. For some reason, Essie has a slight aversion to her. It has nothing to do with Roxanne.”
Elias’ eyes brimmed with confusion.
Essie has an aversion to Sonya? We watched Essie grow up, and I’ve seen how much Sonya doted on her. All this while, their relationship had been pretty great. Why has that changed recently?
Seemingly having guessed his father’s thoughts, Lucian added, “If you’re worried, you can go and see for yourself. I'll tell Roxanne about it. You can go over anytime.”
It so happened that Elias wanted to go and have a look personally. Hence, he agreed without any hesitation when he obtained that reply. “It’s decided, then. I'll go and pick Essie up from kindergarten tomorrow evening.” 
###Chapter 1459
Chapter 1459
Lucian didn’t expect his father to be in such a hurry to go and pick Estella up.
After hanging up the phone, he glanced at the time. Seeing that it was still relatively early, he wanted to phone Roxanne to inform her about the situation. But on second thought, he snagged his jacket and went downstairs.
Downstairs, Catalina had just prepared dinner. When she saw her employer coming down, she hollered, “The food is ready, Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian halted in his steps for a fleeting second. “Go on and eat. I’m not having dinner at home.” Having said that, he left in huge strides without waiting for a response from her. Catalina stared at the man’s back, bewildered for a moment. In the next heartbeat, understanding dawned upon her.
Aha! Who else could induce such an expression on Mr. Farwell’s face? He must be on his way out to visit Ms. Jarvis once more. Thus, he’s also likely having dinner there!
Roxanne had just finished cooking dinner and led the three children to the dining table. They had all taken their seats when the doorbell outside rang.
Putting the fork in her hand down, she got up for a look. The instant she saw the person on the screen, she was momentarily stunned before she spun on her heel and went to open the door.
Lucian was waiting at the door, tenderness showing in his eyes at the sight of her.
After the few days they spent at Miralaea, the man’s demeanor toward her had grown increasingly gentle. Despite being used to seeing him with such an expression, Roxanne still felt a sense of dissonance. After all, he had only ever been cold to the outside world.
“Why are you here? Didn’t we agree on you staying away for two days?” Corralling her thoughts, she regarded Lucian before her in mystification.
On the way back from Miralaea, Madilyn suggested that they avoid meeting each other for the next two days on the off chance that someone might spot them together.
That was also Roxanne’s plan, but she didn’t expect Lucian to pay her a sudden visit.
The man at the door quirked a brow, his tone teasing. “Shouldn’t you allow me in first if you want to avoid being seen with me? If | continue standing here, and the media gets a snapshot of me...”
A flash of panic flittered across Roxanne’s eyes, and she hastily turned sideways to allow him in.
Thereafter, she carefully peeked out. It wasn’t until after she had darted her eyes around and found nothing amiss that she closed the door.
At the sight of her all tense and wary, Lucian assured in a deep voice, “Don’t worry. | had the bodyguards do a sweep of the area.”
Only then did Roxanne truly rest easy. The project was getting back on track these few days, so she really didn’t want a repeat of her experience a few days ago.
Lucian’s arrival appeared to thrill Archie, Benny, and Estella greatly. They didn’t even bother eating anymore but crowded over to him intimately.
Deep within her, Roxanne still found it pretty unbelievable.
She had always thought the man’s character would be off-putting to Archie and Benny. Unexpectedly, he was extraordinarily patient with them.
In fact, the boys almost liked him as much as they did her.
As astonishment flooded her, she also couldn’t help feeling relieved.
Since they like him so much, | don’t have to worry that they won't be able to accept the reality when they learn about their identities in the future.
Roxanne took a set of tableware for Lucian. “You haven't had dinner, right? Let’s eat together.”
After her interactions with him the past few days, her attitude toward him had also done a one-eighty. She was no longer as awkward before him.
Nodding, Lucian sat down across from her.
“Is something the matter that you came over at this hour?” Roxanne asked once more.
Lucian glanced at the children around them before murmuring, “We'll talk about that later. Let’s eat first.”
Clocking his expression, Roxanne bobbed her head in understanding. She didn’t press him for an answer anymore.
The family of five was finally together again. That made the three children so happy that they were all smiles even as they ate.
After dinner, they knew their parents had something to discuss, so they tactfully went to the back garden to play. 
###Chapter 1460
Chapter 1460
Roxanne took the tableware into the kitchen. Initially, she thought that Lucian had something important to say and planned to take him to the study to talk.
To her surprise, Lucian was standing at the kitchen door with his head lowered as he rolled his sleeves up when she whirled around.
Before she could wrap her mind around it, the man had already strolled over casually. Picking up the bowl she had washed, he wiped it dry.
Seeing that, Roxanne was again startled. That action of his gave her the illusion that they were a couple who had been married for a long time.
Moreover, the picture of the high and mighty CEO of Farwell Group entering the kitchen gave others the impression that he had stepped down from his pedestal.
Sheer shock deluged her.
Conversely, Lucian nonchalantly started speaking of the purpose of his visit. “My father wants to go to the kindergarten to take Essie home tomorrow.”
As his words drifted into her ears, Roxanne abruptly snapped back to reality. “Have you agreed?” She remembered him saying back then that his consent was required if his parents wanted to take Estella away.
“Yeah. He seems to have misunderstood the relationship between you and my mother. For that reason, | think he should have a look for himself,” Lucian replied.
Although his father didn’t spell things out, he knew the man suspected that Estella was only hostile toward his mother because of Roxanne’s instigation.
Since Elias had such a concern, he didn’t mind allowing his father to see where exactly Estella’s aversion to Sonya came from. Roxanne nodded in acknowledgment. “Got it. Essie might be reluctant to leave me for the time being. Anyway, I'll talk to her.” At that, Lucian cast her a grateful look. “Thank you.”
Lowering her gaze, Roxanne chuckled airily. “They were the ones who raised Essie in the first place. It’s normal for the elderly to miss their grandchildren. However, Essie is pretty stubborn. I'll do my best to coax her.”
Despite saying that, she was actually worried inwardly. For some reason, Estella was exceedingly averse to Sonya. Hence, she was afraid that the latter would upset the little girl.
Seemingly seeing right through her, Lucian softened his voice and promised, “I'll get my mother to see reason slowly. I’m sorry you have to put up with her.”
When Roxanne heard that, she stilled imperceptibly. A glimmer of elation flashed across her eyes.
| thought he would, at the very least, maintain a neutral stance between me and Sonya. | honestly didn’t expect him to side with me. It turns out that I’m not the only one working hard when it comes to his mother’s attitude toward our relationship.
For a moment, she didn’t quite know how to describe her feelings.
Some time passed before she gradually composed herself. Lifting her eyes to him, she whispered, “Thank you.”
Lucian stared at her intently. “I should be the one thanking you for your willingness to persist until now despite my mother’s attitude toward you.”
After he had said that, his gaze darkened a shade. Guilt stained his eyes. “If she realizes her mistakes in the future, | think—”
Before he had finished speaking, Roxanne had already chortled aloud. “As long as Mrs. Farwell can divest herself of her prejudice toward the boys and me, I'll be more than glad to be a family with her.”
She sounded incredibly sincere, her voice devoid of any pretense. Locking gazes with her earnest eyes, Lucian couldn't help leaning toward her bit by bit. Meanwhile, Roxanne was inexorably taken aback when she sensed his approach.
By the time she gathered her wits about her, the man had already captured her lips. His hands spanned her waist, leaving her with no way of escaping.
Fortunately, Lucian merely kissed her briefly. Shortly after, he dropped his hold on her. 
###Chapter 1461
Chapter 1461
Upon seeing that Roxanne was still ina daze, Lucian couldn't resist lifting his hand and caressing her face. “You...”
Roxanne was stupefied for several seconds before she belatedly snapped back to her senses. Mild embarrassment showed in her eyes.
While the man had sneaked up on her countless times when they were in Miralaea, she could more or less postulate the reason after the fact.
But this time, | didn’t do anything. Why did he simply kiss me? Innocence was written all over Lucian’s face. “Sorry, | lost control.”
At that answer, Roxanne’s eyes went wide in fury. However, she couldn't really censure him either. All she could do was turn around as though nothing had happened and put the washed tableware aside.
The two of them spent some time doing the dishes. When they exited the kitchen, Archie, Benny, and Estella pestered Lucian to play with them for a while.
Only when it was rather late did Lucian drive home. Needless to say, Roxanne saw him off with the three children.
When they had gone back into the mansion, she watched as Archie and Benny got into bed before making her way to her bedroom to take care of Estella.
“Essie, would you like to go home with your grandpa and grandma tomorrow?” Lying on the bed, Roxanne only started coaxing Estella after spending a long time bracing herself mentally.
As soon as Estella heard that, her initially smiling face fell. She clutched at Roxanne’s arm tightly. “No! | want to be with you, Mommy!”
Roxanne hugged her comfortingly. “I want to be with you too, Essie, but your grandpa and grandma miss you. Why don’t you go back and keep them company for two days? Then, I’ll go over and bring you back here again. How about that?”
It took a lengthy persuasion before Estella was finally less averse to that idea.
Early the following morning, Roxanne sent all three children to the kindergarten. When she was planning to leave, Estella clung onto the hem of her clothes, unwilling to loosen her grip.
She patiently cajoled the little girl for a while before the latter entered the kindergarten at long last.
Nevertheless, Estella remained morose the entire day as her mind was occupied with the fact that she had to go back with her grandparents later in the day.
In the afternoon, the kindergarten hosted a mini sports competition. Only then did Estella’s spark of life gradually return. Under Archie and Benny’s lead, she got along smashingly with the other children.
At the sight of the children all fired up, Jeffrey and the other teachers wore expressions of gratification.
“| never expected Ms. Jarvis to be Essie’s biological mother,” Jeffrey lamented.
It wasn’t until he had spoken that the others dared comment on that subject.
“Exactly. | didn’t expect Essie to be Archie and Benny’s biological sister. No wonder she always clung to the boys when she used to like to keep to herself.”
Likewise, gladness shone in Pippa’s eyes as she regarded the three children.
She had been teaching Estella for a long time, so she was happier than anyone else to see the little girl’s personality turning bubbly.
Hearing that they were clearly favoring Roxanne, Ophelia was disgruntled. Even so, she went along with the flow. “I know, right? The world of the rich is really complicated.”
The instant those words rang out, Pippa eyed her strangely. She couldn't shake off the feeling that Ophelia’s words carried an underlying meaning to them.
Sensing Pippa’s gaze, Ophelia chuckled blithely. “But then, they’ve got a happy ending. The fact that the kids have a whole family is far more important than anything else.”
Following that remark, the sense of incongruity within Pippa finally dissipated. She bobbed her head in agreement. No sooner had she retracted her gaze than a chilly gleam glinted in Ophelia’s eyes.
Hah! Isn’t Roxanne and her family’s so-called happy ending thanks to that b*tch stealing my best friend’s man? If it weren’t for her, Aubree wouldn’t have ended up in such a state today! I'll definitely teach this family a lesson on Aubree’s behalf! 
###Chapter 1462
Chapter 1462
Ophelia couldn't help but recall how she lived frugally overseas as she watched the kids having fun.
Without Aubree’s assistance, she likely would have encountered difficulties in carrying on with her studies.
Initially, Aubree wanted her to join Pearson Group after she returned to the country.
Ophelia was filled with deep gratitude for Aubree, who went above and beyond to assist her.
When Aubree voiced her discontentment about Roxanne, Ophelia was quick to join in, expressing her own disdain as well. Alas, none of them expected that Pearson Group would meet its end before Ophelia could return to the country.
According to Aubree, the downfall of the Pearson family was mainly due to Roxanne’s influence on Lucian. She was able to snatch him away from Aubree and convince him to do whatever it took to destroy the Pearson family. There were, of course, other causes that culminated in the eventual demise of the Pearson family, but Roxanne’s interference was ultimately the most decisive factor.
Roxanne had hurt her friend and brought about the ruin of the Pearson family, leaving Ophelia without any opportunity to achieve her ambitions.
Hence, it was only natural for Ophelia to despise Roxanne.
Getting a job at the kindergarten after her return was also Aubree’s idea. Since Roxanne was the cause of their misery, they must teach her a lesson! Ophelia agreed to Aubree’s suggestion readily.
Her goal was to inflict harm upon Roxanne’s children in order to teach her a lesson, but she hadn’t gotten a chance to do so for the past few days.
The sports competition was the perfect opportunity for her to carry out her plan. Ophelia kept her gaze on the kids as she racked her brains to figure out a plan. Meanwhile, the children were focused on the games.
The first game they took part in was the puzzle game.
It was a competition, so the teachers had selected some difficult puzzles for the kids.
The other kids had been born into affluent households and had received additional tutoring beyond their regular schooling, yet they were completely bewildered by the challenging puzzles.
Archie and Benny were pleased with themselves after completing their puzzles with ease. They started clapping their hands smugly and turned around to find that Estella was also clapping her hands with them.
The boys exchanged a look and assumed Estella had yet to complete her puzzle. They were about to go and help her when they realized she had already finished her puzzle.
“Essie, you’re so smart!” Benny praised her excitedly. Estella’s lips curled into a smug grin.
The other children forgot to complete their own puzzles and gathered to lavish praises on the three of them.
The three children were surrounded by their friends.
The next game was an obstacle course that required them to put on blindfolds. Archie and Benny were the first ones to make it through the obstacle course with their blindfolds on. After taking them off, they turned their attention to Estella, offering her assistance as she attempted to complete the same challenge.
Under their guidance, Estella soon completed the course. Her grin grew wider.
They were so engrossed in completing the games that they didn’t notice Ophelia’s gaze on them.
Jeffrey and the other teachers were paying attention to the kids, too.
It took Ophelia some time before she came up with an idea. Carefully, she observed her surroundings.
Once she made sure no one was looking at her, she sneaked away and ran to the equipment room.
The children’s sneakers for their upcoming game were neatly arranged in the equipment room.
Their parents had lovingly prepared the shoes for them, taking great care to label their shoes with their name stickers.
Ophelia meandered around the area until she eventually spotted Benny’s shoes at the most outward corner. Her expression was dark as she picked them up. 
###Chapter 1463
Chapter 1463
The next game was hopping on one foot. The kids filed to the equipment room to change into their sneakers.
After changing into his shoes, Benny felt slightly uncomfortable. He assumed that it was probably because he had not worn these types of shoes in quite some time and wasn’t used to the fit. Nonetheless, he didn’t give it too much thought and kept going.
Archie and Estella were urging him to hurry up, so he pushed aside the thought of his uncomfortable shoes and hurried over to them, beaming happily.
This was an individual game, and Benny’s turn wasn’t until later.
After Archie and Estella finished their turns, they stood aside to watch Benny play.
“Remember to be careful. Safety comes first,” Pippa told them repeatedly.
Ophelia stood aside and acted like she was ready to spring into action and protect the children at any moment.
The three children had done a good job in the previous games, so when it was Benny’s turn, their friends cheered him on and watched him expectantly.
Benny’s competitive nature was unleashed, and he began to hop quickly.
He picked up speed as his friends cheered him on.
When he realized something was wrong, it was too late for him to stop.
“Benny!” Archie yelled.
He was the first one to take note of Benny’s strange behavior and ran over to his brother hastily. Benny did his best to halt in his tracks.
However, the harder he tried, the more out of balance he got.
In the end, he toppled to the ground.
Beneath him was a hurdle that they were supposed to hop over.
Crack!
Benny crashed into the hurdle, breaking it in half. Wincing in pain, he landed awkwardly, his hand twisted beneath him in an unnatural position. He felt a sharp pain flaring up his arm.
Without warning, Benny, who was typically strong, burst into noisy tears. “Benny, what happened? Let me see your injury!”
Ophelia stood the closest to Benny, so she was the first one who rushed up to him and embraced him tightly. She was also careful to wipe away the oil on the ground discreetly with her free hand.
Archie soon arrived and knelt down beside Benny. Spotting Benny's injured wrist, he exclaimed, “Ms. Smith, | think Benny's wrist is fractured!”
The boys practically grew up in the research institute. They might not be skilled in medicine but had learned something from their time there.
It was rare to see Benny wailing loudly, so Archie was sure that his younger brother was seriously injured.
“Ms. Smith, let’s bring Benny to the doctor! He must be in pain!”
Ophelia pretended to agree. “Calm down. I'll bring him to the doctor now!”
Despite saying that, she slowly removed Benny’s sneakers, taking the time to put them away in an obscure location before any of the other teachers arrived. She then brought Benny to the infirmary.
Benny didn’t stop bawling his eyes out during the entire journey.
Estella had never seen Benny crying hysterically before. She felt a stab of pain in her heart as she took Archie’s hand. “Is Benny seriously injured? | think he... I’m scared.”
Her eyes turned red as she urged, “Let's call Mommy and ask her to come. I’m sure she’s capable enough of treating Benny!”
Archie was feeling quite flustered, but he managed to assure her calmly, “There’s no need to be scared. The doctor will look at Benny and assess his condition. If it turns out that something serious has happened, then we'll call Mommy right away. She’s busy at work, so we shouldn’t disturb her unless it’s absolutely necessary.”
After hearing his comforting words, Estella calmed down a little. She stopped talking and clutched Archie’s clothes nervously. 
###Chapter 1464
Chapter 1464
Jeffrey, Pippa, and Ophelia brought Benny to the infirmary while the other teachers stayed back to take care of the remaining children.
Benny was sobbing uncontrollably, so the atmosphere in the infirmary was incredibly tense. “Doctor, how is he?” Jeffrey asked in a tight voice when the doctor completed the examination.
Never mind if this had happened in the past. Benny is now Mr. Farwell’s son. If something were to occur while he was under my watch in the kindergarten, | can’t bear the consequences!
Beside him, Archie and Estella lifted their heads to gaze at the doctor earnestly.
The doctor retrieved a medical kit to dress Benny’s scratches. “The abrasions aren’t concerning, but | believe he may have a bruised cartilage. It’s advisable to take him to the hospital for a comprehensive examination.”
Hearing that, Jeffrey's vision swam, and he nearly stumbled on his feet. Archie’s expression was grim as he led Estella out of the infirmary to call Roxanne. He knew that Benny’s injury was serious as the doctor advised them to send him to the hospital.
Roxanne was immersed in her research for new medication in her laboratory when her phone suddenly lit up, indicating an incoming call. However, she was too busy to take it.
“Dr. Jarvis, it’s Archie,” someone told her. Hearing that, Roxanne put a halt to her work and paused her experiment to answer the call.
As soon as the call was connected, Archie spoke in a rush without giving her a chance to say anything. “Mommy, Benny is hurt. | think he needs to go to the hospital. Are you free to come over now?”
Roxanne was stunned. Benny is hurt? Archie’s voice sounded composed. “If you’re busy, I'll call Mr. Farwell.”
“No. Wait for me. I'll be there right away.” Roxanne snapped out of her reverie and asked sternly, “Is your teacher with you? Give the watch to her so | can talk to her.”
After learning that Roxanne would be there, Archie relaxed and obediently gave his watch to Pippa.
Roxanne asked which hospital they were sending Benny to before hanging up in a rush. She then informed Linda and left the research institute hastily.
She had no intention of snubbing Lucian by not wanting him to be present.
It was simply that she was a doctor and knew that her expertise was more beneficial than his in this situation.
In the infirmary, Pippa and Jeffrey prepared to send Benny to the hospital.
Ophelia pretended to ask, “Should we all go together? What about the other kids from the class? Should | tell the other teachers to take care of them?”
Pippa answered without hesitation, “It’s fine. | can manage, so you should go back to the class.”
Jeffrey wasn’t about to let her go to the hospital alone. “Ms. Ward and | will go together. You can leave now.”
Ophelia expressed her concern pretentiously before turning to leave.
When she returned to the field, the other kids had already started another game under their teachers’ lead.
Ophelia made sure no one saw her retrieving Benny’s shoes which she had hidden earlier. She worked diligently to rid the footwear of the oil stains and then arranged them alongside the other sneakers.
Once all that was done, she returned to the other children with a smile on her face.
The children gathered around Ophelia to inquire about Benny's injury. Internally, Ophelia was elated, though on the outside she kept a worried expression.
“I'm not sure, but you must be careful to avoid getting hurt as Benny did.”
The children nodded readily. 
###Chapter 1465
Chapter 1465
Roxanne’s heart was lodged in her throat as she made her way to the hospital. She floored the accelerator, on the verge of breaking the speed limit.
Archie and Benny might be independent since young, but it was the first time one of them had gotten hurt. Roxanne felt a surge of anxiety wash over her.
Upon arrival, Roxanne parked her car hastily and strode into the hospital.
Pippa was considerate enough to text her the ward number after Benny was admitted to the hospital. Thus, Roxanne found them without any difficulty.
“Mommy!”
Archie firmly grasped her hand, squeezing it with such force that it caused her pain.
Estella also clutched at the corner of her shirt.
Roxanne patted their heads comfortingly before turning to Pippa. “Ms. Ward, what happened?”
Pippa answered apologetically, “We're not sure yet. The doctor at the infirmary said it might be a bruised cartilage. Benny is taking an X-ray inside.”
Roxanne felt a stab of pain in her heart after she heard the news.
“Ms. Jarvis, we're really sorry. It was our fault that Benny got hurt as we didn’t take good care of him,” Jeffrey apologized profusely. “We had hoped that the sports day would help to strengthen the bond between the children, and we never anticipated that this would happen. | promise the children will no longer be allowed to participate in any activities that could put them at risk.”
Roxanne gazed at the kids, seeking their confirmation.
After Aubree had previously poisoned the children, she was extremely vigilant when it came to the wellbeing of the kids. She made sure to take every precaution possible and to be very mindful of their safety.
Estella’s eyes were red. The little girl was so overwhelmed that she couldn't utter a word.
Archie remained composed as he nodded and clarified, “It was a game of hopping on one foot. Benny’s turn was behind us. I’m not sure why he suddenly stumbled and fell.”
Hearing his confirmation, Roxanne relaxed and turned to Jeffrey. “You don’t have to blame yourself. It’s normal for children to get bumps and bruises when they play around. As long as they’re not seriously hurt, everything should be okay.”
Right after she spoke, the doctor led Benny out.
Upon spotting her, Benny, who had managed to put an end to his weeping only moments ago, was overcome with emotion again. He burst into tears and leaped into her arms.
He sobbed, “Mommy, it hurts!” Roxanne glanced at his wounded arm.
He had a long, noticeable scrape that extended from his wrist to his palm. His hand was already beginning to swell up in response to the injury.
Benny’s wrist was stiff. Roxanne couldn’t tell if it was due to the pain or some other cause.
Feeling bad for him, she gave him a comforting hug. “Don’t be afraid. I’m here, so you won't feel the pain soon. Be a good boy, okay?”
She then brought him to see the doctor. “Doctor, how is he doing? Can | see the X-ray?”
Naturally, the doctor gave her the X-ray and explained, “He has a soft tissue injury. Children are not good at enduring pain, so | believe this injury will cause him to experience a long period of discomfort.”
Roxanne observed the X-ray carefully and furrowed her brows. It was a serious injury, so she could imagine how abrupt Benny’s fall had been.
As she was a doctor herself, she had taught Archie and Benny from a young age how to minimize their risk of harm in the event that they ever encountered any difficulties.
Benny shouldn't have forgotten her teachings unless it was a sudden situation. Suspicion flashed across her eyes.
“| would suggest that he remain in the hospital for a few days of observation. If he is recovering satisfactorily, he can then be discharged,” the doctor added.
“| don’t want to stay in the hospital!” Benny wailed by her ear.
Roxanne patted Benny's head and told the doctor, “No need. I’m a doctor, so | can take care of him myself. Thank you.” 
###Chapter 1466
Chapter 1466
After getting the doctor’s permission, Roxanne brought the children back. Meanwhile, Elias and Sonya were waiting outside the kindergarten after school hours, but they saw no signs of Estella. Soon, most of the children had been picked up, but there were still no signs of their granddaughter.
The two of them wanted to ask the teacher about what was going on, but they belatedly realized that they rarely sent and picked up Estella, so they did not even know which class the girl was in.
“There’s no sign of Essie around. | thought he said we could pick her up,” Sonya grumbled.
Elias had a grimace on his face, and he immediately called Lucian to question, “Did you talk to Roxanne about this? We're at the kindergarten entrance, but we don’t see Essie anywhere.”
Lucian was confused when he heard that. “Give me a second. I’m going to call Roxanne. She agreed to this yesterday, so maybe something popped up.”
Elias said nothing to that, and Lucian called Roxanne after ending the call with Elias.
Roxanne was treating Benny’s wound, so it took her a while before she could answer the call.
“Where’s Essie?” came Lucian’s voice. “Did something happen?”
It was only then Roxanne recalled that Elias and his wife were supposed to pick Estella up that afternoon.
Lowering her gaze to look at the girl, Roxanne then apologetically said to Lucian, “Something happened on my side, so | picked Essie up first. Please ask if your parents mind picking her up from my place. | can’t leave at the moment.”
Estella seemed to have heard Roxanne’s words, for her already-worried expression became even more obvious. Roxanne reached out to pat her head reassuringly. Lucian furrowed his brows and asked, “What happened?”
Perhaps his voice had a certain soothing quality to it as Roxanne did not realize she let some of her weariness seep into her tone.
“Benny was hurt this afternoon, and Archie and Essie accompanied him to the hospital. | wasn’t thinking clearly in my hurry, so | ended up taking Essie back as well.”
Asolemn look appeared on Lucian’s face. “Is it bad? Do you need me there?”
Roxanne’s heart melted a little at that, but she chuckled and rejected him. “No, it’s fine. Do remember that I’m a doctor, so | can treat him. | just need to trouble you to talk to your parents. If they want to come over, I'll be waiting for them.”
Lucian was worried, but he did not insist after hearing her reassurance.
After ending the call with her, he called his father to explain the situation.
Elias uttered no words of protest when he heard that it was because one of the boys was hurt. He was understanding, in fact. “I'm sure she’s very busy if he’s hurt. Let’s not disturb her, then. We'll go another day.”
Lucian thanked his father on behalf of Roxanne and the children.
“How can this be so coincidental?” Sonya was upset. “She must have done this on purpose. She’s just lying to us; she doesn’t want us to take Essie away. In fact, she must be thinking of marrying into the Farwell family as Essie’s biological mother!”
After hanging up, Elias turned to look at his wife in exasperation. “We'll know whether the kid is injured or not when we see him. Why would she make such a flimsy lie?”
“Who knows? You're not even intending to go to her place. You must be on her side!” With that, Sonya whipped her head to the side, not wanting to look at him anymore. 
###Chapter 1467
Chapter 1467
Elias knitted his brows when he saw his wife acting in that way. “I don’t remember any conflicts between the two of you six years ago. Why are you so biased against her?”
“Are you saying that I’m unreasonable?” Sonya snapped, turning around to glare at him. The resignation on Elias’ face deepened. “I’m only stating facts. Why are you taking this so personally?”
“Then we'll go to her place to check it out right now! We'll see if the kid really is hurt! Didn’t she ask us to pick Essie up from her house? We'll go right now!”
Elias knew that she was only saying that because she was furious, so he just drove them back to the Farwell main residence. Sonya was even more irked when she realized where they were heading, and she kept grumbling on their way back.
Elias pretended not to hear anything she said.
He was already relenting much by accompanying her to pick Estella up from the kindergarten.
As Farwell Group’s chairman, he simply could not do something ludicrous like kicking up a fuss in another person’s house with her.
Even if his wife said it was for the Farwell family’s sake, Elias still thought that they had no need to do something that extreme.
Meanwhile, after Lucian conveyed the message to his father, he found himself fretting about Benny’s injury. Thus, he went to Roxanne’s place.
At the same time, Benny was staring at his mother and muttering, “Mommy, was that call from Mr. Farwell?”
As Roxanne treated his wound, she answered, “Mhm. | forgot that Essie was supposed to go home with her grandparents today.”
Benny did not care about that; he only cared about whether or not his father was coming. “Will Mr. Farwell be coming?” He was hurt, and he wanted his father to give him words of encouragement.
However, Roxanne halted in her tracks and hesitantly started, “Mr. Farwell is a busy man...”
Before she could finish her sentence, the sound of the doorbell rang out.
Thinking that it was Elias and Sonya, Roxanne rose to her feet and went over to open the door.
However, upon registering the face of the man by the entrance, she blinked in surprise.
“Why are you here? Didn't you say...”
Lucian had been in a hurry to come, so he was only wearing a plain dress shirt and a tie. In a quiet voice, he said, “They said they'll come and pick Essie up another day and asked you to take good care of Benny.”
Shock flashed across Roxanne’s eyes when she heard that.
“Where’s Benny? How is he? Is it bad?”
As if he had arrived at his own house, he easily navigated his way inside.
By the time Roxanne came back to her senses, the man was already in the living room.
Benny immediately forgot about his pain when he heard his father’s voice. He cried out, “I’m here!”
To access his wound easier, Roxanne had asked the boy to sit at the dining table.
She was only in the middle of applying medicine to his wound when Lucian arrived, so the boy still had iodine on his wrist. Archie and Estella then walked over to Lucian as well.
When Lucian followed the two children into the dining room, he was greeted by the sight of Benny with reddened eyes.
His forehead creased.
It was his first time seeing the boy cry, and it even seemed like the boy had been bawling.
He guessed that it must have hurt quite a bit.
“| heard that you were injured. Does it hurt a lot?” Lucian said in heartache as he walked over to look at Benny’s injured wrist. As he did not know the extent of Benny’s injury, he dared not simply touch the boy.
Nevertheless, Benny flashed him a smile and said, “It doesn’t hurt anymore! I’m really tough!”
“| wonder who was the one who started crying when he saw me,” Roxanne mercilessly pointed out as she entered the dining room. 
###Chapter 1468
Chapter 1468
Benny frowned and corrected himself, “It only hurts a little!”
To emphasize his point, he even made a gesture of a pinching hand with his thumb and index finger. Seeing how insistent the kid was, Roxanne couldn’t help but burst into laughter.
Lucian, too, smiled and patted Benny on his head. “You're a tough boy, Benny.”
Upon hearing his father’s compliment, Benny held his head high and beamed with pride.
Archie, on the contrary, felt a twinge of envy for his brother and glanced at his mother.
Argh. | wonder when Mommy will accept Daddy’s proposal. That way, I’ll also have a chance of being praised by Daddy in the future...
“How’s his injury? Is it serious?” Lucian asked as he turned to Roxanne, who was still treating Benny’s wound.
“I've developed a medicine recently to treat bruises, and it's pretty effective,” she explained. “In the meantime, however, Benny will have to take extra care of his wrist. He can’t be as reckless as before.”
That was a reminder Benny had long heard from his mother, but even so, he couldn’t hold back from putting on a sad face in front of his father.
Lucian gently caressed the boy’s face and smiled. “There, there. Remember to be extra careful during this time. That way, you'll recover faster.”
Having been comforted by his father, Benny nodded obediently in response.
Aglint of exasperation flashed across Roxanne’s eyes when she realized her son was acting cute.
The nerve of this kid... He hasn’t known Lucian that long, yet he’s already clinging to him.
“By the way, I'll bring more medicine over in a while. Take some with you when you leave,” Roxanne suddenly added. Lucian promptly nodded without saying anything.
After tending to Benny's injury, Roxanne still had a lot on her mind, so she told the kids to run along and play.
Soon, only she and Lucian were left in the dining room.
“What's the matter?” the latter asked as soon he saw how distracted the woman was.
Roxanne furrowed her brows. “I had agreed to let them take Essie home, but in the end, | still took her back to mine. Will your parents think I’m not a woman of my word?”
Mrs. Farwell’s already prejudiced against me, and even though Lucian hasn’t said anything, I’m pretty sure this visit was her idea. I’m so worried that my mistake might ruin Mr. Farwell’s impression of me...
Naturally, Lucian understood her worries. “No. I’ve already explained things to my father. He won't mind any of this.” Despite the reassurance, Roxanne still found it impossible to dismiss all her concerns. As she turned to look at the three children playing outside, she unconsciously heaved a sigh.
Lucian instantly walked up and pulled her into his embrace. “Don’t worry. I’m still here. No matter what happens, Ill always protect you and the kids.”
Feeling the comforting warmth from Lucian’s arms, Roxanne began to feel more at ease. All of a sudden, the sound of Lucian’s phone ringing broke the peaceful silence in the dining room. Lucian glanced at his phone screen, only to realize it was a call from the head of the kindergarten, Jeffrey.
Ah, yes. | instructed Jeffrey earlier to look into how Benny had gotten injured. | guess he’s calling to tell me the results of the investigation.
“Mr. Farwell, I’ve already gotten my men to conduct a thorough investigation. Not only did we examine Benny’s shoes and the venue, but we also checked the surveillance footage. There’s no problem at all,” Jeffrey said cautiously. “Benny was just careless...”
At that, the man quickly made a U-turn and shifted the blame onto himself and the kindergarten. “It’s all our fault for not putting enough safety measures in place! | take full responsibility for it. Don’t worry. I’ve reminded our teachers to pay extra attention in the future! Accidents like this won’t happen again!” 
###Chapter 1469
Chapter 1469
Meanwhile, Ophelia stepped out of the kindergarten with a grim expression.
Thank goodness | handled the matter fast enough! Who'd have thought Mr. Bauer would launch an investigation as soon as he returned? Gosh. | almost blew my cover! Then again, this must mean that little b*stard’s injury was pretty bad...
With that thought in mind, Ophelia curled her lips into a smirk.
That b*tch Roxanne has ruined my chances of a happy and comfortable life! She deserves this little payback from me. Ha! Naturally, Ophelia needed to inform Aubree about the incident, so she quickly got into her car and dialed the latter’s number. Fortunately, the call got through after just a few rings.
“How did it go? Did you succeed?” Aubree asked urgently.
Argh. Life has been incredibly tough on me lately. | need some good news to cheer me up!
“| greased the shoes of that Benny boy, and he fell really hard!” Ophelia said with a smug chortle. “Mr. Bauer even made a big fuss out of it when he returned, so I’m sure that little b*stard was injured pretty badly!”
Upon hearing that, Aubree felt both gleeful and relieved. “Well done! I’m so thankful for your help. | wouldn’t have known who else to turn to if you hadn’t agreed.”
“Don’t mention it. Remember how much you helped me back then? I’m only too happy to be able to return the favor.” Aubree, however, wasn’t willing to leave things just like that.
So what if I’m not as rich as before or no longer own many luxury items? Compared to me, Ophelia is still from a lower-class background. She’s helped me, and it’s only fair that | reward her.
After looking around and searching high and low in her room, Aubree spoke up again. “Oh, come on. You took such a huge risk to help me. How can | not thank you? Anyway, | have a handbag that would suit you well.”
In other words, Aubree wanted to reward Ophelia with the handbag, and the latter quickly caught on to it.
Having long gotten used to Aubree’s condescending tone, Ophelia pretended to turn her down. “I told you there’s no need for that! You've already helped me a lot in the past.”
That said, the woman truly wanted the handbag.
She had been with Aubree for so many years that she knew better than anyone else how rich and generous the latter was. Even the tiniest amount of money from Aubree would be a lifetime of wealth to Ophelia.
Aubree may be down and out now, but she’s still far more powerful and wealthier than me. As for the handbag she just mentioned, I’m sure it’s one I'd never be able to afford in my entire life! Of course, | want it!
Thankfully Aubree was also very persistent in giving it away. “Are you looking down on me because the Pearson family isn’t what it used to be?” she grumbled as her face darkened. “I can still afford to gift a handbag!”
Stunned by Aubree’s outburst, Ophelia trembled and hastily explained, “No, that’s not what | meant—”
“In that case, meet me at Orange Moon tonight. I'll bring the handbag along!” Aubree interrupted before ending the call. As it turned out, Orange Moon was a bar that Aubree had recently been a loyal patron of.
It was a far cry from the high-end venues she used to frequent, but it was enough to impress someone like Ophelia.
Once she hung up the phone, Aubree began putting on her makeup and picking out her clothes. After what seemed like forever, she finally grabbed the handbag and left the house.
With how put-together Aubree was, there was no way anyone could tell from her outward appearance that the Pearson family had met its downfall. 
###Chapter 1470
Chapter 1470
Since Aubree only told her where to meet that night but didn’t give her a specific time, Ophelia could only head there earlier to wait at the entrance.
It wasn’t until after eight o’clock that she finally saw Aubree. “It's been a while,” Aubree began as she waltzed toward Ophelia while giving the woman a once-over.
When Aubree saw that Ophelia wasn’t doing any better than herself, relief washed over her as the smug gleam in her eyes intensified.
Seemingly unfazed, Ophelia took a sidelong glance at the bag in Aubree’s hand and smiled. “Indeed. Seems like you're the same as always and haven't changed at all.”
What she said was the truth. Aubree was dressed to the nines, carrying a bag costing hundreds of thousands that she wouldn't mind giving away.
If Aubree hadn't told her about the dire situation in the Pearson family, Ophelia would have never guessed the woman was now living a miserable life.
Hearing the compliment, Aubree curled her lips in satisfaction and handed the bag to Ophelia before saying, “Here you go. It’s the gift | promised you. | only used the bag two or three times, so it's almost brand new.”
Ophelia’s eyes lit up as she took the bag carefully.
Soon after, the two women went into a bar with Aubree in the lead. After booking a booth in the corner, they ordered two bottles of wine.
Upon settling down, the two started drinking while chatting. “You did well this time. Have you tied up all the loose ends?” Aubree asked, her tone tinged with concern.
Ophelia flashed a smile. “Don’t worry. | made sure not to leave any traces. Jeffrey didn’t notice anything wrong, and he simply thought that it was the little b*stard himself who was careless.”
“That’s good to hear.” Aubree instantly felt more at ease.
Subsequently, a cold gleam settled in her eyes, and she added, “But doing this one time won't be enough to alleviate the hatred in my heart!”
In her mind, Benny’s fall injury was just the tip of the iceberg of her revenge plan. She would need a lot more to finally feel satisfied.
In fact, it would be for the best if those brats could suffer more. Only then will Roxanne be able to experience what it’s like to live in despair.
Seeing how infuriated she was, Ophelia reassured her, “As long as | am still working in the kindergarten, there will still be a chance to make a move. | was too hasty this time, but I'll definitely make those b*stards pay the next time.”
Aubree raised her head to observe Ophelia when she heard those words and noticed that the latter was filled with as much hatred as she was. Pleased with what she saw, she filled up a glass of wine and passed it over to Ophelia.
“| only have you to help me now. Don’t worry. I’ll remember everything you did for me, and as for the position | promised you at Pearson Group, I'll keep that in mind as well. The moment the Pearson family makes a comeback, you shall become my right- hand woman!”
Seeing how confident Aubree was and the fact that she was still looking as glamorous as always, Ophelia became certain that the Pearson family was simply having a stroke of bad luck.
Filled with the hope that Aubree would make good on her promises, Ophelia raised her glass in a toast. As they drank, they discussed what they would do with the three little brats.
When they came out of the bar, Ophelia was no longer able to stand straight. Even so, she still gave her word to Aubree, promising, “I'll definitely help you. I'll put those three b*stards and that wench in their rightful places.”
Seeing how the woman was still declaring her loyalty to her when drunk, a disdainful glint flashed across Aubree’s eyes.
The only reason | helped her back then was because it didn’t cost me anything. | never would have guessed that | would obtain such an obedient dog in the process. Regardless, all that money I spent on her was wasted as she’s still as gullible as ever. 
###Chapter 1471
Chapter 1471
Because of Benny’s injury, Roxanne took a leave of absence for all three of her children and stayed at home to take care of Benny for the time being.
Fortunately, the ointment she had developed was very effective, and when she applied it to Benny, his wound healed up rather quickly.
In the past two days, Lucian would often come to visit the kids. While Roxanne was busy taking care of Benny, she was also worrying about the projects at the research institute. In the end, she found out that, except for the project with the Damaris family, all the other projects were progressing smoothly.
Due to the previous incident, the project with the Damaris family had to be handled by Roxanne and Roxanne only. As such, the project was stalled the moment she left.
Since she was preoccupied with taking care of Benny, it took Roxanne a few days to realize that she had forgotten to give Jack a heads-up on the situation.
Just when she was about to make a call to Jack to apologize, the man himself called her first. Upon seeing the caller ID, Roxanne answered the call immediately. With an apologetic tone, she greeted, “Mr. Damaris.”
In response, Jack’s cold voice rang out. “It’s been a long time, Ms. Jarvis. | wonder how your drug research is going? Since we're partners, shouldn't you take the initiative to report this matter to me?”
His tone was filled with a sense of superiority as if he was commanding Roxanne to do her job.
Although she felt uncomfortable at being chided, Roxanne was aware that she was in the wrong. As such, she decided to apologize. “I’m sorry, Mr. Damaris. | had some matters to take care of at home, so the research was temporarily delayed.”
When Jack heard this, his expression darkened, and his tone became even more displeased. “The same thing happened last time, and now, you're giving me a similar excuse again? How many times are you going to delay the research progress because of your personal affairs, Ms. Jarvis?”
| bet the progress was delayed because she’s out frolicking with Lucian again.
Frowning, Roxanne explained, “Benny’s hand was injured, so | had to stay at home to look after him for a few days. Because of this, | had neither the time nor the heart to concern myself with matters happening at the research institute.”
Making up her mind, she added, “Of course, I’m well aware that | am the one at fault for delaying the research progress. Mr. Damaris, if you're willing to put your trust in me, I'll do my best to catch up with the progress when | get back. That being said, | have no complaints as well if you don’t want to wait any longer and wish to change a partner. | am also willing to compensate for the delay in accordance with Damaris Group's requirements.”
Although the project with Damaris Group is important, it is nothing when compared to my son’s well-being.
Jack’s anger gradually dissipated when he heard that the matter Roxanne had to deal with involved her son. Subsequently, he started to panic when he realized she was proposing to cancel the cooperation.
Easing his tone, he said, “My apologies. | was reprimanding an employee earlier, and my temper got the better of me. | hope you won't mind that my tone was a bit harsh.”
Roxanne was as serious as ever when she asked, “So what are your plans, Mr. Damaris? I'll give my full cooperation.”
Jack replied, “Naturally, I'd like to keep cooperating with your research institute. After all, you are the best traditional medicine practitioner that | approve of in Chanaea.”
After saying that, he complained, “Why didn’t you tell me that Benny was hurt? If | had known about this, | would have given you a few days off, and we wouldn't be having this awkward conversation. Anyway, how is Benny faring? I'll pay him a visit next time.” 
###Chapter 1472
Chapter 1472
Roxanne felt Jack’s tone sounded a little peculiar.
Moreover, she also knew the kids weren’t fond of him, so she rejected him on the spot, “That’s not needed. Benny's injury has almost recovered. Thank you for your concern, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack replied, “It's better to take more precautions since he’s just a child. | have a special ointment passed down in the Damaris family. I'll bring it over in a while to visit him.”
Sensing his insistence, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to refuse him again, so she had no choice but to agree. After hanging up the phone, Roxanne summoned the children and informed them about Jack’s visit.
“Mommy, can you ask him not to come?” Benny was reluctant to meet with Jack.
Roxanne felt helpless, listening to Benny’s words.
“| did turn him down, but he was determined to come. He has your best interest at heart, so don’t blatantly show your dislike toward him later.”
With that, she turned to Estella. “And you, Essie. Do not repeat what you did previously. I'll ask him to leave as soon as possible.”
Estella nodded reluctantly.
Although Roxanne had punished Estella by asking the latter to stand in a corner, the little girl didn’t feel she had done anything wrong.
Roxanne could tell the children were unhappy with that arrangement. She let out a sigh of resignation. | don’t know what to do with these kids.
Not long after, Jack showed up at the mansion’s entrance.
Roxanne opened the door and welcomed him into the house.
“Hello, Mr. Damaris,” the three kids greeted him politely but none-too-enthusiastically.
Seemingly ignorant to their indifference, Jack strode up to Benny. “I heard that you were injured. Let me take a look.” He reached out and grasped Benny’s wrist after saying that.
Benny was averse to Jack. Although the wound on his wrist had almost recovered, he feigned agony when Jack touched him and swiftly retracted his arm.
“Does it hurt a lot?” Jack gazed at the kid scrutinizingly.
Benny nodded as if he was indeed in pain. “It hurts even with the slightest touch.” Daddy is better, after all. He didn’t touch my wrist when he visited me the other day.
Jack sized up Benny for a few more seconds before standing up and handing Roxanne the small tube of ointment in his hand. “This is a special medicine passed down in the Damaris family. Apply this on Benny’s arm, and the injury will recover in no time.” Roxanne received the medicine and courteously expressed her gratitude, “Thank you, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack bobbed his head in response. Then, he casually swept his eyes across the three children.
The kids had gathered around Roxanne and were eyeing him warily.
They're regarding me with that look in their eyes again!
Ahint of displeasure surged within Jack. He couldn't be sure if Archie and Benny were Lucian’s children, but it was evident that the boys were on Lucian’s side. That reason alone was sufficient to invoke Jack’s distaste toward the boys.
“I need to bring the kids out in a short while, so if there’s nothing else, Mr. Damaris...” Roxanne hinted at Jack for him to take his leave.
Fortunately, he didn’t insist on staying. “Take good care of Benny. There’s no hurry regarding the tasks at the research institute.”
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled. “Thank you. Don’t worry. I'll make sure to finish the development of the new medicine within the given time frame.”
The two didn’t chat further as Jack swiftly left afterward. Roxanne felt slightly suspicious as she watched his car disappear from her sight. Jack’s sole purpose for making that trip was clearly to confirm whether Benny was truly injured.
She could not shake off the feeling that Jack seemed to have changed in some aspects compared to when they first met. 
###Chapter 1473
Chapter 1473
Due to Benny’s injury, the three kids didn’t attend their classes at the kindergarten for the time being.
As a result, Ophelia didn’t have the chance to make her move.
Aubree repeatedly received disappointing updates from Ophelia when she contacted the latter on multiple occasions. Exasperated, Aubree invited Ophelia out once more.
“Aubree, there’s nothing | can do either. Who would’ve expected that b*tch to stop the other two kids from attending school after that little b*stard got hurt!” Ophelia uttered helplessly.
She thought she could still target Archie and Estella while Benny recuperated at home due to his injury.
To her surprise, she received news that all three children had applied for leave the following day.
Aubree clenched her fists. Hatred filled her eyes as she spoke. “That b*tch!”
The two women grimaced, stumped at the development.
While vexed, Ophelia carefully observed the changes in Aubree’s countenance, fearing the latter might get sick and tired of her. After a long while, Aubree piped up, “You should resign.”
Upon hearing that, Ophelia furrowed her brows and hastily said, “Be patient, Aubree. They'll have to return to school sooner or later. I'll have my chances when that happens.”
She thought Aubree was giving up on her. If that were the case, the position Aubree promised to secure for her at Pearson Group would become nothing but a dream.
However, Aubree merely glanced at her impatiently. “I suspect they are starting to mistrust you. I’m afraid they will find out about our plan if you continue staying there, so there’s no need to take this risk.”
Ophelia’s tense facial expression significantly relaxed after she heard that. Still, she remained cautious. “In that case, what should |—”
Aubree said, “I have a plan. You will resign for now and look for a place to lay low. I'll contact you afterward.” Ophelia agreed. When she returned to the kindergarten, she met with Jeffrey to discuss her resignation.
Jeffrey was puzzled by Ophelia’s decision to quit after working there for just a few days. “Is this because you think our kindergarten is not offering you optimal pay and benefits? Please voice out if you have any requests. | believe you're also aware of how important the class you’re handling is, so we desperately need manpower currently.”
Ophelia wore a troubled look. “That’s exactly why | wish to resign.” He frowned. “What do you mean?”
Ophelia replied, “You mentioned it yourself. The three kids in our class are the children of the Farwell family. I'm genuinely terrified now that one of them got hurt. | doubt my ability to take care of them, and I’m also afraid of facing the Farwell family’s wrath should the kids get injured again.”
To sum it up, Ophelia was too timid.
She stood firm on leaving even after he persuaded her for some time. Having no other choice, Jeffrey could only accept her notice to quit.
After exiting the kindergarten, Ophelia used the money Aubree gave her to check into a hotel while waiting for the latter to contact her.
When they had their meal earlier, Aubree merely told Ophelia she had a plan but didn’t specify the details. Meanwhile, Aubree returned to the mansion in the suburb. Disdain filled her eyes when she took in the mansion’s run-down appearance.
| will regain my previous lifestyle one day! Whoever wishes to live in this hellhole can feel free to do so! Roxanne, you b*tch, | will never let you off! Since you’re keeping those children so well-protected, | am left with no alternative but to target you. | will make sure you regret snatching what belongs to me!
Avicious look crept over Aubree’s face when she thought of her plan.
“Just you wait, Roxanne! I'll let you experience the suffering I’ve endured. You will pay dearly for what you've done to me!” 
###Chapter 1474
Chapter 1474
Meanwhile, Frieda could not help but feel uneasy as she had not received any news from Aubree for several days. She knew Aubree would not let the matter slide without a fight. Frieda also believed that she was the only person Aubree could rely on.
She would not have had any problem with Aubree asking her for money, but the biggest issue was that she had not heard from Aubree in the last couple of days.
Frieda was worried that Aubree might become desperate and drag her down with her! With each passing day without any news from Aubree, she grew increasingly restless.
In the afternoon, Frieda did not wait for the end of the workday before packing her bag and leaving Queen Group in haste, driving toward the suburbs.
She had to go and check on Aubree personally. Otherwise, she would not feel at peace!
After arriving at the entrance of the suburban mansion, Frieda stood hesitantly outside the gate.
The crazy look on Gina’s face was still fresh in her memory.
Frieda was worried that Gina might confront her aggressively if she barged into the mansion and bumped into that woman again. After giving it some thought, she gave Aubree a call.
It did not take long before Aubree answered the call. “What’s up, Frieda?”
Aubree’s voice was calm, almost unaffected. It was as if she was not bothered by anything at all.
Frieda was bewildered by her friend’s demeanor, but she dared not express it. She said, “Aubree, I’m here to see you. I’m downstairs at your house now. Your mom...”
Hearing the anxiety in her voice, Aubree chuckled lightly. “Come on in. They’re not at home.”
These days, Samuel and Gina had been reaching out to others, seeking help and hoping that someone would lend them a helping hand.
Little did they know that the entire Horington knew they had offended the Farwell family. Who would dare to go against the Farwells to help them?
Frieda heaved a sigh of relief when she learned that Gina was away. After entering the villa, she proceeded directly to Aubree’s bedroom.
Aubree’s room remained tidy, even though she had fallen on hard times. It looked almost the same as her previous bedroom.
“Well, well, well. Look who’s here. What brings you here today?” Aubree looked at the person in front of her with a hint of mockery in her eyes.
Ahint of guilt flashed across Frieda’s eyes. Panicked, she fished a card out of her bag and handed it to Aubree. “I was worried you might not have enough money. There's five hundred thousand in this card. Feel free to use it first.”
She had come all the way here to give Aubree money. That was the only intention she had in mind.
Yet, after seeing how carefree and cheerful Aubree was, Frieda felt a little uneasy.
Aubree seemed to be in a much better mood than before, and there was no sign of her previous resentment. Frieda was afraid she had already done something behind her back, but she dared not ask directly. She did not want to risk provoking Aubree and making her go crazy.
After a brief consideration, Frieda continued trying to please her. “I think you must be bored being alone. There’s a new bar in town. Shall we go have a drink tonight?”
Aubree sized her up for a bit before agreeing without uttering anything. Since it would take time for her to carry out her plan, she might as well have some fun first.
As the sky gradually darkened, Frieda drove Aubree into the city, taking numerous turns before arriving at a narrow alley where the new bar was situated.
The dispute between the Pearsons and the Farwells had caused a big fuss, and this bar happened to be opened by someone in their social circle.
Thus, Frieda deliberately chose a secluded booth to avoid being seen hanging out with Aubree.
Once they were seated, Frieda began to pour alcohol for Aubree, hoping to get her drunk and then coax some information out of her. 
###Chapter 1475
Chapter 1475
The two of them drank non-stop, one shot after another. Little did they know someone had been monitoring them from the minute they stepped into the bar.
Upon noticing that the two women had almost finished their drinks, a man leisurely got up, walked downstairs, and sat beside them while holding a glass of wine.
“Excuse me, ladies. Mind if | join you for a drink?” The man slid into the seat next to Aubree, his movements intentionally brushing against her body.
Due to Frieda’s persistent pouring, Aubree was already inebriated by that time. Thus, not only was her guard down, but she even leaned onto the newcomer’s chest.
Frieda, on the other hand, was more cautious. “Do we know you?” she asked.
The man flashed a calm smile and reached out to clink glasses with the glass in front of Frieda. “Perhaps not yet, but we'll get there eventually.”
He turned to Aubree, giving her a flirtatious grin. “Looks like this young lady is quite fond of me.”
After downing half of the wine in his glass, he poured the remaining into Aubree’s mouth.
Aubree, who was already not in the right state of mind, gripped his wrist, pulled the glass closer to her, and gulped the wine. “Aubree!” Frieda was getting anxious.
Although she was wary of Aubree, it did not mean she could allow a man to take advantage of someone she was once close with!
She got up, wanting to pull Aubree over to her side.
Before she could do that, the man grabbed her wrist with a smirk and uttered in an icy tone, “The lady accepted my drink, so she’s mine tonight. Since she didn’t turn me down, you better not ruin my fun!”
Frieda suddenly became alert. “Who are you? Let go of Aubree!”
After pushing Freida, causing her to fall on the couch, the man gently lifted Aubree’s body onto his shoulder in a fireman’s carry and walked to the door.
Frieda was both shocked and scared. Getting up from the couch, she tried to catch up to the man.
Unfortunately, she found it challenging to navigate through the crowded bar as she had sprained her ankle when the man shoved her to the couch just now.
In the blink of an eye, the man and Aubree disappeared from her view.
Frieda immediately went into panic mode. If something awful happens to Aubree tonight...
Frieda’s concern grew as she worried that her well-intentioned actions could backfire and cause Aubree to spiral into a state of insanity once again. If that happened, the latter might just drag Frieda down with her.
The thought of that possibility made Frieda grit her teeth and bear the pain in her foot as she searched through the crowd for any sign of them.
Despite her best efforts, Frieda was unable to locate Aubree and the man, leaving her feeling helpless and uneasy. However, as she scanned the room, her eyes fell upon a familiar figure standing in the corner.
The person was holding a mobile phone aimed in the direction of the door and seemed to be taking photos. Frieda walked up to the person. “Cory!”
Cory paused for a moment and put down his phone. His once delicate face had become gaunt and unrecognizable. “Ms. Queen, long time no see.”
Frieda looked at him sternly, and her eyes filled with caution. “What are you doing here? Whose photos are you taking?”
If her memory served her correctly, her brother had explicitly informed her that Lucian had sent the private detective packing. Moreover, he had allegedly gotten into some serious trouble at the casino and was supposed to be dead by now. What is he doing here? Did he snap photos of me drinking with Aubree just now? 
###Chapter 1476
Chapter 1476
Cory’s face was clouded over with disdain. “Obviously, I’m taking a picture of my lovely ex-boss. Aubree was the one who made me who | am today. How can | possibly forgive her so easily?”
As he spoke, an ominous aura radiated from him as if he were a devil from hell. There was an imminent chill in the air that seemed to come from his sheer hatred toward Aubree.
Frieda couldn't help but shudder at his demeanor.
“Have you gone insane? The Pearson family is already in ruins. How are you still not satisfied yet?”
Cory snickered. “I won't be satisfied until she truly gets what she deserves. Besides, she did this to herself!” He narrowed his eyes and began scrutinizing the people in front of him.
“You don’t have to play pretend around me, Ms. Queen. Don’t you want to shut her up for good too? In fact, you're probably still getting threatened by her, right?”
Frieda’s eyelids quivered as she forced herself to look away. “I don’t know what you're talking about.” She might have done her best to play it off, but she had faltered for a little bit too long for Cory to miss it.
He scoffed, “You have no idea what sort of life I've been living for the past few days. Aubree’s the one I’m after right now, so you better not get in my way. If not, I’m not afraid to drag you down with me. | only have one life left to live, and if anyone pisses me off, I'll make sure they pay.”
Frieda felt a chill run down her spine and found herself at a loss for words.
Cory simply glared at her before tucking his phone in his pocket and walking out of the bar. As she watched his retreating figure, she began to feel something wasn’t right.
Eventually, she noticed he was limping. One of his legs was injured.
Her brother’s words suddenly popped into her head.
It seems Cory was really captured by those people at the casino.
She had never experienced it herself, but she knew how ruthless those people could be. She couldn't bear to imagine the torture Cory must have gone through with them. However, she was curious about how he had managed to escape.
No wonder he hates Aubree so much.
The sight of a man in his prime getting reduced to such a state truly shocked her. She was taken aback but also terrified.
The three of them had been on the same boat once. Aubree and Cory had fallen so far from grace that she couldn’t help but wonder if she would be next.
No! | can’t become like them!
Frieda rushed to get her bag and hurried out of the bar.
She had to quickly come up with a plan to get rid of the bloodsucker named Aubree.
After walking out of the bar, Cory continued limping with difficulty into a small alley. He was drenched in sweat even after such a simple task.
He had been hanging on the brink of death when he got captured by the casino workers, and it was through sheer luck and desperation that he had even gotten out alive.
Sadly, his leg would never fully recover.
It was exhausting for him to walk even a short distance.
He had to take a break to regain his strength.
He took his phone out and stared at the picture of Aubree on it with an evil glint in his eyes.
If it wasn’t for her, he would never have gotten into such trouble.
He had been reduced to that ghastly state, and he would make sure Aubree paid for that.
He wanted to drag her down to hell with him.
After he typed something on his phone, a notification that reads “Message sent” popped up on his screen.
He snorted triumphantly and tucked his phone back into his pocket before limping further into the dark alley. 
###Chapter 1477
Chapter 1477
At that moment in the Farwell residence, Lucian had just finished his work and was about to give Roxanne a call.
Since Estella was now staying at Roxanne’s house, Lucian kept using it as an excuse to call her whenever he had time. He had just picked up his phone when a message from an unfamiliar number popped up.
Lucian frowned and opened it.
A few pictures began loading on the screen.
They were taken in a bar, and the dim lighting made it hard to make out most of the details.
However, right in the middle of the picture was Aubree all cozied up against a random man as she sipped from his glass. The pictures after that were all of them leaving together.
Lucian’s eyes gleamed with disdain.
The Pearson family was now in near shambles, but Aubree somehow still had the nerve to go out and party as if nothing had ever happened.
Who could guarantee that she hadn’t done the same in the six years that she had been with him?
He saved the pictures and forwarded them all to his mother without explaining anything. He felt the pictures already spoke for themselves and Sonya would understand him well enough.
After that, Lucian finally called Roxanne like he had been meaning to and began talking about Estella to cover up the real reason he called.
Early the next morning, Aubree woke up in a hotel room. Her hangover made her head hurt, and she felt sluggish. When she opened her eyes, the unfamiliar surroundings that slowly swam into view caused her to frown in confusion.
She was about to get up and try to find out where she was when she realized with a shock that she was naked. Apart from that, her back and waist were also screaming in pain.
Her eyes widened in surprise and she pulled the blanket aside, only to find bruises and marks all over her body.
It was clearer than day what had happened last night.
She gripped the blanket so tightly she could feel her nails digging through the fabric as she sat in a panic.
She couldn’t remember anything, not even the face of the man she had slept with last night.
The door suddenly opened right as her panic was beginning to eat her alive.
She pulled the blanket up and wrapped it around herself tightly as she stared at the doorway defiantly, trying to act composed. A tall man walked into the room.
His handsome face lit up with an ambiguous smile when he saw that Aubree was awake. “I should have been there next to you. What a shame that | had to miss such a beautiful moment.”
As he spoke, he walked toward the bed and stood right next to Aubree. He narrowed his almond eyes in satisfaction, staring at Aubree admiringly as if he were reminiscing the events of last night.
“It's you!”
Aubree had a sinking gut feeling that the man in front of her was the one she had slept with last night.
She gripped the blanket again, wishing she could disappear inside of it. “Who are you? Who sent you here?”
The man simply continued staring at her and licked his lips greedily as his eyes glinted coldly.
“You don’t have to be so on edge around me, Ms. Pearson. I’m not someone who can be ordered around so easily. What if | was just craving your beauty?”
Aubree stared at him with wide eyes, her expression full of distrust. “I don’t care what you are! Get out right now and forget everything that happened last night or you won't live to see another day!”
The man shrugged almost regretfully and leaned down. The collar of his black button-up opened slightly and as he lowered his head toward Aubree, his toned chest began to show slightly. His entire being radiated with nonchalance.
Even Aubree couldn't take her eyes off of him. 
###Chapter 1478
Chapter 1478
“| would say I’m pretty easy on the eyes. Getting to sleep with me isn’t that much of a loss for you.” He tucked a finger under her chin and lifted it so that she was looking right at him. “You truly are a delicacy. | hope you won't forget me anytime soon.”
As he spoke, his hand began to slide down Aubree’s neck, and he started to bend down until he was hovering right over her. She snapped back to her senses and pushed his hand away with a scowl on her face. “Get out! Don’t make me repeat myself!” The man chuckled amusedly at her angry look and actually began to walk out.
Soon enough, Aubree was left alone in the hotel room
She began to look around her, trying to recall what had happened last night.
No matter how much she tried to make sense of her surroundings, she just couldn’t remember what happened.
She had assumed that someone had been hired to assault her.
However, that man didn’t look like someone who could be hired. In fact, he looked more like the one who would be doing the hiring.
Aubree felt a little more relieved at that. Maybe it really was just a drunk mistake. No matter what had actually transpired, she couldn’t stay here any longer.
Gritting her teeth against the pain radiating from her waist, she got out of bed and was about to put her clothes back on when she heard the door swing open again.
The man had returned. Aubree screamed in shock and quickly wrapped the hotel robe around her, glaring at him in rage.
He innocently held up the bag he was holding. “You must be exhausted after everything that happened last night, Ms. Pearson. | went to buy some breakfast for you.” Then, with a smirk, he continued, “I already saw everything you have to offer last night. Don’t bother covering up around me.”
Aubree’s face was bright red with shame and anger. “Stop looking at me!” He obediently turned around.
Just a moment later, he turned back around and nonchalantly placed her breakfast on the table before beckoning for her to come and eat.
Aubree only had time to properly tie the robe around herself. Still, she felt much more confident now that she was actually dressed.
“How do you know who | am?” she asked, looking at him cautiously.
He rose an eyebrow. “It’s not that hard to figure out. Is there a single person in Horington who doesn’t know about you and Mr. Farwell?”
Aubree’s face contorted when the man mentioned her past relationship. “Shut up!”
The man shrugged, unfazed, before laying her breakfast out for her.
Aubree sat down with a frigid expression and began eating.
The fact was that whatever happened last night couldn’t be undone, and that man had already told her that he knew about her and Lucian’s relationship.
She suspected that the worst-case scenario was that he wanted to take advantage of her when she was at her lowest.
If this had happened in the past, she would never have let him get away with it.
Now, however, she was beginning to think that he could be put to good use.
All it would take was just her body to win him over, and at this point in her life, there was nothing she wasn’t willing to sell out. The mysterious man’s aura and the hotel room she was in both boasted his financial state.
Even if the Pearson family could no longer rise from the ashes again, she could still use this man to show Roxanne who she was messing with.
Her expression softened, and she even began to form some semblance of a smile when she looked up at the man. “What are you looking at?” she asked warily, noticing how the man would look at her occasionally from his phone. He frowned and said helplessly, “It’s company stuff. Imagine bothering me this early without even a good morning to be heard.”
He started tapping on his phone again as he spoke. 
###Chapter 1479
Chapter 1479
Aubree was still feeling ill at ease when she saw the way he behaved.
The man glanced at her calmly. True enough, he was chatting on WhatsApp.
When she saw that, she had no choice but to stop questioning him.
After breakfast, the man, being the gentleman he was, offered to send her back. Aubree turned him down without any hesitation. “It’s fine. | can go back on my own.”
She reckoned if he saw the dire straits that the Pearson family was in, he would never look at her again, let alone help her in the future.
Thankfully, he did not insist on sending her back.
Aubree called for a cab when she came out of the hotel. Before leaving, she checked the rearview mirror to see if the man was following her.
When she was certain that he was not following her, she told the driver her address in the suburbs. The man stood at the entrance of the hotel, and the smile on his face had gone awry.
Right then, his phone rang. It was a message from his assistant that read: Mr. Crawford, the photos have already been distributed to the various media in Horington. Very soon, they will spread around.
Shawn Crawford smiled with satisfaction before replying: All right. Lucian had appeared out of nowhere a few years ago and outshone all the youths in the business world.
Shawn did not like the feeling that someone was better than him, so he decided to go abroad to develop his career. Since he had only returned home two days ago, he had no idea about the cancellation of the engagement between Lucian and Aubree.
The moment he returned home, he had gone drinking at the bar with some friends. That was where he bumped into Aubree and Frieda.
Without hesitation, Shawn took advantage of Aubree. Having been suppressed by Lucian for so long, Shawn could not wait to embarrass him. If the world found out that Lucian’s fiancée was such a promiscuous woman, there was no way he could face the world.
Shawn found it hilarious when he recalled how gullible Aubree was. Not only did she believe him, but she even attempted to make use of him.
This woman is so dumb! | wonder what Lucian sees in her! That very afternoon, one photo began spreading like wildfire all over the internet.
It was a photo of Aubree in her nightgown. Her hair was messy, and her neck was covered with hickeys. One look and anyone could tell that they were freshly planted.
Instantly, the internet was in an uproar.
The moment Shawn knew about it, he kept his eyes on the comments online.
He had thought that people would accuse Lucian of being weak and incapable and that he could not even keep a close watch on his fiancée.
Yet he did not expect the netizens to scold Aubree alone.
They were very supportive of Lucian instead.
One netizen commented: No wonder Mr. Farwell says there is something wrong with her character. She claims that she has been waiting for Mr. Farwell for six years. Yet, shortly after the cancellation of their engagement, she sleeps with another man!
Another wrote: Tsk! What a hussy! She has finally shown her true colors! She’s not fit to be with Mr. Farwell!
Someone posted: Looks like Mr. Farwell and his original spouse are indeed a match made in heaven! Aubree Pearson is not good enough for Mr. Farwell at all!
Shawn was perplexed as he read the online comments. Their engagement has been called off? When did that happen? How come | didn’t hear anything about it? He closed the social media app and searched for Kai Jackson’s phone number. Kai was one of his closest friends in Chanaea.
The call was answered very quickly. “Yo! | can’t believe a busy man like you has the time to call me. | heard you came back. When shall we meet up for a meal?”
Shawn was not in the mood for small talk with his friend. Instead, he went straight to the point. “What's going on between Lucian and his fiancée?” 
###Chapter 1480
Chapter 1480
“Fiancée?” Kai shot back a question with a meaningful look. “Which fiancée are you talking about? During your absence, a lot of things have happened in Mr. Farwell’s life!”
Shawn's heart sank slightly when he heard that. “What do you mean? Isn’t Aubree Pearson his fiancée?”
Kai laughed out loud when he heard that. “That was eight hundred years ago! Back then, | noticed that Lucian had been treating Aubree with indifference. | found it strange that the Farwell and Pearson families have managed to hold on to the engagement for many years.”
Shawn did not respond. Instead, he continued to listen to his friend’s rambling.
“The Farwell family called off the engagement two years ago. Lucian even implied that Aubree has a poor character. It turns out that his ex-wife is back in the country with two children. Right now, the Pearson family is being made bankrupt by the Farwell family, and Lucian is getting it on with his ex-wife again!”
Kai was very animated when he was gossiping. It was as if he could not wait to get involved in the drama. Back then, who would have thought that Lucian’s love life would have so many ups and downs?
Shawn was also very shocked when he heard that.
As far as he knew, Lucian had always been a cold person. He did not expect Lucian to do something like that.
Shawn was very disappointed when he realized that everything he had planned the night before had gone to waste. “I can’t believe they call off their engagement. Such a pity. Then again, that woman is not too bad at all.”
This time, Kai was the one who was startled. “Which woman are you talking about?”
Please don’t tell me that my good buddy has slept with Lucian’s ex-wife the moment he comes back. Shawn tutted. “Of course, I’m referring to Aubree. Who else can it be? | thought they were still engaged!” Everything had happened too abruptly the previous night.
He had noticed Frieda with Aubree and automatically assumed that the three families were still as close as before. There was no time for him to find out about the real situation.
However, all was not lost. That woman was really something. The only annoying part was he ended up sleeping with Lucian’s garbage.
Kai let out a sigh of relief. “Given the position the Pearson family is in now, you will have no issue paying for one night for her company.” Just as he finished talking, he suddenly realized something. “Were you the one who posted that photo online?”
Shawn admitted nonchalantly, “Yes. Unfortunately, | couldn’t achieve my goal.”
Having been friends with him for several years, Kai naturally knew what he meant.
Shawn had been suppressed by Lucian all the while. All Shawn wanted to do was embarrass Lucian.
As usual, his scheme did not go as planned.
Kai sighed because he felt sorry for his friend. “The moment you return home, you pull off such a stunt. It looks like you intend to fight it out with Lucian this time.”
There was undisguised ambition in Shawn’s eyes. Yet, his voice gave the impression that he did not care.
“| just want to assert my dominance. That's all. Even though my plan has failed, it’s fine. I’m not in a hurry to compete against him. Lucian has made much progress in Horington all these years. It will take more than a day for me to defeat him. I'll have to take my time and consider my moves.”
There was also something else that Shawn did not mention.
It was only a matter of time before he would defeat Lucian. The whole world would know that Lucian was nothing but a loser! |, Shawn Crawford, am the true business genius!
Kai smiled respectfully. “I’m on your side. Make sure you show Lucian who you really are.”
Shawn chuckled and said nothing. 
###Chapter 1481
Chapter 1481
Meanwhile, Lucian also saw the scandal on the Internet. Meanwhile, Lucian also saw the scandal on the Internet.
He could not help but frown with suspicion when he saw the way Aubree looked in the photo. The day before, Lucian had received a few photos, but those were showing Aubree flirting with a man in the bar.
However, the photo in front of him was taken from a very intimate angle. He doubted anyone would have the capability to sneak into the hotel room and take a shot like that.
There was only one possibility left. The photo was taken by the man who had fooled around with Aubree that night at the bar. Who is he? What is his intention for posting such a photo?
At that moment, Lucian had no answer. Furthermore, the matter had nothing to do with him, so he was not too concerned. Perhaps that was the handiwork of the enemies of the Pearson family who wanted to add fuel to the fire.
Likewise, Roxanne was not interested in that scandal too.
Shortly after Benny recovered from his injury, she sent the three children to kindergarten. She, on the other hand, went back to work at the research institute. It was a very busy time for her.
As for those online comments, she had no time to read them. During lunchtime, she received a phone call from Madilyn.
The instant she answered the call, she heard her best friend’s excited voice. “Roxanne, go online now! Aubree is famous again. The internet is going wild!”
Previously, Lucian had bribed the entertainment media outlets, so there had not been many scandals or news about any celebrities these days. The netizens were getting bored.
Aubree’s photo was definitely what they needed at that moment. It was no less popular than the love stories of top celebrities.
Roxanne could not help but frown when she heard what her best friend said. “What happened? | have been very busy for the past two days and didn’t take much notice of the news on the internet.”
Madilyn became even more agitated when she realized Roxanne knew nothing about the matter. “You didn’t know? Aubree slept with God-knows-who. Now, the photo has been circulating all over the internet. The netizens are calling her a hussy!”
Because of the way Aubree had made life so difficult for Roxanne in the past, it was only natural that Madilyn would laugh at Aubree’s downfall.
“Is it?” Roxanne was a little surprised. “Why would she—”
“Why would she sleep with another man so soon? Is that what you want to ask?” Madilyn finished Roxanne’s sentence as if she could read her mind.
There was no response from Roxanne. In other words, Madilyn was right.
As for os Roxonne wos concerned, she thought thot Aubree’s feelings for Lucion were true even though she hod done lots of wicked deeds in the post.
Yet, she hod slept with onother mon not long ofter Lucion colled off the engogement. Roxonne could not help but feel thot Aubree wos 0 lior.
Modilyn glooted ond sneered, “Don’t osk me how | guess whot you ore thinking. Lots of netizens ore osking the some questions! They come up with the conclusion thot Aubree is o promiscuous womon! Thot’s her true noture! She wos just very good ot hiding it in the post! Thot's oll!”
Roxonne frowned when she heord thot. When she thought of the things Aubree hod done to the three children, she did not soy onything in response.
“Whot goes oround comes oround!”
Modilyn wos hoppy to vent her frustrotion. She wos obout to continue when Roxonne cut her off.
“Modilyn, | still hove work to do. Tolk to you loter.”
With thot, she ended the coll.
Roxonne did not wish to heor obout Aubree onymore. Now thot she hod gotten whot she deserved, onything thot hoppened to her hod nothing to do with Roxonne onymore.
Right now, the only thing she worried obout wos her work.
As far as Roxanne was concerned, she thought that Aubree’s feelings for Lucian were true even though she had done lots of wicked deeds in the past.
Yet, she had slept with another man not long after Lucian called off the engagement. Roxanne could not help but feel that Aubree was a liar.
Madilyn gloated and sneered, “Don’t ask me how | guess what you are thinking. Lots of netizens are asking the same questions! They come up with the conclusion that Aubree is a promiscuous woman! That's her true nature! She was just very good at hiding it in the past! That's all!”
Roxanne frowned when she heard that. When she thought of the things Aubree had done to the three children, she did not say anything in response.
“What goes around comes around!”
Madilyn was happy to vent her frustration. She was about to continue when Roxanne cut her off. “Madilyn, | still have work to do. Talk to you later.”
With that, she ended the call.
Roxanne did not wish to hear about Aubree anymore. Now that she had gotten what she deserved, anything that happened to her had nothing to do with Roxanne anymore.
Right now, the only thing she worried about was her work. 
###Chapter 1482
Chapter 1482
“Bttch!”
Meanwhile, in the mansion in the suburb, Aubree was reading the comments all over the internet. A crazed look was on her face as she shrieked, “B*stards! | will never, ever, let you guys get away with this!”
| was wrong about that man! He said he knew me, so | thought he had nothing to do with Roxanne.
But in hindsight, who else besides Roxanne would do something so wretched? Besides that b*tch, who else would benefit from me becoming a joke? Roxanne must be taking her revenge on me! It has to be her!
Aubree wanted to kill Roxanne. Her gaze hardened with unparalleled hatred.
Anger clouded Aubree’s mind as she grabbed her handbag and stormed toward the door. The only thing on her mind was take revenge against Roxanne.
Just as she flung the door open, she was halted by her father.
Samuel’s venomous glare burned into her skin. “Have you no shame? How dare you still think about going out at a time like this? Do you think it's not embarrassing enough?”
With each word he spoke, Samuel took another step closer to Aubree, closing the gap between them.
Traumatized by all his beatings, Aubree instinctively flinched and moved away at each step he took until she was backed to the wall.
“What's with this photo? Which lowly man did you defile yourself with?” Samuel interrogated with a stern voice.
Fixating his scorching gaze on her, he commanded, “Tell him to get his ass here this instant! | want him to take responsibility for what he has done to you!”
When Aubree heard what Samuel said, she was so exasperated that she laughed.
“Who do you think took the photo? Do you think he'll take responsibility if he didn’t think twice about uploading those photos online? He wants me to be scorned by everyone! He wants everyone to think that I’m a promiscuous woman no one in their right mind will marry!”
Seeing the undisguised satire behind Aubree’s eyes, Samuel was so livid that his eyes turned bloodshot. Without missing a beat, he slapped Aubree across the cheek, causing her to fall to the ground. “You wretch! Don’t you know how to behave well for even one day?”
Cupping her throbbing cheek with her hand, Aubree screamed to defend herself, “I've been framed! It’s all Roxanne’s fault! That b*tch plotted against me! Why don’t you take it out on her instead?”
Samuel laid another heavy hand on her other cheek. “Shut the hell up! How many times do | have to tell you not to provoke Roxanne? Why won't you ever listen?”
Seeing her own father defending Roxanne, Aubree trembled in anger. “I didn’t provoke her! She provoked me first this time! Don’t you see that everyone online is scolding your own daughter? Are you blind?”
Samuel raised his hand, wanting to give Aubree another slap. Yet when he saw his handprints on her swollen cheeks, he clenched his fist and lowered his arm back to his side. His eyes were swirling with a mixture of disappointment as he looked at her.
“The Pearson family is in this situation because of you! Yet, you still don’t know how to repent from your ways and still blame everything on Roxanne! Right now, you should be thinking about how to get Lucian to forgive you so that the Pearson family can hold our heads up in public again!”
Aubree’s face was etched with stubbornness. “Lucian is blaming us because of that b*tch! As long as that wretched woman is gone, everything will be okay again!”
Samuel was so enraged that he almost got a heart attack. Leaning against the bedframe for support, he took a few deep breaths to calm himself down. After a good few minutes, he straightened himself and pointed at the door. “Out. Out! Get lost! From this day onward, whatever you do has nothing to do with the Pearson family!”
Struggling onto her feet, Aubree shot him a glare. “I will make that b*tch pay for what she has done! That’s a promise!” With that, she strode out the front door without turning back.
Samuel's eyes darkened when he heard the front door being slammed. Staggering briefly before steadying himself, he heaved a heavy sigh. Exhaustion and bitterness could be seen in his pained expression.
He had put in so much effort for the Pearson family to be redeemed someday. He had been holding onto the hope that the sun would shine on them again.
Alas, everything is ruined now. 
###Chapter 1483
Chapter 1483
Outside the mansion, Aubree got into the car. As she was driving, she dialed Frieda’s number.
Frieda had already seen the news on the internet. With the news trending all over, it was no surprise that Frieda had come across the discussions and comments about the incident.
Ever since she saw the photo, Frieda had been feeling uneasy.
She was the one who was out drinking with Aubree last night. Not only so, but Aubree was taken away by the man right under her nose.
| didn’t expect that man to pull a stunt like this! If Aubree finds out, she'll never let me off the hook!
Just as Frieda was getting fearful, she received the expected phone call from Aubree.
Frieda’s heart almost jumped out of her throat. Staring at her ringing phone, she lost all the courage to pick up the call. Only after the phone stopped ringing did Frieda heave a breath she did not know she was holding.
However, before she could recover from the shock, Aubree started calling her again.
Frieda could no longer ignore the call. “Aubree...” she answered, unable to hide the guilt in her voice.
“What the hell happened last night?” Aubree’s voice was filled with frustration.
Terrified, Frieda did not dare to tell the truth. Instead, she tried to test the waters. “Don’t you remember? You left with a guy.” Aubree was on the brink of losing her mind. “If | remember, why the f*ck am | still asking you? Who is that man?”
Upon finding out that Aubree had forgotten everything, Frieda sighed in relief. “| don’t know. We both had too much to drink last night. | went to the toilet. By the time | came back, | saw you leaving with a guy. | called out to you, but you didn’t stop. | tried to chase after you but the bar was too crowded, so | lost you in the end.” Having said that, she immediately apologized, “I’m so sorry, Aubree. | didn’t know that something like this would happen. If | had known, | wouldn’t have brought you out drinking. It’s all my fault.”
If Aubree found out that Frieda had watched her being taken away by the man, she would have plotted to kill Frieda.
Naturally, Frieda did not dare to admit the truth.
When Aubree heard Frieda’s answer, she huffed, “I’m heading to the bar now. You’re coming with me. We have to find the guy!” “Now?” Frieda’s heart began to race. She was very reluctant to go with Aubree.
“It has to be a trap set by Roxanne against me! Once | get my hands on that guy, | will make him reveal that b*tch’s true colors to the entire world!”
Aubree gritted her teeth. A murderous glint flashed across her eyes.
In her mind, Roxanne had made her lose everything. She wanted to settle the accounts one at a time.
Frieda was hesitant. When she heard that Aubree wanted to cause Roxanne trouble, she was even more reluctant to take part. However, Aubree did not even give Frieda a chance to refuse. “I'll be waiting for you at the entrance of the bar. If you don’t show up, I'll make sure you suffer the same fate | did!”
With that, Aubree hung up the phone right away.
Biting her lip in frustration, Frieda eventually dragged herself to the bar.
By the time she arrived at the entrance of the bar, Aubree was already waiting for her.
When Frieda saw the two swollen hand marks on each side of Aubree’s cheeks, she could not help but shudder.
Feeling Frieda’s sympathetic gaze on her, Aubree roared in fury, “What are you looking at? It’s all that b*tch’s fault!”
Frieda adverted her eyes awkwardly, not daring to go against Aubree’s command. She quickly changed the topic. “Let’s go inside. I’ve already informed the person in charge.”
Aubree snorted before following Frieda inside the bar with a grim expression. As she strode into the bar, a hostile aura surrounded her.
“Two little shits! | will not let them get away with this!” 
###Chapter 1484
Chapter 1484
Meanwhile, in the Farwell residence, Sonya felt nauseous upon seeing the photo being shared all over the internet. In the past, Aubree had told Sonya time and time again that she was in love with Lucian.
It had only been a few days since the two families had called off the engagement. Sonya was surprised and disgusted when she saw that Aubree had already checked into a room with another man.
Aubree even went as far as making love with him as if nothing has happened! She must have done so willingly! This time, someone took a photo and made it viral. Who knows whether or not she had been unfaithful during all those years of her engagement with Lucian? Her so-called “love” for Lucian was nothing but a lie!
At the thought of herself being tricked by Aubree, Sonya could not help but feel humiliated.
All of a sudden, the support Sonya had shown Aubree all those years seemed like a waste of time.
If she had allowed someone like Aubree to be married into the Farwell family, people would have thought she was a fool. Just as her blood began to boil, Sonya received a call from Gina.
Sonya rejected the call without hesitation.
“What a wretched woman! How dare she call me at a time like this? How shameless!”
Not wanting to see anything related to the Pearsons, Sonya tossed her phone aside out of fury. Out of sight, out of mind. From this day onward, | will no longer be associated with the Pearsons! Whatever happens to that family will be none of my concern!
“You've finally realized the things Aubree has done now, haven't you?”
Just then, Elias came down the stairs. It only took him one second to figure out what was going on based on Sonya’s expression. “Do you still think that everything Aubree had done in the past was because Lucian refused to marry her?”
Sonya was already feeling awful. When she heard his question, her face reddened in anger and embarrassment. “How would | know that she’s such a good actress? She lied to me for so many years. Serves her right to have such an ending today!”
“I've told you not to interfere too much in Lucian’s private life, especially when it comes to romance. He’s a grown man. He can handle his own affairs,” Elias advised her sincerely.
No matter what Sonya’s intention was, Elias truly believed that they, as parents, should not meddle with their children’s life. Begrudgingly, Sonya retorted, “I just want the best for him. Do you think I'd have cared if it was anyone else?”
Knowing that he could not change her mind, Elias did not continue to press on the subject. “Then | believe you know now that Aubree is not the best candidate for the title Mrs. Farwell?”
Sonya’s expression darkened as she understood what he was implying. “Just because Aubree is unfit doesn’t mean that Roxanne is! She is still unfit to marry Lucian!” Sonya’s eyes were filled with disdain. “Aubree might be sleeping around, but at least she didn’t get pregnant! What about Roxanne? Her two children are about the same age as Essie. That means that she had slept with other men ever since she left the country! Now she plans to bring the two children into our family. If | agree to it, others will see our family as a joke!”
Even though Lucian had told the public that the children were his, the truth would be revealed eventually. Nothing could be hidden forever.
Sonya did not want to become a laughingstock when the time came.
Seeing that Sonya was persistent, Elias could only heave a heavy sigh. “Just think about it again, okay? We're not young anymore. Wouldn't it be nice if we just focus on our own lives? Why do you insist on meddling with their affairs? Even if what you fear becomes a reality in the future, you and | will no longer be in charge of the Farwell family. What’s there to worry about?”
Having said that, he patted Sonya’s shoulder gently before turning around and returning upstairs. 
###Chapter 1485
Chapter 1485
The backlash online came fast and furious but died down just as quickly, and it only took a few days before everyone’s focus shifted to other news. Nonetheless, Aubree was not about to let the matter slide just like that. She was determined to make her saboteur pay!
She and Frieda spent a whole day at the bar watching the surveillance footage yet failed to find a shot of the culprit’s face. They had no way of ascertaining the person’s identity.
Still feeling annoyed after getting home, Aubree contacted Ophelia immediately. | may not be able to exact revenge on Roxanne right now because | don’t know who that guy is, but | can always follow the original plan and teach Roxanne a lesson!
Ophelia had been waiting to hear from Aubree at the hotel for several days. She had also seen the comments online over the past couple of days. With Aubree’s character, there’s no way she’d let the person who leaked the photos get away with it. However, | still haven’t heard from her after so many days. She’s probably busy looking for the culprit and doesn’t have time to talk to me.
Just as she was about to turn in for the night, she suddenly received a call from Aubree. Quickly answering her phone, she said, “What is it, Aubree? What can | do to help?”
In an icy tone, Aubree replied, “Go to Roxanne as we originally planned. That b*tch dared to plot against me, so I'll make her regret it!”
Ophelia was dumbfounded when she heard that. “Are you saying the backlash over the past two days was Roxanne’s doing?”
“What's the matter? Don’t you believe me? I’ve told you before. That b*tch is capable of all sorts of dirty tricks. She’s trying to get back at me!” Aubree hissed through clenched teeth.
In truth, Ophelia did not know much about Roxanne. All she had heard from Aubree was that Roxanne had been responsible for ruining Aubree’s life of luxury. | never thought she’d resort to such despicable measures!
As Aubree’s best friend, naturally, she felt angry and agreed immediately, “Calm down. Don’t let your anger affect your health. I'll go look for her at once.”
Aubree took two deep breaths. Thinking about the trouble Roxanne was about to encounter, she finally felt a little more at ease.
After ending the call, Ophelia wasted no time setting off and headed straight for Roxanne’s research institute, guessing that the latter would be working there at that hour. She spent a long time trying to find Roxanne’s car in front of the research institute but to no avail. Ophelia decided to switch locations and go to Roxanne’s house instead but ended up getting stopped at the residential area entrance. She had no choice but to turn back home and look for another opportunity.
A Bentley slowly drove up right as she was leaving the residential area. Lucian had gotten a clear look at her face and recognized that she was the children’s teacher who had resigned just two days
ago. What's she doing here? Benny's injury has almost completely healed, so it doesn’t make sense that she’d come to check in on him.
He sensed something amiss yet did not want to alert the enemy, so he called Cayden and instructed him to have someone follow Ophelia, resolved to find out what she had up her sleeve.
After settling that, he drove the Bentley into the residential area and pulled up in front of Roxanne’s house.
All three children were sitting in the living room, bored out of their minds. As always, Benny was the one who got up to see who it was when the doorbell rang, and his eyes lit up the moment he saw the person standing at the door. “Mr. Farwell!”
Archie’s and Estella’s expressions shifted slightly. Almost immediately, they jumped up from the couch and sprinted to the door with anticipation written all over their faces. 
###Chapter 1486
Chapter 1486
Benny opened the door, and Lucian immediately saw the three children waiting to greet him at the door. “Daddy!”
“Mr. Farwell!”
They sounded aggrieved and gazed at him as though he was their savior.
Lucian could not resist ruffling their hair affectionately at the sight of their adorable pouting faces. Then he looked up and cast his gaze around the living room. “Where’s your mommy?”
It's the weekend, so she should be home.
“Mommy's working overtime. She has already been working late the past few days. We've had to stay home alone, and it’s so boring!” Benny whined, and Archie and Estella nodded in agreement.
Lucian’s brows drew together slightly when he heard their complaints. No wonder she sounded so tired whenever | called her the last two days. | thought she was exhausted from looking after these three little tykes and purposely came over to take them out for a treat. However, it turns out it's because she has been working.
Seeing how dispirited the children looked, he suggested, “Why don’t | take you guys out to play? Where would you like to go?” The trio perked up instantly at his words and began chattering away, discussing where they wanted to go.
“| want to watch a movie!” Estella was the first to raise her hand. | saw that there’s a new fairy tale movie and | really want to watch it! But Mommy has been so busy lately.
“We want to go to the amusement park!” Archie and Benny said at the same time. The pair had been so bored recently and just wanted to go out and have fun. After hearing Estella’s suggestion, however, they compromised and said, “All right, then. Let’s go and watch a movie.”
Grinning, Lucian pinched their cheeks gently and replied, “We'll go to both. We'll visit the amusement park first, then catch a movie on the way back.”
“Really?” Benny asked, practically bursting with joy. Lucian nodded. “We'll probably only be able to get movie tickets for tonight if we buy now anyway.”
Archie was also excited for a brief moment. Then, something suddenly seemed to occur to him, and he asked hesitantly, “If we go out, what about Mommy?”
“I'll let her know,” Lucian reassured him with a smile. And, if it's possible, | hope she'll join us.
After saying that, Lucian took out his phone in front of the children and called Roxanne immediately, but there was no answer. The same thing happened even after three or four tries.
He frowned. Taking in the children’s cautiously expectant expressions, he said in a low voice, “In that case, I'll take you three out today first. We can take your mommy next time.”
Archie, Benny, and Estella hesitated briefly before nodding. “Okay!”
After their discussion, Lucian sent Roxanne a text message informing her that he had taken the children out and asked her to give him a call when she was not busy. Then, he led the children out of the house and over to his car.
Lucian thought of something just before starting the car. Glancing at the kids in the rear passenger seat, he said, “Archie, Benny, you have to address me as ‘Daddy’ when we're outside, okay?”
He had already issued a public statement about the pair’s relationship to him, so if anyone overheard them still addressing him “Mr. Farwell,” he was worried it would invite unnecessary trouble.
Benny’s eyes shone with joy, and he nodded emphatically. “Sure! I’ll remember that.”
Lucian turned toward Archie. A faint smile tugged at the corner of the latter’s lips, and he nodded obediently. “Got it.” 
###Chapter 1487
Chapter 1487
The kids were over the moon because that was the first time Lucian brought them out. That was especially the case for Benny, as he was basically calling Lucian “Daddy” very naturally at that point. Lucian let them have fun in the amusement park until the sky went dark before bringing them to the movie theater.
When they were watching the movie, Lucian’s phone suddenly vibrated. He took a glance at it and saw that it was a call from Roxanne.
Lucian gently told the kids to wait for him and went out to answer his phone.
The moment the call went through, he heard Roxanne asking in an anxious tone, “Where are you? | just got home, and the kids are gone. Have they gone to look for you?”
In the mansion, Roxanne was opening door after door to make sure the kids weren't hiding in one of those rooms. She had been busy working overtime for the past few days and neglected the kids. However, she also noticed how sluggish the kids had been over the past few days.
She had planned to take the next day off and bring the kids out to have some fun. To her surprise, she got home that evening to find that the kids were all missing.
Upon recalling what the kids had done in the past, Roxanne was hoping that they had gone to look for Lucian. That was why she had called him right away.
Lucian’s heart broke when he heard Roxanne’s uneasy tone. Frowning helplessly, he answered, “I had time today, so | brought them out because they wanted to have some fun.”
Roxanne let out a sigh of relief when she heard those words. “Why didn’t you inform me? | was worried sick when | got home,” she grumbled.
Tenderness filled Lucian’s eyes when he heard Roxanne speaking in a softer tone. “I called you a few times, but you didn’t answer your phone, so | sent you a text. Perhaps you missed it because you had your hands full,” he said innocently.
Roxanne felt guilty when Lucian pointed out the fact that she had been busy. “Oh! Is it? Let me check.” With that, she checked her unanswered message and call log on her phone. True enough, she had received a few missed calls and a text from Lucian.
Seeing that, Roxanne felt even more guilty. “Oh, you did! | was too busy and just saw your missed calls and text. I’m sorry for accusing you wrongly,” she said sheepishly.
Lucian’s eyes darkened. “It’s all right. | brought the kids to watch a movie. After this, I'll send them home. If you’re tired, | can grab some food on the way back.”
“That’s not necessary. I’m free, so I'll cook and wait for you guys to come back,” Roxanne said apologetically.
Lucian grunted in acknowledgment. He was worried about leaving the kids in the movie hall, so he hung up the phone and went back in.
By then, the movie was finishing. The kids were so focused on the movie that they didn’t even realize Lucian had returned. After the movie ended, Benny turned to Lucian and called out casually, “Daddy.”
Lucian froze for a moment before regaining his senses. With a smile, he said, “Okay. We should be heading back now. Your mommy is waiting.”
The kids were thrilled when they heard that Roxanne was waiting for them at home. We've been having fun the entire day, and we get to see Mommy and eat the food she makes when we go back! That's the best news we can get! Furthermore, we spent the entire day with Daddy!
The warmth in Lucian’s eyes was apparent when he saw how happy the kids were.
Lucian was most probably influenced by the kids’ mood because even he was feeling excited when they were on their way home. 
###Chapter 1488
Chapter 1488
When the four of them arrived home, Roxanne was already done preparing dinner, and she was resting on the couch. Upon hearing noises at the door, she woke up immediately and went to open the door.
“Mommy!”
The kids rushed toward her and hugged her legs.
Roxanne lowered her gaze and patted their heads with a smile on her face. “Did you guys have fun today?”
Benny nodded fervently before turning back to look at Lucian with his pair of bright eyes. “Yes! Daddy brought us to the amusement park, and we watched a movie!”
Roxanne smiled when she heard the joy in Benny's voice. She only realized how Benny had addressed Lucian a few seconds later. When she did, the smile on her face froze. Instead of asking Benny what was going on, she gave Lucian an inquisitive glance.
Noticing that, Lucian explained matter-of-factly, “I told them to address me so when we're in the public. After all, I've already made it known to the public. If others were to hear them addressing me another way, it would be troublesome.”
Aweird look flashed across Roxanne’s eyes when she heard that. She patted the kids’ heads and kept mum. It’s a matter of time before they address Lucian as “Daddy.” That’s something | have to accept. | just hope the kids won’t blame me after they find out about their backgrounds.
Archie sensed the awkward atmosphere and broke the silence by saying, “Mommy, I’m starving!”
Roxanne came back to her senses and answered, “Let's eat! Go and wash your hands, okay? I'll heat up the food.” The kids nodded obediently, took off their shoes, and entered the house.
Lucian washed his hands first and followed Roxanne into the kitchen.
His presence was just impossible to ignore, and it led to Roxanne recalling the kiss they had shared at that exact spot. Her body stiffened instantly.
“I'm sorry. | should’ve checked you before telling the kids to address me so.” Lucian’s deep voice rang out from behind her.
Roxanne halted in her tracks and lowered her gaze to hide her awkwardness. She calmed herself down and uttered flatly, “It’s all right. You’re right. They should address you so in public.”
With that, Roxanne quickly changed the topic because she was afraid that Lucian would bring up Archie’s and Benny’s backgrounds. “The food is ready. Let’s eat.”
Lucian knew she was avoiding the topic, so he didn’t pursue the matter. Instead, he helped her bring the dishes out.
By then, the kids were already sitting at the dining table. They had even sat on one side so that their parents could sit next to each other on the opposite side of the table.
While Lucian had taken his seat in a calm manner, Roxanne hesitated for a moment before she eventually sat down next to him.
During dinner, Roxanne was constantly spacing out because of how Benny had addressed Lucian. Besides, she had been kept busy at work for the past couple of days.
She only snapped out of her reverie when she saw a peeled prawn in her bowl.
“Have you been tiring yourself out for the past couple of days?” Lucian’s heart wrenched in pain. Roxanne pulled herself together and smiled. “I’m fine. I’m just going to be busy for the time being.” With that, she wanted to serve the kids some food.
However, she saw that the kids’ plates were already filled up, so she instantly shifted her gaze toward Lucian. At that moment, he was still peeling prawns, and he hadn't had time to eat his dinner.
Roxanne felt touched by what she saw, so she thanked Lucian softly.
In response, Lucian served her another peeled prawn. 
###Chapter 1489
Chapter 1489
After dinner, the kids tactfully went upstairs and gave their parents some privacy.
Roxanne cleared the dining table, and when she was about to do the dishes, Lucian held her hand and pushed her to the side. “Since you're tired, go outside and get some rest.”
With that, Lucian rolled up his sleeves and started washing the dishes.
Although that wasn’t the first time Roxanne had seen Lucian do that, she was still surprised by what she saw. If Lucian had treated me this way six years ago, would we be a happy family by now?
Seeing that Roxanne was still there, Lucian started making small talk. “Where’s Lysa? Why is she not here?” Roxanne snapped back to reality and answered, “She hasn't been feeling well, so | told her to rest.” “Then I'll look for a housekeeper to help you guys at home.”
Roxanne shook her head in response. “There's no need for that. | can’t trust anybody else now. Once I’m done with what I’m busy with, I'll have the time to take care of the kids.”
While talking, Roxanne yawned.
Lucian turned back to look at her before picking up his pace to finish doing the dishes. With the dishes done, he brought her out of the kitchen.
Roxanne was feeling groggy, so she followed him to the couch and sat down.
Lucian massaged her temples and said, “Must you keep working with the Damaris family? Since you’re so overworked, perhaps you should cancel the collaboration. If you wish to make a living in Chanaea, | can help you.”
Roxanne’s tiredness subsided a little when Lucian was massaging her.
However, she couldn’t help but frown when she heard Lucian’s suggestion. With a straight face, she uttered, “We've already signed the contract. How can | just cancel it?”
“I'll pay the termination fee for you,” Lucian answered in a deep voice.
“It's not that simple. Its important that | develop the drug. There’s too little anti-cancer medication in the local market. If | can develop a new drug, I’m certain | can save a lot of lives.” Roxanne smiled and shook her head. Prior to this, | was adamant about working with the Damaris family because | wanted their ancient medicine books. Now, however, | think it’s more important for me to treat more diseases and help more people.
With a solemn look in her eyes, she added, “I’ve been a doctor for so many years, and I’ve seen too many patients who were tortured to death by diseases, especially cancer. It’s an utter nightmare. Patients are suffering every day, and there’s no cure for them. They can’t do anything but wait for their time to end. As they approach the later stages of the disease, their lives are basically hell. | want that to end because I’ve seen enough of it.”
The look in Lucian’s eyes softened up after he listened to Roxanne. “I understand how you feel.” “Although I’m exhausted, | think it’s all going to be worth it.” Roxanne let out a sigh.
Still massaging her temples, Lucian said, “I know you want to help people, but you need to take care of yourself as well. If you keep going on like this, you're going to get sick. If that happens, won't your research be in vain?”
Roxanne nodded, indicating that she knew what she was doing. “I’m a doctor, so | know my body well. Don’t worry.”
Lucian didn’t respond to that. Instead, he just kept looking at her. | understand her feelings, but how can | not worry about her? 
###Chapter 1490
Chapter 1490
The two of them didn’t continue talking after that, and Lucian had moved from massaging her temples to massaging her shoulders.
When he was moving his hands, he either intentionally or accidentally brushed his thumbs across her neck.
Roxanne was caught off guard, and her body froze when she suddenly felt as though an electric current had coursed through her.
In the next second, Lucian was already massaging her shoulders. “How are you feeling? Am | pressing too hard?” he asked softly.
Roxanne turned around to meet Lucian’s gentle gaze. She was startled, so she immediately retracted her eyes and nodded. “It’s fine.”
Little did she know Lucian wasn’t planning to let go of her just yet. “I don’t know which acupuncture point can help you relax. How about you teach me?”
As he was talking, he loosened his grips.
In a flash, the atmosphere became ambiguous.
Roxanne feigned calmness and cleared her throat. “Why would you want to know that? It’s not like you can massage yourself.” In a natural tone, Lucian answered, “Well, | can help you destress if you ever get this tired again.”
Roxanne’s eyes flickered, and she felt her heart skip a beat when she heard those words.
“Besides, | don’t think I'll be massaging myself. If both of us ever have our hands full at the same time, one of us ought to take some time off. Otherwise, who's going to take care of the kids?” Lucian added.
In other words, he was suggesting Roxanne massage him the next time he needed it. Lucian spoke so naturally that Roxanne could imagine the both of them massaging each other in the future. In fact, she was even starting to feel it wasn’t too late for Lucian to care for her.
When Roxanne realized what was going through her own mind, she snapped back to her senses, and she instinctively moved her body a little. However, she couldn’t bear to move away because she had been overwhelmed by exhaustion lately. Besides, Lucian was using just the right amount of strength when he was massaging her.
After a moment of hesitation, Roxanne remained sitting still. “Some other day perhaps? I’m too tired today.”
Needless to say, Lucian noticed her hesitation. As he was wondering what she was thinking, his grip loosened up slightly. Feeling displeased, Roxanne held his wrist and said coyly, “Harder.”
Lucian’s eyes darkened when he saw Roxanne holding his wrist. It’s obvious that she was rejecting me purely because she was tired. She's not rejecting me entirely.
Lucian was looking at her intently from behind. Although he could only see the back of her fair neck, he felt a lump forming in his throat.
Suddenly, he tightened his grip on her shoulders and held her tight.
Roxanne frowned slightly and turned around, wanting to question him.
All of a sudden, she felt his hot breaths on her ear. In the next second, he was already kissing the back of her neck.
Roxanne clenched her fists, which were placed on her knees, and she kept her body slightly sideways. Too afraid to move a muscle, she asked, “Lucian, what—”
The second she opened her mouth, she felt Lucian kissing and nibbling on her earlobe. At that very moment, Roxanne felt her body heating up, and the exposed parts of her body turned pink.
Lucian grabbed her chin and turned the stunned Roxanne to an angle to allow himself to go in for a kiss. 
###Chapter 1491
Chapter 1491
What started off as a gentle kiss soon turned into an intense make-out session.
Feeling out of breath, Roxanne snapped back to her senses and looked upstairs. The kids are upstairs, and they might see us! Roxanne anxiously pushed Lucian away.
Lucian loosened his grip slightly in response.
“Don’t do—” Roxanne’s mouth was invaded once again before she could finish her sentence.
Evidently, Lucian was merely giving her a second to catch her breath.
At that moment, Roxanne was on the verge of getting lifted from the couch.
As he was moving his hands, Roxanne suddenly felt his hands moving toward her breasts.
Roxanne panicked when she realized what Lucian wanted to do.
She was worried that the kids would catch them in action, and at the same time, she didn’t know how to react to what was about to happen next.
In desperation, she quickly reached out her hand to squeeze Lucian’s tendon on his arm.
Lucian froze immediately.
Roxanne then took the opportunity to shove him away and sat up on the couch. How | wish | can hide behind the couch! Lucian’s eyes darkened instantly, and he shot her a look of dissatisfaction.
“Don't do this. The kids are upstairs. What if they catch us in action?” Roxanne avoided his gaze, flustered. Before this, the kids had already caught us hugging.
Roxanne’s heart was filled with guilt when she recalled what had happened the last time around.
Lucian’s arm was numb, so he had to rest it on the couch. Upon hearing her explanation, he knitted his brows meaningfully and asked in a hoarse voice, “Are you saying that we could've carried on if they weren’t around?”
Roxanne was about to help him get rid of the discomfort in his arm. After hearing that question, however, she retracted her hands.
Lucian looked at her with his eyes ablaze.
“I'm tired, and | want to go to bed.” Roxanne averted his eyes and rose to her feet anxiously. After taking a few steps away from him, she urged, “It’s getting late. You should head home as welll”
Lucian moved his arm, and Roxanne instinctively took another few steps backward. She was afraid that he would force himself
on her.
Lucian couldn't help but feel helpless when he saw how wary Roxanne was. We used to live our lives as a married couple, and we even had kids of our own. Although we both have expressed our feelings toward each other, why has she not accepted me yet? Ever since we reunited, she had always been avoiding me, apart from the time when she was drunk.
Lucian didn’t want to force her into doing anything, so he suppressed his urge and explained in a deep voice, “I’m not going to do anything to you. If you’re tired, you can go upstairs and rest. I'll sit for a while more before | leave.”
Roxanne was still feeling uneasy. “It’s already quite late. Are you sure—”
Lucian waved his numb arm at her and said, “Don’t worry. I’m not going to take advantage of you. It’s just that my arm is still numb, so | can’t drive.”
It seemed as though she had squeezed his arm too hard in that moment of panic.
Feeling guilty, Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled. However, she still didn’t dare to approach him. She merely nodded and said, “lll head up, then. Let me know when you're leaving.”
With that, she dashed off without turning back.
Lucian clenched his fists slightly as he watched Roxanne’s retreating figure. At that moment, he felt as though he could still feel the tenderness of her skin in his palms. | wonder when she will ever let her guard down... 
###Chapter 1492
Chapter 1492
Roxanne was dog-tired. She would doze off almost immediately after getting into her bed for the past couple of nights. That night, however, she couldn't fall asleep even after being in bed for quite a long while.
Instead of feeling sleepy, all she could think about was Lucian’s desire-filled gaze.
Roxanne couldn't help but feel nervous when she knew that Lucian was still downstairs.
She only heaved a sigh of relief inwardly when she heard the sound of the door closing coming from downstairs.
After that, she went to the window and saw Lucian getting into his car. The car stayed motionless for a while before leaving the compound slowly.
Roxanne watched Lucian’s car disappear from her sight before returning to bed and dozing off within seconds.
She didn’t know whether Lucian’s massage was the reason or not, but she felt more energized when she woke up in the morning.
Since it was a Sunday, Roxanne stayed home with the kids instead of going to the research institute. At the same time, she was allowing herself some time off.
Early the following morning, Roxanne sent the kids to school and rushed to the research institute. The sooner | develop the new drug, the sooner | get to accompany the kids.
Meanwhile, Ophelia received a call from Aubree.
“What's the matter with you? It has been days, and you still haven’t made your move!” Aubree was livid because she had neither found the man nor heard the news about Roxanne getting taught a lesson.
“There’s nothing | could do. That b*tch has been staying home, and | can’t get into their residential area.” Ophelia was feeling helpless as well. | was camping outside the research institute the entire day yesterday, but | didn’t see Roxanne.
“Well, she has to be working today! If | don’t hear good news from you today, you better just leave and go back to where you came from!” Aubree uttered coldly.
Upon hearing that, Ophelia immediately assured, “Don’t worry. I'll get it done today!” Aubree wasted no time disconnecting the call right after she heard those words. Ophelia didn’t dare to waste a second either, so she instantly took her coat and left. She drove to Roxanne’s research institute and found Roxanne’s car after a long search.
Right when she was about to do something, she suddenly remembered something. There are surveillance cameras here! If | do something here, they’re going to catch me.
Taking that into account, Ophelia abruptly paused in her tracks and pondered for a moment.
After some time, Ophelia turned around and walked toward the entrance of the kindergarten. Since it’s Monday, those three b*stards have surely gone to the kindergarten. In that case, Roxanne will have to fetch them. When she’s fetching them, the entrance will be crowded. If | were to do something then, no one would see me!
After Ophelia left, a few people were seen whispering to each other before tailing her.
Obviously, Roxanne had no idea what was going on outside. She was totally focused on the research.
In the evening, Linda saw that Roxanne was still in the laboratory, so she asked cautiously, “Dr. Jarvis, are you still busy? Do you need me to fetch the kids?”
That had been the norm ever since Roxanne had been busy researching.
Upon hearing those words, Roxanne looked at the time and realized it was almost time for classes in the kindergarten to be dismissed.
“It’s all right. I'm finishing up.” Roxanne finished up her work for the day and got changed before she went to fetch the kids. The events of the past two days had made her realize how little companionship the kids had.
Roxanne was eager to accompany them whenever she could. 
###Chapter 1493
Chapter 1493
Classes had ended. Roxanne parked her car by the side of the road.
After getting out of the car, she pulled herself together and quickly walked to the school gate to wait for the children to come out. Parents arrived one after another.
Soon, Roxanne was drowned in the crowd.
Ophelia had been waiting at the corner of the street for a long time. After making sure that Roxanne could not see her, she tiptoed out quietly.
She continued observing the surroundings while approaching Roxanne’s car furtively.
Besides wearing a hat and a mask, she even put on a pair of sunglasses in the evening.
Passersby could not help but cast curious glances at her.
Fortunately, everyone did not pay much attention to her as they were in a hurry to pick up their children. Quickly, Ophelia stood right next to Roxanne’s car.
She crouched by the car and ran her fingers through the tires as if she was checking her vehicle.
She then secretly took a small bottle of lubricant from her bag and reached for the disc brake of a wheel.
The disc brake was tucked away in a hidden spot, so Ophelia had to spend a lot of effort sticking the lubricant into the narrow space. At one point, she nearly had to lie on the ground.
Just as she was about to unscrew the cap of the lubricant and pour it on, she suddenly heard heavy footsteps approaching. The sound of footsteps ceased as they reached her side.
Ophelia instantly froze right there, and her heart sank in dread.
Lucian’s indifferent voice rang out from above her head. “Ms. Smith, are you busy with something?”
Ophelia clenched her fist, spewing the lubricant all over the chassis of the vehicle. Some even splashed on her face.
Ophelia subconsciously wanted to wipe the lubricant off, but before she could do it, someone grabbed her and yanked her out from below.
With a face covered in lubricant, Ophelia was overwhelmed with embarrassment and guilt. She lowered her head and said, “Ms. Smith? | think you got the wrong person...”
Before she could finish her sentence, the man extended his masculine palm and tore off her mask, exposing Ophelia’s face in public.
“Hey, what are you doing? Don’t take my things! I’m not Ms. Smith. You got the wrong person!” She panicked and tried to grab her mask and sunglasses, but she was no match for a few men who had already closed in around her.
In an attempt to hide her face, she raised her hand, but one of the men quickly grabbed her arm and forcefully pulled it away, leaving her immobilized.
The man said, “You're not? Does that mean I’m talking to a ghost right now?”
Looking at her struggling like a clown for a while, Lucian’s eyes gradually darkened. “Take a look at what's on Ms. Smith’s face!” The bodyguards stepped forward to study her face and then got back to Lucian with an answer. “It’s some kind of lubricant, Mr. Farwell.”
Lucian’s and Ophelia’s faces changed simultaneously.
Struck dumb, Ophelia kept shaking her head, wanting to explain, but she was bereft of words.
She instantly recalled what had happened to Aubree when the latter had laid her finger on Roxanne.
She could not help but imagine the torture Lucian would inflict upon her now that she was in his grasp.
“Don’t you know what the liquid is?” Lucian grabbed her chin so forcefully that it might crack in seconds.
Overwhelmed by the domineering aura he exuded, Ophelia could only widen her eyes in fear.
“Drink it, and tell me what this is!” Lucian raised his voice.
The bodyguard standing beside him handed him the bottle of lubricant.
Seeing Lucian approaching her with the lubricant, Ophelia collapsed and cried, “All right! All right! It's lubricant! It's lubricant!” 
###Chapter 1494
Chapter 1494
Meanwhile, Roxanne was walking to the car with the children when she saw Lucian interrogating Ophelia. “Lucian?”
Upon noticing the fury on the man’s face, she quickly stood before the children and shot Lucian a look.
Lucian clenched his fists before releasing Ophelia and gesturing for the bodyguards to let her go.
Ophelia gasped with fear. She desperately wanted to run away but was so terrified that she could barely move.
“Daddy!” the three children greeted Lucian affectionately even though Roxanne got in their way.
When Roxanne realized the atmosphere had eased a bit, she released her grip on the children.
They noticed Ophelia, who seemed somewhat out of place, and greeted her respectfully, “Ms. Smith.”
However, Ophelia was so consumed by panic that she could not hear their voices.
As the children received no response from Ophelia, they looked around at the adults in confusion.
“Daddy, why are you and Ms. Smith here?” Benny asked in his innocent, childlike voice.
The children had firmly remembered Lucian’s earlier words about them calling him Mr. Farwell at home and Daddy outside. Sensing their confusion, Roxanne looked at Lucian nervously, as she had no idea how to explain the situation to the children. Lucian calmly intervened, “Ms. Smith is not feeling well, so | got someone to take her to the hospital.”
Lucian spoke in a natural voice, concealing his hostility.
The bodyguards around them were able to read between the lines. They grabbed Ophelia’s arms and carried her to a car nearby. Without overthinking, Estella obediently nodded and said naively, “Daddy, make sure you help Ms. Smith get better soon, okay?” Lucian bobbed his head non-commitally in response.
The little ones looked at their father with anticipation and asked, “Are you having dinner with us tonight?”
“Not tonight. We'll have dinner together on another day,” Lucian replied. He then instructed the bodyguards beside him, “Send them home. Take my car.”
The bodyguards agreed and proceeded to escort the children to Lucian’s car. Roxanne, on the other hand, looked at her own car, then back at the man in front of her with a confused expression in her eyes.
“They'll take you to the car first. Daddy has something to tell Mommy,” Lucian said to the children.
The three little ones inclined their heads in acknowledgment. Before leaving, Benny even gave Lucian a thumbs up. As Lucian watched the children leave, the hostile energy surrounding him slowly dissipated, replaced by a faint smile.
Once the children left, Roxanne could not help but ask, “What just happened? | thought Ms. Smith had resigned. What did
she...
Lucian’s expression turned serious once again. “She wanted to harm you by tampering with your car. We found that she was carrying a bottle of lubricant. So, for now, you shouldn't drive this car. I'll send it to the workshop and get someone to inspect it thoroughly.”
Fury surged inside Lucian when he thought of what could have happened had Roxanne driven that car today.
Roxanne’s face turned pale at the revelation. She glanced at her car with fear. If Lucian hadn't found out, the kids and | would have been in danger today.
Roxanne knitted her brows when she thought of the possible consequences that might have happened. After glaring at Ophelia with disgust, she asked, “But why did she do that?”
Lucian’s face turned cold. “That’s what | want to know. Take the children home first. I’ll keep you updated.” 
###Chapter 1495
Chapter 1495
Roxanne knew that she would not be of any help even if she stuck around, so she did not insist on it and went into the car. After watching them leave, Lucian led the remaining bodyguards into their respective cars.
Soon, the cars drove off.
Ophelia was blindfolded the entire way, and she found the silence in the car unnerving.
“| know I’m wrong now! | really do! Please spare me!” she begged as fear wrapped around her heart.
However, she received no answer from anyone.
Awhile later, the car slowed down, and Ophelia’s heart lurched into her throat.
She was so anxious she could barely breathe. Various scenes from television shows kept flashing across her mind. With the Farwell family’s wealth and power, wiping her existence would be as easy as stepping on an ant.
The terror she felt reached its peak when someone came over with a rope.
After a sharp intake of breath, Ophelia passed out.
By the time she woke, she was already on the top floor of a building. Before her was a small helicopter.
“How was your sleep, Ms. Smith?” Lucian had a hand in his pocket as he looked down at her expressionlessly. Ophelia shuddered. “W-What do you want?”
Lucian narrowed his eyes and asked coldly, “Who told you to do this?”
Ophelia parted her lips before clamping her mouth shut again. She fervently shook her head and said, “N-No one told me to do this. | was the one who wanted to do this.”
If she were to reveal the mastermind behind this, Aubree was certainly going to come after her even if she survived Lucian.
“Is that so?” Lucian stepped on her hand, his expression still the same. “Then, tell me, what grudge do you have against Roxanne?”
That was a question Ophelia could not answer.
If not for Aubree, she would not even know a Roxanne Jarvis existed in this world.
“| heard you have quite a bad fear of heights. | wonder what you think of this height? It should be acceptable, right?”
With a look from Lucian, Ophelia was lifted and dragged to the side until the upper half of her body was held outside the railing. “Ah!”
An intense wave of dizziness hit Ophelia. Even though she knew that someone was holding onto her from the back, she felt as if she was going to fall anytime. Moreover, she had been restrained, so she could not struggle at all. The only thing she could do was scream.
After what seemed like eons, she was finally thrown back onto the ground.
“Did that clear your mind? What grudge do you have against Roxanne?” Lucian’s voice was like the voice of a devil who had just crawled out of hell, and a chill ran down Ophelia’s spine.
Ophelia collapsed on the ground, covered in sweat, as she said weakly, “I-I’ll tell you everything. It's Aubree. It’s Aubree Pearson who made me do this! | won't do this again...”
“Aubree Pearson,” Lucian said through gritted teeth, the veins on his neck popping. “It’s always her!” This woman again! She nearly killed the children previously!
All of a sudden, a thought entered Lucian’s head, and he grabbed Ophelia’s collar. “Speak! Were you the one who hurt Benny the other time?”
Ophelia’s upper body was lifted into the air, and his grip on her collar made it hard for her to breathe. “It was... It was all Aubree’s orders. I-| won't do this again!”
If she had known early on what kind of devil she was going to cross, she would not have agreed to take on Aubree’s task no matter how much money Aubree offered her.
“I'm sorry! I'll go to jail! Please have mercy on me!” Ophelia pleaded.
She would rather go to jail than be tormented by that man. 
###Chapter 1496
Chapter 1496
Lucian studied her with cold eyes for a few seconds before letting go of her collar.
Ophelia nearly fell right on her face. Thinking she had been spared, she started heaving breaths of relief. “Tie her up there,” came Lucian’s ruthless voice from above her.
Ophelia’s breath hitched.
Tie me up there? Up where?
Anxiously, she lifted her head, only to see the small helicopter in front of her.
At that very moment, Ophelia was certain that she was going to pass out again.
Alas, the bodyguards did not give her the chance to do that as they came over to drag her to the helicopter. Then they tied her under it.
Moments later, the rotor blades began spinning. Ophelia had been restrained tightly, but she started struggling nevertheless. “You better don’t struggle. If you do, | can’t guarantee that you won't fall off mid-flight,” Lucian whispered in her ear.
“Horington has a nice view, but unfortunately, | can only bring you around the suburbs. Think of this as a reward for your honest words, Ms. Smith.”
Right as he said that, Lucian raised his hand a little at the pilot, and the helicopter slowly ascended into the air. The moment her body was in the air, Ophelia turned ashen and passed out.
Lucian watched the helicopter take off into the distance before turning to say, “Wait for her to return and keep a close eye on
her. The bodyguard inclined his head.
Lucian did not linger; he immediately turned to head downstairs.
Once Lucian was in the car, Cayden gave his employer a careful look. “Mr. Farwell, are we going back to the manor or...” “We're going back,” Lucian uttered after a moment of silence.
Cayden hummed in reply and started the car.
He could guess why Lucian was not looking for Roxanne.
Even he had trouble enduring the wrath seeping out of Lucian, let alone Roxanne and the children.
Ms. Smith really must have had a death wish!
The car soon came to a stop before the entrance of the Farwell residence. After giving some simple instructions to Cayden, Lucian got out of the car and went into the manor.
Catalina had made dinner, and when she saw her employer return, she walked over to him.
Yet, before she could say anything, she saw Lucian gesturing to her to stay quiet.
Catalina swallowed her words and watched as Lucian went up the stairs.
She could not help but worry about the expression she saw on Lucian’s face when he entered the house earlier.
| wonder what happened for Mr. Farwell to be this furious.
Still, Catalina did not dare to ask him about it, so she called Roxanne.
I'm sure Mr. Farwell will say something if it's Mrs. Farwell asking.
Meanwhile, Roxanne had been waiting for Lucian’s news. She would look at her phone every once in a while. The second she received a call from the Farwell residence, she picked it up immediately.
“Mrs. Farwell,” Catalina greeted cautiously.
Roxanne was momentarily stunned when she heard the way Catalina greeted her. For a moment, she thought she had gone back in time.
Before Roxanne could say anything, Catalina said, “Are you free right now? If you are, could you please call Mr. Farwell? He seemed really angry when he came back earlier, and he even skipped his dinner. | don’t know what happened.”
In the past, Catalina would have been helpless in the face of a situation like this. She would have had no choice but to let Lucian do as he pleased.
However, Roxanne was around now. Roxanne was surprised to hear Catalina’s words. “He’s back?” Catalina replied in confusion, “He is. What's the matter? Were you going to meet Mr. Farwell?”
Why does she sound surprised? 
###Chapter 1497
Chapter 1497
Catalina instinctively thought that the two of them were fighting again, so she started trying to patch them back.
“Mrs. Farwell, Mr. Farwell really cares for you. He must have lost control of himself out of worry if he accidentally said something wrong or had been acting terribly. Please don’t be mad at him...”
Roxanne realized that Catalina had misunderstood their situation, but she did not have the time to explain. She only said, “I got it. I'll call him now, so don’t worry.”
With that, she hastily ended the call and called Lucian instead. Right as she was about to tap the call button, she abruptly thought about something.
Glancing at the three children, she said, “I’m going to head out for a while, so be good at home, okay? Rest earlier.” The children had overheard her conversation with Catalina, and Benny asked, “Mommy, are you going to meet Mr. Farwell?”
Roxanne did not plan to hide it from them. She nodded and said, “Take care of Essie. Don’t open the door for anyone and don’t sneak out either!”
The children nodded obediently. “Don’t worry, Mommy, and go and meet Mr. Farwell. We'll be good!”
It was only after they promised did Roxanne feel at ease enough to leave the house.
She hoped to get clear answers from Lucian after meeting him in person.
At the Farwell residence, Catalina was worriedly looking upstairs, wondering how Roxanne and Lucian’s conversation had gone. She wondered if the two of them were fighting again, for Lucian had not yet come downstairs.
Right then, someone rang the doorbell.
Turning over, Catalina saw that it was Roxanne. The latter looked anxious by the gate.
Catalina quickly opened the gate and the door before waiting for Roxanne by the doorway.
“Mrs. Farwell, it’s late. Why did you come here in person?” Catalina asked in concern.
Roxanne bobbed her head at Catalina and said, “There are some things | need to talk to Lucian about. Where is he?” Catalina pointed up. “Mr. Farwell’s been in the study since he came back. He hasn't come out until now.”
Roxanne instantly turned to ascend the stairs.
However, she recalled what Catalina had told her earlier and halted in her tracks. “I'll be going up first. Heat up the dishes and serve them to him in a bit.”
Catalina finally let out a sigh of relief and quickly went to do as Roxanne told her to. Roxanne continued her way upstairs.
Lucian was standing by the tall window in the study. His jaw was tense, and the veins on his temples were visible. The anger he felt refused to leave.
| can’t believe someone’s trying to hurt Roxanne and the kids under my nose! If | didn’t notice this in time... I'd have lost her again.
Every time he thought about the possibility of losing her, Lucian would feel his chest tightening.
While he was trying his best to recompose himself, someone suddenly knocked on the door.
“I'm not hungry, so leave me be,” he promptly said.
The knocking stopped.
Roxanne’s voice rang out. “It’s me.”
Upon hearing that voice, Lucian furrowed his brows and glanced at his scowling reflection in the window. His track toward the door faltered.
Roxanne’s voice rang out again. “Did | come too abruptly? But... | can’t be at ease. If you’re not free, then—” The door to the study opened in the middle of her sentence.
Roxanne found herself in the man’s embrace before she could even react. 
###Chapter 1498
Chapter 1498
Lucian’s embrace was a tight one, for he was terrified that she would leave. “Don’t go.”
He yearned to see her. He wanted to feel her in his arms, but he was afraid that he would frighten the children, so he had to restrain himself from doing so.
Now that Roxanne had come, there was no way Lucian was going to let her go easily. Roxanne did not know whether it was just her hallucination or not, but she sensed that Lucian seemed anxious.
After a second of hesitation, she raised her arms to return the hug and whispered, “I’m not going to leave. | wanted to say that I'll be waiting downstairs if you're not free.”
She was there for the children, after all; she would not leave in peace until she received answers to her questions.
It was then Lucian slowly relaxed his grip on her.
After patting his back soothingly, Roxanne moved away from his arms and asked, “What happened? Why are you...” Lucian slowly calmed down as he gazed at her.
However, when he thought about the results of his interrogation, an iciness crept into his voice. “Ophelia poured lubricant on your brakes. She was also the one who got Benny injured the last time.”
Roxanne’s eyes widened. “Why would she do that?”
She did not remember when she had crossed Ophelia, and she could not wrap her head around why Ophelia would want her and her children dead.
“Aubree’s the one behind this.” Lucian’s tone took on an even more glacial tone. “I nearly lost you again.” Roxanne snapped her brows together at the mention of Aubree’s name. However, in the next second, she heard Lucian’s long sigh, and she shuddered.
“You noticed her plan in time, and I’m standing here, safe and sound.” Roxanne did not know how to respond to Lucian’s heavy feelings. She could only do her best to console him. “This is an oversight on my part. I'll protect the children and myself well from now on. Also, you’ve assigned more bodyguards to us, haven’t you? We'll be fine.”
Lucian could see her helpless look, so he suppressed his feelings and nodded. “I hope so.”
“About Aubree, | want to make a police report as soon as possible,” Roxanne started when she saw him averting his eyes from her. “I previously said that | wanted to let the police handle her case, but various things have been stopping me from doing that. | thought she would change her ways after all these matters...”
If she had to be honest, Roxanne would admit that she wanted to be merciful.
However, the thought of what happened in the evening brought a determined look into Roxanne’s eyes. “Since she refuses to turn over a new leaf, | don’t want to waste any more time. | don’t know what kind of insane, nefarious plan she'll cook up again if she continues to escape punishment like this.”
The look in Lucian’s eyes was a grim one, but he made sure not to let its vicious undertones show in his eyes.
To Lucian, letting the police apprehend her was far too easy on her.
Nevertheless, he nodded at Roxanne and said, “It'll be up to you.”
“Where’s Ophelia right now?”
If she was going to get the police involved, she would need evidence, and Ophelia would be the perfect witness for Aubree’s case.
Lucian called Cayden. After confirming that Ophelia was still under their watch, Lucian then told Roxanne about the situation. Without hesitation, Roxanne called the police upon hearing Lucian’s explanation.
If she dragged the matter on, the children could be in danger again. Their safety was not something she was going to risk. 
###Chapter 1499
Chapter 1499
The police responded efficiently, especially when it came to a matter related to the Farwell family. Investigations began that very night.
Once Ophelia woke up, Cayden brought her to the police station.
Traumatized by the evening’s events, she cooperated with the police by confessing and giving them all her phone records with Aubree.
Upon obtaining the evidence, the police began the hunt. In a mansion on the outskirts of the city, Gina was tossing and turning on her bed at midnight.
Samuel reprimanded her, “What are you doing? Why aren’t you asleep at this hour? Our useless daughter has left. Do you plan on leaving with her?”
The distraught Gina carefully replied, “Don’t say that. Aubree’s still our daughter no matter what. Besides, didn’t you approve of her actions in the beginning? How can you now blame her when the plan has fallen apart? | wonder how she’s doing alone outside.” Gina rubbed her chest. “I can’t help worrying about her, and my eyelids won't stop twitching—”
Her words were interrupted by a sudden knock on the door downstairs.
Gina was consequently startled by it.
Ever since they moved to the mansion, no one had ever visited them at midnight.
Given the secluded location and the fact that she was already on her nerves that night, Gina thought that it might be a ghost. “I'll go down and take a look.”
Samuel got out of bed vigilantly and looked out the window first.
The sight of the police car downstairs caused his expression to darken. Turning toward Gina, he barked, “Come downstairs with
me. Afraid to stay alone, Gina hurriedly threw a jacket over herself before following Samuel down.
Samuel opened the door solemnly, maintaining a cautious attitude. “Officer, what can we do for you at this ungodly hour?” Outside the door, the police officer flashed his identification. “Where’s Aubree Pearson?”
It took Gina some time to make sense of what was going on. When she finally did, she felt her knees buckle upon hearing the officer's words.
“Officer, my daughter... What did Aubree do? Why are you looking for her?” she asked, hoping to try her luck. Samuel, too, was staring at their visitors with a grave look on his face. “We're here to arrest Aubree. We have evidence to prove that she has committed attempted murder. Where is she?”
After stating the purpose of their visit succinctly, the officer began to scrutinize the surroundings.
Attempted murder...
This time, Gina felt her knees give out for real. Supporting herself with the couch, she gradually slumped into it as tears gushed out uncontrollably. “Oh my god... What has she done?”
Samuel's face had also turned red in anger.
Despite his repeated warnings not to cause any trouble, Aubree clearly didn’t heed his words.
She has messed up big time now!
After giving both of them a suspicious look, the police barged into their home and began the search.
Unfortunately, they came up empty-handed. All they could do was question Aubree’s parents and warn them, “If we find out that you have lied to us and contacted the suspect, you will be punished by the law too!”
The words sent a shiver down Gina’s spine.
In contrast to her, Samuel responded harshly, “Ever since the news the last time, | have already kicked her out. | have no idea where she is, and | don’t have a daughter like her. If you find her, do whatever you will!” 
###Chapter 1500
Chapter 1500
After putting the two on surveillance, the police contacted Lucian at once. “What? You don’t know where she is?” The update triggered a scowl on Lucian’s face. “What did Samuel and Gina say?”
“They have no idea where she is, and we have searched everywhere. It’s just that since you and Aubree were previously... Perhaps she might agree to come forward if you set up a meeting with her.”
In essence, they wanted Lucian to act as bait.
With a slight furrow of his brows, Lucian glanced at Roxanne, who was beside him.
Unable to hear what they were talking about, Roxanne gave him a puzzled look when their eyes met. “| understand. I'll give it a try,” Lucian answered before ending the call.
Roxanne asked anxiously, “What's wrong?”
“Aubree has disappeared. Samuel claimed that he kicked her out ever since the incident with the photo. No one knows where she is currently.” Lucian continued with a solemn tone, “The police want me to contact her, hoping to lure her out.”
Even though Roxanne nodded to indicate her acknowledgment, she still gave him a nervous look. Lucian called Cayden, instructing him to lead a team and join the police on their search. Thereafter, he proceeded to contact Aubree.
Meanwhile, the distraught Aubree was sitting on the bed inside a hotel in the city. Phone in hand, she was staring at Ophelia’s contact.
When there were no updates about Roxanne after an entire day’s wait, she wanted to check with Ophelia about their plan’s success.
Unfortunately, she couldn’t reach Ophelia despite trying the entire night.
Just when she refused to give up and wanted to continue calling, her phone suddenly rang. Lucian was on the line. The sight of the caller ID caused Aubree to tense up. Her phone almost slipped out of her trembling hands. Lucian? Why is he calling me now?
Aubree’s mind was filled with questions.
In the past, she would have answered without hesitation.
But now, her gut told her that the call was nothing but trouble.
However... What if?
Gritting her teeth, Aubree felt torn due to her desire for things to return to the way they were. After long deliberation, she finally decided to pick up. She answered warmly, “Lucian, it’s late. What is it?”
Lucian’s deep voice rang out beside her ear. “Where are you? Let’s meet. Perhaps there has been some misunderstanding about what happened previously.”
Aubree’s eyes lit up at the words.
Just when she was about to reply, she heard the wailing siren of a police car downstairs.
Jolted back to her senses, Aubree balled her free hand into a fist, while the one clenching the phone trembled uncontrollably. Before Lucian could say another word, she ended the call.
Lucian called me out of the blue after not getting in touch for a long time... With his capabilities, there’s no way he isn’t aware of my parents’ home on the outskirts of the city. And yet, the first thing he asked about was my location. It means he knows that I’m not at the mansion and is looking for me! That can only be the result of Ophelia being caught and consequently betraying me. Obviously, | cannot meet him, as that would seal my doom! Also, he might have tracked my location through the call.
Cognizant of the fact, Aubree sprang up from the bed and grabbed her coat before leaving the hotel discreetly. 
###Chapter 1501
Chapter 1501
As she stepped out of the hotel, Aubree's mind drew a blank. She had no idea what to do next.
There was no way she could return to the mansion on the outskirts, as Lucian would definitely have it watched. The same could be said of the hotel.
Feeling desperate, she gave Frieda a call.
The latter, who was already sound asleep, was woken up by the ringing of her phone.
Just as she was about to end the call by reflex, she was jolted awake by a glimpse of the caller ID. It was then that a glint of annoyance flashed across her eyes.
Aubree! When is she going to stop bugging me?
Upon regaining her composure, she answered, “Aubree, is there anything | can do for you?”
“Where are you now? Come to the hotel. I'm downstairs waiting for you. Remember, don't let anyone find out!” The tension in Aubree's voice couldn't be any more obvious.
Her tone caused Frieda's heart to inexplicably sink. Before she even replied, she had already gotten out of bed. “What's wrong? Did something happen? Why do you want to see me?” she asked while getting dressed.
Aubree answered flatly, “They have evidence against me and have probably called the police too. That's why I've gone into hiding. If you lead anyone to me, I'll drag you down to hell with me!”
Frieda froze as panic began to fill her eyes. Aubree is on the run from the police. Should | help her now? What if | lead them to her?
While she was hesitating, Aubree's voice rang out again. “If you don't show up. the first tiling I'll do when I'm caught is to expose your crimes. When that happens, | can't guarantee what my tongue will let slip. If you cross me, I'll definitely make you suffer for it!”
Faced with the blatant threat, Frieda lost her temper and snapped. “You better not cross the line!”
Aubree snorted in response. “You chose this path back then. It's too late for regrets now. You have twenty minutes. If | don't see you, you're going down with me!”
With that. Aubree ended the call.
As the call-end tone rang out from her phone, the furious Frieda glowered insidiously. It was then that Cory's words began to echo in her mind.
If | had known this was going to happen, | would've worked with him that night! Unfortunately, it was too late for regrets now;
Frieda had no choice but to get herself ready and slip out of her room stealthily.
To avoid her family's notice, she didn't even drive her car. Instead, she flagged down a taxi by the street to send her to the hotel. She knew’ the location well since she was the one wrho made the hotel reservation on Aubree's behalf.
By the time she arrived, twenty minutes had passed. There was also no sign of Aubree anywhere.
Asense of dread began to swell wdtliin her. and she scanned the surroundings anxiously.
“Im here!”
Aubree's voice rang out from an inconspicuous alley.
Given a fright, Frieda took a few seconds to regain her composure before walking over.
“What's your plan?” She gave Aubree a wrary look.
The last thing Aubree had was a plan. “Anything will do as long as | can escape!”
Frieda suggested unreservedly, “Fleeing overseas is your only option. If you stay in the country, the Farwell family will get you even if the police don't. 
###Chapter 1502
Chapter 1502
“Overseas?” Aubree seethed insidiously. “If | leave, won't that b*tch, Roxanne, get what she wants? How can | do that before | have my revenge against her?”
Sensing the insidious aura Aubree was exuding, the tense Frieda carefully persuaded the former, “If you don't go and end up being captured by the police or the Farwell family, you will fall into even worse circumstances than you're currently in. When that happens, you can kiss vengeance goodbye!”
Frieda didn't dare infuriate Aubree given the latter's state of mind. Worried that Aubree would go mad, Freida tried her best to calm her down.
After all, it was also in her interest if Aubree were to flee overseas.
With that thought in mind, Frieda suggested, “If you're worried about money, | can prepare it for you. Even though it isn't much, | can spare ten to twenty million now that | have returned to the Queen family.”
Panic struck Aubree when she heard of the fate that awaited her. Nevertheless, she was reluctant to let Roxanne go just like that.
Gritting her teeth, she replied, “There has to be another way!” Meanwhile, Lucian was looking displeased in his study at the Farwell residence.
“Let it go. The police will think of something. You should grab a bite first,” Roxanne advised Lucian softly despite the anxiety she felt after learning of Aubree's refusal to meet.
Since Catalina had served the food a while ago, it would soon grow cold if left untouched. However, Lucian furrowed his brows as a murderous intent began to swell within him. If Aubree dares to cause any more trouble, I'll definitely...
Although she couldn't tell what was on his mind, Roxanne could feel the sudden tension in the room. She got up to hold his arm and lead him to the couch. Thereafter, she brought the food that was served to him.
Staring at Roxanne, Lucian cast aside his frustrations and relished the attention she was showering him. Just as both of them were sharing a quiet meal, a knock on the door was heard. Catalina's voice subsequently rang out. “Mr. and Mrs. Farwell are here.”
Roxanne stopped what she was doing in response to Catalina's words. Looking at Lucian, she spoke hesitantly. “You should go down. I'll wait for you here.”
She had no intention of seeing Sonya unless it was necessary.
However, Lucian calmly finished the food she served before getting up from the couch. He replied in a deep voice, “We'll head down together. She'll have to accept you and the kids sooner or later.”
Giving her no choice, he grabbed her wrist and led her out of the study.
Roxanne finally relented because she found no real reason to protest.
Upon descending the staircase together, they saw the two figures sitting on the couch.
Sonya was evidently outraged, her chest heaving vigorously. Elias, with an equally grave expression, was trying his best to calm her down.
Further infuriated by the unexpected sight of Roxanne, Sonya jumped to her feet. “Why are both of you together at this hour?”
When Elias saw Roxanne, he nodded to greet her.
Roxanne reciprocated with a polite nod before returning her gaze to the furious Sonya.
Just as she was about to reply, Lucian preempted her, “There's nothing wrong with us being together. Instead, I'm more curious as to what both of you are doing here at this hour.”
Sonya turned toward Elias, hoping that he would say something.
When he saw the look in his wife's eye, Elias explained in resignation, “Why did you call the police so late at night? The police chief just informed me about it. What's going on? 
###Chapter 1503
Chapter 1503
Chapter 1503 Sonya fixed Roxanne with a cold-eyed stare, clearly suspecting that Lucian had caused a commotion because of her.
Lucian stepped between his mother and Roxanne protectively, then led the latter downstairs and made her sit in the armchair while he stood beside her.
“| wouldn't have bothered the police at such a late hour, but | caught a woman named Ophelia Smith trying to pour lubricant over the brakes on Roxanne's car this afternoon. Had | not discovered what she was doing, I'm afraid Roxanne and the children could be dead by now.”
Sonya's expression changed. “What? Didn't that person know Estella would be riding in that car too?” Lucian's tone turned grave as he replied, “She knew, of course. After all, the mastermind behind it all is Aubree.” “What did you say?” Sonya was so enraged that she lost her balance and staggered backward into Elias.
He immediately helped her to the couch, then asked, “What's going on? How can you be sure that it was Aubree's doing? Hasn't she learned her lesson after her family's fall from grace?”
Lucian nodded indifferently. “I'm also curious why she's still so incorrigible after her family's downfall and keeps pestering Roxanne and the children.”
His response confirmed to his parents that Aubree had orchestrated the whole thing.
Nodding, Elias said, “If that's the case, she deserves to be arrested. In fact, she should've been arrested after what happened previously.”
However, Sonya was still a little doubtful. “Aubree's—”
“I'm sure you've seen the photos of her in a robe at a hotel. Isn't that enough to tell you what sort of person she is? Now that the situation has already come to a head, do you still think she couldn't have done such things? How long are you going to let her hoodwink you?” Lucian's voice grew a few notches colder, and a hint of anger flashed in his eyes as he looked at his mother.
Sonya looked away, recalling how she felt when she had seen those photos. He's right. Aubree's a liar. But...
Narrowing his eyes, Lucian suddenly said, “If you still don't believe it, you can always call and ask her to come over so that you can confront her face-to-face.”
Roxanne caught on almost at once. Aubree is backed into a corner now. If Sonya calls her, she'll surely see Sonya as a lifeline and come to meet Sonya!
As the realization dawned on her, Roxanne could not help feeling somewhat nervous. She desperately hoped that Sonya would agree and lure Aubree out naturally. Sonya looked uncertain as she gazed at Lucian, then at the woman behind him.
“If you're worried, why don't you just call and ask?” Elias urged her. Only then did Sonya take her phone from her handbag, pull up Aubree's number, and make the call.
Meanwhile, Aubree was fretting like a cat on a hot tin roof, unable to come up with a single solution. When she saw Sonya's call, she instantly fell back to her habit of thinking of Sonya as her lifesaver and hurriedly answered it.
“Mrs. Farwell, you've got to help me!” she cried out in a tearful voice.
Hearing that, Sonya felt her heart lurch as she realized everything Lucian had said was true. Nonetheless, she still harbored a trace of pity for Aubree in her heart. She asked, “Was it really you who put Ophelia Smith up to it?”
Aubree sobbed, “I know it was my fault, Mrs. Farwell. | lost all rationale for a while. Please help me. | won't do it ever again!” 
###Chapter 1504
Chapter 1504
Although Aubree did not admit to it directly, her apology could be considered an indirect confirmation that she had instigated Ophelia's actions.
Utterly disappointed, Sonya said flatly, “How could | have trusted someone as heartless as you all these years?”
Hearing the indifference in her voice, Aubree quickly explained, “I swear that's the only thing | lied to you about, and it was because | was too madly in love with Lucian! You understand that, don't you? | promise I'll never do it again.”
Sonya was infuriated by her words. “That's the only thing you lied about? You don't think that's enough, do you? You nearly killed my granddaughter!”
Although they were only speaking over the phone, a shiver ran down Aubree's spine. She began sobbing even harder. “] was wrong! I'll even prostrate myself and apologize to Essie if you want. Please forgive me this time! Have you forgotten? You said you'd only acknowledge me as your daughter-in-law. | won't marry Lucian anymore, so please ask him to show me mercy.”
Sonya was already fuming over the fact that Aubree had deceived her. However, seeing that the latter had dared to bring up what she had said in the past, she was absolutely livid. “Get over here and apologize to Essie, then!”
All of a sudden, Aubree fell silent. Get on my hands and knees before that little kid and apologize? How can | do that? Besides, won't Lucian know if | go back there? Where will | run then?
The silence caused Sonya's voice to turn even icier as she said, “I'm giving you one last chance. Come back and explain everything clearly to my face. If you don't even have the guts to meet me, there's nothing left for us to say.”
Aubree clenched her jaw and ended the call without uttering a single word.
“What happened, Aubree?” Frieda, who had been watching Aubree on the phone, felt uneasy. The outcome that'd be the most favorable for me is if Aubree were to leave the country and flee as far away as possible. If Sonya agrees to help Aubree, however, my plan will fail, and Aubree will end up remaining in the country and continuing to be a nuisance to me!
Aubree clutched her phone so tightly that her hand shook. “That old hag! She's in cahoots with that b*tch! She wants me to go back. Does she take me for a fool?” After saying that, she gritted her teeth and turned to Frieda. “You mentioned going abroad. How do we go about that?”
Still looking a little troubled, Frieda replied, “I can get the money ready, but if you're to leave with things as they are now, it'll be quite difficult to send you off without the Farwells finding out.”
Feeling defeated, Aubree slumped against the wall. “I'm done for...”
“The Pearsons used to have many friends among the other prestigious families. Is there really no one who could help you? Try and think again,” Frieda urged, visibly anxious.
“Let me think...” Aubree mumbled.
Back in the Farwell residence living room, Sonya remained shaken for a long while. It's only now that I'm finally seeing Aubree's true colors.
“How could | have been so blind? How could | have trusted someone like that?” She shook her head in deep regret. | even entertained the thought that Aubree would probably turn over a new leaf after what happened to her family and would be a suitable candidate for my daughter-in-law. Now, I've no choice but to admit | fell for the same person's trickery twice!
Lucian had expected her response, and he did not press for details. He merely asked, “How did it go? Is she willing to meet with you?” 
###Chapter 1505
Chapter 1505
Not wanting to say anything further, Sonya simply shook her head with a gloomy expression. The fact that she had been tricked by someone like Aubree was humiliating enough.
She was not about to admit it in front of Roxanne.
Lucian and Roxanne exchanged solemn glances when they saw her response.
“What do you plan on having the police do to her?” Elias asked.
“They will handle her accordingly based on what she did. However, we don't know where Aubree is right now, so we'll need to find her before we even worry about that,” Lucian replied coldly.
Sonya frowned the moment she heard that. “Why didn't you tell me about this sooner? | wouldn't have taken that tone with her if you had told me about it!”
Had I known about this sooner, | would've pretended to care about Aubree and tricked her into coming back!
Of course, Lucian knew what Sonya had in mind. “She's extremely cautious. | only told you to call her to test her out, so | wasn't expecting much to begin with.”
Realizing that Sonya was about to get mad again, Elias quickly stood up and pulled her into his arms. “Your mother and | will leave you two alone now that we know what's going on. Just give me a call if you ever need anything. As for Aubree, I'll have our men continue searching for her.”
“I'll go see Gina and Samuel again and tell them to talk some sense into Aubree. Hopefully, they'll be able to convince her to surrender,” Sonya said coldly after forcefully suppressing her anger.
Feeling relieved that she was finally starting to understand, Lucian flashed her a smile and nodded in acknowledgment. “You two should get some rest too,” Elias reminded them after walking Sonya to the door.
Lucian arched an eyebrow at him in response. “Got it. Be careful on the road.”
Sonya waited until they were inside the car before expressing her guilt and regret.
“How could | have missed all the signs? | can't believe Aubree is so cruel and heartless! Our poor granddaughter suffers a lot as is, and yet, Aubree still targeted her anyway...”
Elias turned to look at her after slowly starting the car. “That's why | told you not to interfere with Lucian's affairs.”
Sonya frowned and was about to say something in response, but Elias retracted his gaze as he continued, “Why do you think Lucian chose not to marry her after all these years? Why do you think Essie still refuses to accept her?”
Sonya opened her mouth, but she couldn't find the words to say in response to his questions.
The answers are obvious... Lucian still can't bring himself to let go of Roxanne, and Essie has seen right through Aubree's pretense long ago. My poor granddaughter suffered so much at Aubree's hands for so long, and yet she couldn't even tell anyone about it. I've always been trying to get Essie to spend time with Aubree, so it's only natural for her to dislike me. | feel so bad for her...
“Why did Lucian want you to call Aubree just now?” Elias pressed on when he received no response from her.
Having been snapped out of her train of thought, Sonya replied reluctantly, “He just wanted me to see Aubree's true intentions. Tell me, have | been making a complete fool out of myself this whole time?”
“Lucian is the only one who can decide who he marries. If you interfere, then he might end up marrying someone like Aubree. Do you really want to put the Farwell family in the hands of a woman like that?” Elias asked.
Sonya simply snorted and kept quiet after that. 
###Chapter 1506
Chapter 1506
Roxanne glanced at the time after Sonya and Elias left. “It's getting late. | should be heading back now. | can't rest easy knowing that the kids are home alone.”
“I'll send you home,” Lucian said with a frown.
It was indeed rather late, and Aubree's whereabouts were still unknown. It was possible that she would pop out of nowhere and try to take Roxanne's life. Lucian didn't feel safe letting Roxanne go home by herself.
Roxanne knew he was worried about her safety, so she chose not to turn his offer down. “Thanks.” After getting into the car, the two of them talked about Aubree as Lucian drove slowly toward Roxanne's house.
“| wonder where Aubree is right now. | can't rest easy until she's behind bars...” Roxanne mumbled with a worried look in her eyes while gazing at the scenery outside.
Lucian slowed the car down a little as he reassured her, “We have solid evidence against her, so the police won't let her get away with it. In the meantime, | will also do everything | can to find her. Until she is caught, | will have my men protect you and the kids in secret.”
Roxanne felt somewhat at ease when she recalled that Lucian had averted the recent crisis in time. “Thanks.” She also couldn't help but question her own ability to ensure the safety of her kids.
Lucian's eyes dimmed when he saw the look of self-blame on her face. “I should be apologizing to you. Aubree wouldn't have targeted you and the kids if it weren't for me. | failed to protect you all before due to my negligence.”
Roxanne frowned and was about to say something when Lucian continued, “From now on, | will increase the level of security around you and the kids. I'll also try to come up with more ways to keep you all safe.”
“| just hope we can catch Aubree as soon as possible. Hopefully, she'll repent her ways and change for the better after she's behind bars,” Roxanne said.
Lucian nodded, and the two of them continued chatting away. It was already eleven by the time they arrived at Roxanne's house.
After spending the entire day working at the research institute and going through a roller-coaster of emotions in the evening, Roxanne was extremely exhausted.
As Lucian was driving really slowly, she got even sleepier along the drive and was barely awake when she got out of the car. “It's really late. Be careful on your drive home,” she reminded him while struggling to keep her eyes open.
Feeling touched that Roxanne was still concerned about him even when she was so tired, Lucian reached out and gently caressed her face.
“What's wrong?” Roxanne asked, staring at him in confusion.
“| think | might have been traumatized by the incident earlier this evening. | don't feel like letting you out of my sight,” Lucian replied.
Roxanne let out a chuckle when she heard that. “Come on, stop joking!”
She couldn't seem to believe that Lucian would get traumatized by anything.
The next thing she knew, Lucian had pulled her into his embrace.
Unlike their hug outside the study, Lucian was being somewhat cautious when he hugged her this time.
“How much longer are you going to make me wait?”
Roxanne was about to hug him back, but she paused when she heard what he asked and nervously pulled her arms back.
Lucian tightened his hug when he noticed her response. “Are you regretting it?” 
###Chapter 1507
Chapter 1507
Roxanne had a hesitant look in her eyes as she asked, “I want to know what you think of Archie and Benny. Tell me honestly, did you only choose to accept them because of me?”
“You know me. Except for Essie, | have no patience for kids in general. But things are different with Archie and Benny. I'm not sure if it's because they have your blood running through their veins, but | felt an odd sense of closeness with them the moment | first saw them,” Lucian replied without any hesitation.
He then released his grip on Roxanne as he continued, “I was prepared to accept them the moment | first saw them. It's just as | said in the announcement. From now on, | will treat them as our children, which is no different from how | treat Essie.”
Roxanne felt a wave of melancholy sweep over her when she heard that.
Lucian said he felt a sense of closeness with them because they're my children, but in reality, they're his children too... Who would've thought being related by blood would have such a strong effect on people? Lucian has been proving his words with the way he treats Archie and Benny. If Sonya can genuinely accept Archie and Benny into the family, then | will tell Lucian the truth about their identities. | will let him know that Archie and Benny are our children!
Lucian had his arm around her waist as he observed the changes in her expression.
While he couldn't tell what she was thinking, the firm yet gentle look in her eyes caused his heart to skip a beat.
As Lucian slowly moved his hand up to her face, Roxanne went along with his movement and got closer to him.
The sexual tension between them increased as the two of them got closer to each other.
Their lips were about to touch when a childish voice called out to Roxanne from above.
“Mommy! You're back—”
Archie quickly held a hand over Benny's mouth to stop him from interrupting the kiss.
He then grabbed Benny by the arm and tried to sneak back into the room so they could pretend nothing had ever happened. However, Roxanne had heard him and tensed up all of a sudden.
Lucian frowned slightly as he tried to move in for a kiss, but Roxanne turned to the side at the last second, so he only managed to kiss her on the cheek.
She then pushed him aside and shot him a glare in response.
Lucian looked up at the balcony on the second floor and called out to the three kids who were about to sneak away, “It's really late. Why are you three still awake at this hour?”
Roxanne had wanted to stop him, but it was too late.
The kids stopped in their tracks when they heard his voice.
After exchanging glances with each other, Benny decided to step forward and wave at them from the balcony.
“| didn't mean to stay up, Daddy! | just thought I'd greet Mommy since | heard her coming home. | didn't know you two came back together!”
| would've hidden in my room and pretended to be asleep if | had known!
Of course, Lucian wasn't going to punish Benny or anything. He just wanted to show Roxanne that the kids knew everything. 
###Chapter 1508
Chapter 1508
“It's really late. You should go to bed. Don't go anywhere for the next few days,” Lucian reminded them.
The kids nodded profusely in response.
“Okay! We'll be going to bed now!” Archie said as he casually led Benny and Estella back inside.
Lucian said nothing further after watching the three of them leave the balcony.
Roxanne, on the other hand, was burning bright red.
Lucian and | were just hugging the last time they caught us together. This time, they nearly caught us kissing! Roxanne shot Lucian another glare at the thought of that.
“It's really late. | thought they had all gone to bed,” Lucian replied with an innocent look on his face.
Roxanne felt speechless when she saw how calm he was about it. “As you said, it's very late. | need to go to bed now. You should head home too, Mr. Farwell!”
Lucian had an affectionate look in his eyes when he saw her get flustered. Roxanne had just walked past him when he reached out and grabbed her by the wrist. He spun her around and gave her a quick kiss on the lips.
“Take good care of yourself. My phone will be switched on at all times, so just give me a call if anything happens,” he said before letting go of her.
Having been caught off guard by his sudden kiss, Roxanne only regained her composure a few seconds later.
Whatever negative emotions she had were gone when she heard his deep and seductive voice. “You too. Stay safe on the drive home, and let me know when you have arrived.”
Lucian nodded with a smile and waited until she entered the mansion before getting into his car. Roxanne watched as his car disappeared into the distance before returning to her room.
She had just opened her bedroom door when she saw the three kids sitting on her bed.
The kids turned around excitedly when they heard the door opening.
Benny sounded a little disappointed when he asked, “Why did you come upstairs so soon, Mommy?”
Roxanne knew what he was implying with that question of his, but she ignored it and responded by asking, “I'm the one asking the questions here. Why are you three still awake this late at night?”
Unsure of what to say, the kids exchanged glances in silence. Eventually, Estella decided to speak up and replied with a pitiful look on her face, “I couldn't sleep because you weren't home yet, so | had Archie and Benny keep me company.”
She then hopped off the bed and hugged Roxanne's thigh as she continued, “It's all my fault, Mommy. Please don't blame Archie and Benny!”
Roxanne had always had a soft spot for Estella to begin with, and that spot only grew softer ever since she found out about Estella's identity.
She patted Estella on the head and shifted her gaze toward Archie and Benny. “Oh, well... | have something to tell you kids anyway.”
The kids immediately sat up straight with serious looks on their faces.
Not wanting to scare them, Roxanne tried her best to sound as calm as possible when she said, “I need you kids to behave yourselves and bring your smartwatches with you when you go to kindergarten. Also, stay with Ms. Ward after class is over. Do not leave the kindergarten until you see me. Is that understood?”
The kids were pretty smart, so they knew something had happened after the incident earlier that evening even if Roxanne didn't tell them.
While they were still too young to be of any help, the best they could do was not make Roxanne and Lucian worry.
“Okay!” The kids nodded obediently in unison. 
###Chapter 1509
Chapter 1509
“So? Have you come up with a plan, Aubree?”
As time ticked past, Frieda grew increasingly anxious.
Aubree recalled something right then and clenched her jaw forcefully. “Have you investigated the man from that night?”
Frieda's eyes turned as wide as saucers. “You're going to ask for his help? Didn't you say he's in cahoots with Roxanne? What if he betrays you?”
Determination flashed across Aubree's eyes. “That's the only way! The man gave off an unusual aura, so I'm sure he's a powerful man!”
“But... why would someone like him work for Roxanne?” Frieda was filled with confusion.
“Did you investigate or not?” Aubree snapped, her patience wearing thin.
Frieda gave a hesitant nod. “I checked the surveillance footage and tracked down his house.” “Bring me there!” Aubree said without hesitation.
Seeing that she was so determined, Frieda had no choice but to do as told.
They hailed a taxi by the roadside, and Frieda gave the driver the address of their destination. The vehicle slowly pulled away from the motel entrance.
Soon, the taxi rolled to a stop in front of a mansion.
“This is it but I'm not sure if he usually stays here,” Frieda said.
Aubree had no time to ponder her next move. She hastily flung open the car door and stepped out. The mansion was brightly lit. It was obvious it was occupied.
Aubree heaved a sigh of relief. However, her respite was brief. A moment later, her face twisted into a grimace and her gaze grew icy cold as she remembered why she was there.
Frieda stepped forward and rang the doorbell. Soon, someone answered the intercom. “Who is it?” Frieda turned to look at Aubree standing beside her.
“I'm looking for the owner of this mansion. Tell him that a woman with the surname Pearson is here to talk to him. He'll know who | am,” Aubree responded coolly.
The person on the other end grunted in acknowledgment. A brief silence later, he said, “The door is open. Come on in.” Following that, the door to the mansion opened with a click.
Aubree strode in, her face devoid of expression. As soon as she stepped into the mansion, she saw the man lounging on the couch.
“Ms. Pearson, why are you here late at night? Don't tell me you can't forget what happened that night,” the man said flippantly even though Frieda had come with Aubree. He stood up and came to Aubree.
“What are you talking about?” Hatred filled Aubree's eyes. “How dare you mention that night? If it wasn't for—ugh! | want to tear you into pieces for what you've done!”
Shawn arched a brow in amusement. “If it wasn't for what? If I'm not mistaken, that must be the reason for your visit, Ms. Pearson. Am | right?”
Aubree glared at him. “I need your help to leave the country!”
Shawn let out a derisive snort. “It appears that you have come to seek my help. Ms. Pearson, you may have been in a position of authority for an extended period of time, so | must remind you that this is not the appropriate way to request help.”
As he spoke, he swept his gaze over Frieda.
The Farwell family and the Pearson family have called off the engagement, but Ms. Queen is still friends with Ms. Pearson. How interesting.
Frieda met his gaze, and suddenly a vivid image flashed through her mind. A few years ago, Jonathan had brought her along to attend a national business conference, and she had met this man there.
Although the man wasn't as popular as Lucian, there were still people who would flatter him. She knew he could easily help Aubree. 
###Chapter 1510
Chapter 1510
Chapter 1510 Aubree clenched her fists by her sides, her nails digging into her palms. “Who said I'm asking for your help? Don't you realize that I'm threatening you?”
“Threatening me?” The amused look in Shawn's eyes intensified. “I don't think you're capable enough to threaten me with your current status.”
Aubree gritted her teeth. “If you refuse to help me, I'll make a police report! You'll be sent to jail for what you did to me that night!”
The lighthearted smirk that had been on Shawn's face moments earlier had vanished. His voice was low and menacing as he spoke. “If | was scared of the consequences, | wouldn't have done what | did that night. Do you have anything to back up your claims? Anything that could possibly be used against me?”
Aubree's lashes trembled imperceptibly when she heard that. Evidence? | was planning on using him, so | didn't leave any traces behind.
Seeing her reaction, Shawn continued, “If you have nothing, I'd advise you to behave yourself. My interest in you was not due to any romantic inclination, but because of your prior relationship with Lucian. Had it not been for this connection, | doubt | would have found you particularly attractive.”
He held her chin with such force that her face contorted in pain. “If you want my help, you will ask me politely. Don't give me any attitude, or you will regret coming here tonight.”
With that, Shawn tossed her aside in disgust.
Frieda's heart sank when she saw his attitude doing one-eighty. She glanced at Aubree before suggesting tentatively, “Aubree, perhaps you should talk to him while | go and check on the status of the situation.”
Without waiting for a reply, she rushed out hastily, afraid of inviting unwanted trouble. The butler entered his room at the same time. Aubree and Shawn were the only ones left in the living room.
Aubree was sprawled on the ground, looking wretched as Shawn towered above her and looked at her as if she was nothing but a worthless piece of trash. “Will you speak nicely now?” he asked, his voice dripping with disdain.
Awhile later, Aubree struggled to her feet and hung her head low. She gritted her teeth and forced herself to speak softly. “I'm willing to do anything as long as you agree to help me.”
Shawn was filled with a sense of satisfaction as he watched the former influential socialite submit to him. “You were discarded by Lucian like a piece of trash, but even so, your body is acceptable...”
He sounded her out by inching nearer to her.
Aubree dug her nails into her palms fiercely. Her body tensed up when she heard him call her trash, and his insults stung her soul like a thousand tiny needles.
However, she reminded herself to stay put to achieve her goal.
Shawn was pleased to see the submissive side of her.
Nonchalantly, he asked, “Something serious must've happened for you to endure all my insults, Ms. Pearson. If you are unwilling to divulge the details to me, how can | be of help?”
As he stopped coming closer to her, Aubree allowed her grip to loosen and replied, “| suspect Lucian has called the police to arrest me because of that b*tch. Please help me by sending me out of the country!”
She bit the inside of her mouth and pretended to be weak by pleading, “I'm sorry for my attitude earlier. | promise I'll do whatever you say as long as | can escape the country safely!”
“That b*tch?” Shawn repeated the way she addressed Roxanne in amusement.
Aubree's eyes widened in surprise as she considered the possibility that he was working together with Roxanne. She was afraid that she might've provoked him.
Her heart sank to the pit of her stomach. 
###Chapter 1511
Chapter 1511
“As a matter of fact, | still don't know why Lucian called off your engagement,” Shawn stated his doubts as he fixed his gaze on her.
Hearing that, Aubree allowed herself to relax. Hope flashed across her eyes as she asked, “Is there nothing going on between you and Roxanne?”
Surprised, Shawn retorted, “Why would you think there's something going on between us?”
Aubree let out a deep breath of relief before unleashing her pent-up emotions and bitter resentment toward Roxanne. “If it wasn't for that b*tch, | would have been Mrs. Farwell by now! I'll never forgive her for what she did!”
Shawn noticed the change in her gaze and fell silent for a few moments. A strange smile played on his lips as he said, “I can help you.”
Aubree's heart skipped a beat as she met his gaze in delight. She might be wrong, but there seemed to be a calculative look in Shawn's eyes.
Shawn had grown weary of attempting to disguise his intentions. He declared frankly, “You can count on me to provide you with the means to depart this country, but you must listen to me once you have reached your destination. It may be somewhat challenging, so | can't guarantee you'll be able to comply.”
Aubree desperately wanted a way out of her current situation. When presented with an opportunity to escape, she was more than eager to make it happen. Without hesitation, she agreed, “Sure! I'm willing to do anything as long as you can help me!”
With that, they reached an agreement.
Shawn changed his tone and spoke amicably. “I will see to it that someone is able to safely transport you out of the country. | hope you won't let me down.”
“Thank you so much.” After Aubree got what she came here for, her eyes gleamed with a newfound feeling of determination and vengefulness.
Frieda had been hiding outside for some time, dreading the notion of confronting the two mad individuals who were in the mansion. Despite her trepidation, she was not brave enough to go off by herself and eventually made the difficult decision to enter the mansion.
“Aubree, how did it go?” she asked carefully after making her way inside. Aubree's expression gave away the results, and upon seeing it, she felt a sense of relief wash over her. “Why did you leave?” Aubree gave her an icy glare.
When | was in trouble, she escaped and abandoned me to face that lunatic alone. If | wasn't about to depart from the country, | would have given her a stern reprimand for her behavior.
Frieda noticed Aubree's displeasure and attempted to placate her with a smile. “I left to look into the situation,” she explained. “The Farwells have already made a police report, but I'm sure that with this gentleman's help, you won't have anything to worry about anymore.”
| can't believe the Farwells called the police!
Agrim look spread across Aubree's face when she heard that.
Why is Lucian so heartless? My family is in tatters, but he still won't stop! It's all the b*tch's fault. She must've told him something! Roxanne Jarvis, | must teach you a lesson when | return!
Her hatred was so intense that Frieda felt a chill go down her spine. “Aubree, you're going to leave soon, so it's best to let it go. Why—”
“Shut up! You know nothing,” Aubree interjected. “I'll be back! | won't let that b*tch off easily.”
Frieda opened her mouth in an attempt to convince Aubree to reconsider her decision, but before she had the chance to do so, Shawn came downstairs after relaying his orders to his subordinate.
He didn't even spare Frieda a glance as he looked straight at Aubree. “We have no time to spare. | have a subordinate waiting outside for you, Ms. Pearson. You can depart now.”
Without further delay, Aubree rose to her feet and strode out of the mansion.
Seeing that Aubree was prepared to leave, Frieda dared not stay behind and hastily followed her out the door. Outside, she watched as Aubree was ushered into a sleek, black car by a mysterious man wearing an equally dark outfit. Without a moment's hesitation, the driver started the car and quickly pulled away, leaving Frieda behind. 
###Chapter 1512
Chapter 1512
For the next two days, the police failed to make progress.
Farwell Group had mobilized all its forces but failed to locate Aubree in Herington.
Cayden arrived at Lucian's office with a dark expression. “Mr. Farwell.”
“Have you found Aubree?” Lucian's voice was icy cold when he mentioned Aubree's name.
Cayden felt a chill travel down his spine as he sensed the fury radiating from Lucian. “We have yet to find her whereabouts, and the police haven't given us any updates.”
Inside the study, the temperature dropped so low that it was almost subzero.
An ominous black thundercloud of temper settled over Lucian as he asked, “What about Samuel and Gina? Did Aubree contact them?”
Cayden replied carefully, “No. I've looked into it, and they stopped contacting Aubree after her photos were leaked.”
After observing Lucian's reaction, he mustered up the courage to express his suspicion. “I think Aubree has fled. She must have sensed something was wrong, as she hasn't spoken to Ophelia in days.”
Lucian had the same suspicion, too. He remained unfazed after hearing Cayden's words. The study fell silent in an instant. Anxiety crept up Cayden's heart, as he wasn't sure what to do.
Fortunately, Lucian soon broke the silence. “Continue to keep an eye on the Pearsons and the search for Aubree. If she has managed to escape, she'd better not come back. If she does, our men must be the first to discover her whereabouts.”
Cayden exhaled sharply and gave a curt nod. “Understood!” As Lucian was done relaying his orders, Cayden reported the remaining information to him and turned to leave.
The soft click of the door latch echoed through the study. Lucian slowly rose from his chair and made his way to the window where he stood in deep contemplation.
Aubree's whereabouts remain unknown. The fact that she is still missing is a cause of great concern. Roxanne and the children are in a precarious situation. | have considered assigning more bodyguards to ensure their safety, yet this still leaves me with lingering concerns. | wish more than anything that | could keep Roxanne close to me all the time, but unfortunately, she is a free spirit who cannot be controlled. | must figure out another way...
Right then, the shrill sound of the phone ringing on his desk startled him.
Lucian went over and realized it was a call from Jonathan. He answered it without hesitation.
“Lucian, how are things going? Have you found Aubree?” Jonathan was aware of the situation and had been keeping tabs on it.
Lucian's brows were knitted together as he replied in frustration, “No. | suspect she has escaped, but | told them to continue finding her.”
Jonathan was baffled. “Farwell Group and the police are working hard to find her. Even if she has wings, it is impossible for her to fly out of the country! Is she in some sort of shelter or an area full of homeless people?”
He was highly doubtful that Aubree would be able to manage an escape on her own, considering her family was no longer influential. The only feasible explanation for her disappearance was that she had managed to elude detection by hiding away like a small rodent.
“My men did a thorough search all over Herington in all the possible places,” Lucian revealed darkly. Jonathan's mood grew heavy. “That woman is unusually persistent. Remind Roxanne to be careful. I'll also join in the search.”
Lucian wasn't in the mood to continue their conversation, so he agreed and ended the call. 
###Chapter 1513
Chapter 1513
Jonathan's expression darkened after the call ended. He strode out of the room and stopped outside Frieda’s door. Ever since Aubree left, Frieda had been cooping up in her room due to her guilty conscience.
When she heard someone knocking on the door, she was so nervous that she nearly fell out of her bed.
“Frieda, it's me. Open the door.” Jonathan spoke in a firm tone that left no room for negotiation.
However, Frieda did not have the guts to face him. Faking a weak voice, she answered, “I'm not feeling well. Can we talk another time...”
“If you don't open the door now, I'll get the key and open it myself.” Jonathan was adamant about speaking to his sister right then.
Frieda had no choice but to get up and open the door. “Jonathan, what's so urgent that you have to talk to me immediately?”
Looking at the woman with a scrutinizing gaze, Jonathan said, “Two million five hundred thousand was found missing from the company's accounts during the time you were there. What did you spend the money on?”
Initially, he had assumed that his sister had used the money to buy luxury products. Since it wasn't a huge sum of money, he had turned a blind eye to it.
However, Jonathan could not help but feel uneasy when he thought about Frieda's abnormal behavior over the past few days, considering everything that had happened.
Frieda's heart skipped a beat after she heard her brother's question. She lowered her head in a fluster in an attempt to mask her feelings of guilt.
“That money... Um... | used it to buy a bag.”
Knowing Frieda extremely well, Jonathan noticed something amiss about her at once. At that moment, his heart sank. “Bag? Where's the bag?”
Frieda's voice grew increasingly soft as she replied, “It's a preorder and will take some time to arrive.”
“Show me the receipt, then. You should have it, right?” Jonathan pressed further.
Frieda remained silent after hearing that.
As she had lied about buying the bag, there was no way she could produce a receipt.
“Did you give that money to Aubree?” Jonathan exposed his sister without beating around the bush.
Ashiver ran down Frieda’s spine before she replied, “| gave Aubree some money out of pity. | can't bear to see her in such a miserable state. After all, our families used to be quite close. I—”
Before the woman could finish her sentence, she was interrupted by Jonathan, who was simmering with anger. “How many times. have | told you not to contact her anymore? Not only did you not listen to me, but you even gave her our family's money!”
Jonathan was so enraged that Frieda felt overwhelmed by the intense pressure he was emitting. She looked at the ground at once, avoiding her brother's eyes that were blazing with fury.
Suddenly, Jonathan extended his arm and pushed her into the room before slamming the door shut.
Awave of fear washed over Frieda as the thunderous sound echoed in the air.
“Tell me honestly! Are you involved in Aubree's disappearance?” Jonathan asked in a low voice.
Judging by the look in his eyes, he was almost certain that his sister had played a part in it.
Frieda gritted her teeth in terror. Trying her best not to expose herself, she took a deep breath and replied, “I don't know what you're talking about. | did give her some money, but it was long before she disappeared.”
Jonathan narrowed his eyes. “Long before she disappeared? | don't remember sharing with you the time of her disappearance.”
Frieda lifted her head abruptly, her eyes filled with panic. Even so, she bit the bullet and shook her head while saying, “I don't know. | don't know anything...”
“Where is she now? Has she really escaped?”
Taking a pause, Jonathan softened his tone and continued, “If you know where she is, you need to tell me now. If she has already fled Herington, we will have to keep an eye on all major routes into the city and make sure that she never comes back. If she returns, we can arrest her immediately. That way, you will no longer have to contact her, and | can stop worrying about the Queen family being implicated by her.” 
###Chapter 1514
Chapter 1514
We can make sure that she never comes back, and if she returns, we can arrest her immediately.
That sounded rather tempting to Frieda.
If that were the case, she would finally be able to escape the clutches of Aubree.
Frieda's expression changed visibly.
Jonathan could tell that she was wavering. He seized the opportunity and asked again, “Has she already fled Horington?” Frieda lowered her head and nodded in silence.
When Jonathan saw that, a trace of anger flashed across his face, but he quickly suppressed the rage rising in him.
“Given Aubree's capabilities, there was no way she could have escaped under the surveillance of both the Farwell family and the police. Even with your help, it was still an impossible feat. How exactly did she manage to do it?”
Frieda hesitated for a second before answering with a pleading look in her eyes, “Jonathan, if | tell you, can you promise me not to tell anyone else?”
Jonathan remained unmoved as he fixed his gaze on his sister.
“Lucian can't know that | didn't inform him that Aubree ran away. He's not going to let me off! Who knows, maybe our entire family would also be affected...”
Panic was written all over Frieda's face as she tugged at Jonathan's sleeves.
Jonathan's gaze softened when Frieda expressed worry about their family's situation. However, instead of giving her a direct answer, he merely said, “So tell me, how did she manage to escape?”
Frieda took her brother's silence as his tacit agreement and said softly, “She had help from a man. If I'm not wrong, he's the one who was with her at the hotel that day. He seems to be a rather powerful person. He sent Aubree out of Horington on the night of the incident.”
Jonathan could feel anger flooding his veins, but he managed to keep a poker face when Frieda looked toward him. “That's all | know. | have nothing else to tell you even if you continue asking me,” the woman said. Jonathan furrowed his brows and asked, “When is she coming back?”
Frieda shook her head. “I have no idea. | left the room when both of them were talking. When | returned, Aubree was already getting into the car and leaving.”
After saying that, she asked Jonathan hopefully, “Didn't you say that you will prevent her from returning?”
When Jonathan was sure that his sister had told him everything she knew, he finally unleashed the fury he had been suppressing all this while.
“Are you finally worried that she might come back? You should have taken my words seriously in the first place!”
Frieda's eyes brimmed with grievance and nervousness when she saw the sudden change in her brother's attitude.
“Why did you help her? Were you involved in all those things that she had done previously?” Jonathan asked sternly, suddenly recalling some things.
Frieda let go of his sleeves guiltily. Learning her lesson, she decided not to tell him anything else. “No. That's really all. | had no idea what she wanted me to help her with when she came to see me. | didn't expect...”
She sounded as if Aubree had also deceived her. Jonathan eyed his sister suspiciously for some time while she kept her head bowed.
“Make sure this stays between us. Don't you dare ask Grandpa or Mom and Dad for help. | don't want them to collapse from anger!” After an extended silence, Jonathan continued coldly, “It's best for you to stay at home during this period. You're not allowed to step out of the house without my permission!”
Without giving Frieda a chance to reply, Jonathan turned around and strode out of the room after saying that. “Keep an eye on her. Don't let her leave the house without my permission!”
Even with the door slammed shut, Frieda could hear her brother speaking to the housekeeper. She felt as if a pail of ice-cold water had been dumped on her. 
###Chapter 1515
Chapter 1515
After much contemplation, Jonathan still thought he had to talk to Lucian face-to-face after learning the truth.
Otherwise, the Queen family might meet the same fate as the Pearson family if the Farwells learned about it from Aubree. Jonathan quickly called Lucian and invited him for drinks.
Lucian, who had no place to vent his anger for the past two days, agreed without hesitation.
The two of them agreed to meet at the club they often went to.
When Lucian arrived, Jonathan had already ordered the drinks and was drinking by himself in the private room. He looked pretty angry too.
“What's wrong? Did something happen to the Queen family again?”
Lucian took a seat next to him and poured himself a drink.
Jonathan was thinking of how to tell Lucian the truth. His mind was a mess. Only when he heard Lucian's voice did he return to his senses and stop drinking.
After a while, he decided to finish the drink in his hand before he smiled bitterly and said, “Lucian, didn't you say that you suspect Aubree ran away? Well, now | can certainly tell you that it's true. She indeed ran away.”
Lucian stopped drinking when he heard that and turned to look at Jonathan. “What did you say?” Helplessness was written all over Jonathan's face as he replied, “If it's possible, |, too, wish that | didn't know about it, but...”
The two of them grew up together. Even if Jonathan did not finish his sentence, Lucian could already guess what Jonathan was going to say.
If the Farwell family could not find out the truth, it was even more impossible for Jonathan to find out about it. The only possibility was that the person who knew the truth was beside him. Frieda!
Acold glint flashed across Lucian's eyes when he thought of Frieda. However, he was still considerate of his friend and did not express his displeasure.
Jonathan had helped Lucian and Roxanne a lot with their relationship. He believed Jonathan would keep watch over Frieda.
Lucian was willing to be considerate of Jonathan. As long as the latter chose not to say anything, Lucian would pretend not to know.
“Who sent her away?” Lucian changed the topic as he refilled their glasses.
Jonathan raised his glass gratefully. He sounded doubtful as he answered, “I know that the person was the man Aubree met during the hotel's opening. The next morning, that man had also taken inappropriate photos of Aubree. | have no idea why he would help her.”
Lucian scrunched up his eyebrows, and his expression turned grim. “What exactly are that man's intentions? He first put Aubree in the spotlight, but now he's helping her by doing this. And he's able to avoid getting caught by the Farwell family and the police...”
This person is dangerous the more | think about it. | must quickly find him!
Jonathan also had the same thought. “I also want to know Aubree's whereabouts. We'll find her as long as we find that man. I'm somewhat related to this matter. | can't sit by and do nothing.”
Lucian slightly nodded before taking a sip of his drink and said, “It's not a bad thing if Aubree did leave Herington. Since she dared to leave, she should never think of returning. | won't let her get another chance at harming them!”
Jonathan was fully aware of who Lucian referred to as “them.”
When Jonathan thought of how his sister had been hanging out with Aubree, he said apologetically, “I'm sorry. If | had found out about it sooner—”
“It has nothing to do with you. If Aubree doesn't return, we'll just let this matter go. However, if she dares to return, we'll just wait for the truth to be revealed.”
While he did promise that he would be considerate of Jonathan, his patience was limited.
Jonathan sighed inwardly and did not say anything else. 
###Chapter 1516
Chapter 1516
Roxanne had wanted to personally send and pick up the three children to and from the kindergarten. She thought she would be more relieved if she did that.
However, she did not expect to be so busy on the first night and ended up asking Linda to pick them up in her stead. Half an hour later, she received a call from Archie.
Roxanne thought Linda had not arrived, so she quickly answered the phone.
Roxanne could hear Archie's wary tone from the other end of the call. “Mommy, can we go home with Ms. Linda?”
Roxanne was momentarily stunned when she heard that. However, she quickly returned to her senses and remembered that she had told them not to follow anyone else home.
She did not expect the children to be that vigilant.
“Yes, you can. | was the one who asked Ms. Linda to pick you up. You should head home first,” she replied softly.
Archie agreed in a childish voice and hung up.
Roxanne placed her phone aside and felt guilt well up in her heart.
Something big has happened, and Aubree's whereabouts are still unknown. | should've stayed home and taken care of them. However, the research for the new medication was an urgent matter. She had no time to lose.
She pondered over it before dialing Lucian's number.
The call connected quickly. “Roxanne, what's wrong?”
Roxanne lowered her head and asked, “Can | ask you for a favor? Can you please take care of the children for a few days?” Lucian is their father. It makes sense for him to take care of the children if I'm busy. Plus, only Lucian can ensure their safety.
Surprise flashed across Lucian's face. His lips curved upward into a smile as he replied, “Of course. I'm happy that you can trust
me. Roxanne was moved when she heard him agree to it so quickly. “Sorry to trouble you.” Lucian asked, “Where are they right now? Have they gone home?”
Roxanne checked the time before replying, “I asked Linda to pick them up. They should be home by now. If it's convenient for you, can you please take them to the manor?”
Roxanne felt bad if Lucian had to travel to and fro between her home and the manor daily.
Lucian did not answer her directly. “I got it. I'll head over right now. You should come back soon. Don't overwork yourself.” Roxanne glanced at the progress of her experiment and gave a response guiltily.
She hung up and quickly continued the experiment.
After hanging up, Lucian finished his work and prepared to leave Farwell Group.
When he exited his office, he met Cayden, who was waiting for the elevator.
“Mr. Farwell,” Cayden greeted respectfully.
Lucian nodded in response, asking, “Which restaurant did you often buy food for me from?” Cayden was caught off guard by Lucian's question.
He did not even realize that the elevator had arrived. Only when Lucian entered the elevator did he return to his senses and follow behind Lucian. “Mr. Farwell, if you want their food, I'll call them immediately to send it to the manor.”
Lucian frowned and ordered, “Have them send the food to Durwest Garden. Also, send me the address to the restaurant.” Cayden nodded. Mr. Farwell must be bringing food to visit Mrs. Farwell.
He tactfully confirmed Lucian's order with him before calling the restaurant. He then sent the restaurant's address to Lucian. The elevator stopped at the ground floor.
After they exited the elevator, Cayden asked, “Mr. Farwell, do you want me to send you there?”
With a wave of his hand, Lucian rejected Cayden's offer and headed outside. 
###Chapter 1517
Chapter 1517
Chapter 1517 It was past eight in the evening when Roxanne arrived home.
When she entered, she saw the three children sitting on the couch, tuning to the financial news channel. Lucian was sitting cross- legged beside them.
The four of them were focused on the television. "You're back?”
Lucian was the first to get up when he heard the sound at the door. “There's food on the table. | just heated it. You should change and come down for dinner.”
Only then did the three children shift their focus and run toward her with round bellies. “Mommy, the food that Daddy ordered is delicious!”
Roxanne looked amused when she saw how full they were from eating before she shifted her gaze to the CEO before her who seemed to be asking for credit.
"What did you—” “| didn't want to make you worry. You should know | can take good care of them.”
Roxanne was taken aback. She looked at how serious Lucian was and felt her heart skip a beat. “I know. That's why | asked you to look after them.”
The three children stared at their parents and slowly backed away in understanding to minimize their presence.
Roxanne noticed the change in the atmosphere and quickly regained her composure. She lowered her head and walked past Lucian.
Lucian did not stop her either.
Roxanne was tired after having dinner. She suggested Lucian take the children home with him. “It's getting late. You should bring them to the manor.”
Hearing that, the three children stared at them in confusion.
Roxanne patiently explained to Archie and Benny, “I'm quite busy these days, and I'm afraid | won't be able to take good care of you. How about the two of you stay at Essie's place for some time?”
“No! We want to be with you, Mommy!” Archie was the first to reject the idea. Determination was written all over his face. “We want to protect you!”
Roxanne was moved when she heard that. She smiled and reached over to ruffle his hair.
“| have bodyguards by my side. Plus, I'm an adult. | can take care of myself. I'll be distracted and worried if the three of you are here. You don't want me to be exhausted either, right?”
With how she worded it, the children had no choice but to agree despite their unwillingness. Lucian helped the three children get into the car before he turned to look at Roxanne. “Will you be fine on your own?”
Roxanne smiled. “Don't | still have the bodyguards you assigned for me? Plus, Aubree won't appear for the next few days. | don't think it'll be dangerous.”
“There are a lot of guest rooms at the manor,” Lucian hinted. Naturally, Roxanne could understand what he meant. However, she still had some concerns, so she shook her head and replied, “It's fine. It's closer to the research institute from here.”
After saying that, she abruptly changed the topic, afraid Lucian might try to persuade her again. “It's getting late. The children still need to go to kindergarten tomorrow. You should hurry and bring them home.”
Lucian knew it was impossible to persuade her, so he kept quiet.
After all, the children would be going home with him. He would find other ways to make her agree. With that thought in mind, he reminded her to rest early before getting into the car.
“Bye, Mommy.” The children wound down the window and said goodbye to Roxanne reluctantly. Roxanne smiled and waved goodbye as she watched them leave.
After driving for a while, Lucian looked at the three children through the rearview mirror and asked, “Do you want Mommy to come with us?”
The children's eyes lit up, and they nodded fervently.
“| want that too, but that'll have to depend on your performance.” Lucian raised his eyebrows in satisfaction. 
###Chapter 1518
Chapter 1518
The three children stayed at the Farwell residence for the next few days.
Lucian used that as an excuse to video call Roxanne every night. He would report to her about how the children were doing and also expressed his concern for her health.
The children were obedient every time they appeared on the screen.
It was already the weekend. It had been four whole days since the children had last met Roxanne, and they were throwing tantrums about wanting to see her.
Lucian had an idea.
It was noon. Catalina was about to prepare lunch when she saw Lucian and the children preparing to go out. She said, “Mr. Farwell, are you going out to meet Mrs. Farwell? Why don't you wait for me to finish preparing lunch so you can bring some for her? Isn't she busy these days? Please remind her not to overwork herself.”
Before Lucian could speak, the children had already run toward the kitchen.
“Ms. Catalina, we'll help you!”
With that, they each took a stool and stood beside Catalina.
Asmile appeared on Catalina's lips when she saw the three adorable children. “Okay. I'll teach you.”
The four of them started to prepare lunch in the kitchen.
Lucian watched them for a while and felt his heart skip a beat. He could not help but go to the kitchen and join in. “Mr. Farwell?”
Catalina was filled with surprise when she saw Lucian walk into the kitchen.
However, she quickly understood that he was doing it for Roxanne and grinned as she guided them to prepare lunch. The lunch preparation was chaotic, but the final product was considered acceptable with Catalina’s help.
Catalina helped them pack the food. She then watched them leave with lunch boxes in their hands as she smiled from ear to ear. It was lunchtime when the four of them arrived at the research institute.
The children stared at Lucian with wide eyes as he gave Roxanne a call.
Not long after, Roxanne appeared at the entrance of the research institute and made her way toward them.
“Why did you change cars?” Roxanne asked casually when she got in the car and noticed its spacious space.
As soon as she said that, the children mysteriously took out a bag. Lucian pressed a button, and soon, a divider fell onto the seat in front of them.
Roxanne was confused.
“Tadah! Mommy, we prepared you lunch!”
Benny struggled to put the bag on the divider. His eyes sparkled in anticipation as he stared at Roxanne.
Roxanne was filled with surprise when she heard what Benny said. She could not help but turn to look at the person beside her.
I've already seen how he washes dishes, but it's hard to imagine him cooking in the kitchen.
Lucian had been so clumsy when making a cake the last time, much less cook. Lucian sensed her gaze and turned to look out the window calmly.
Roxanne thought it was funny, but she was also excited to know what food they had prepared. She reached over to open the bag and took out the lunchboxes one by one.
Lucian turned around and looked at the opened lunchboxes. A glint of disgust flashed across his eyes. “Forget it. | should bring you all to a restaurant instead.”
He had always thought he could achieve anything.
However, when faced with the food in front of him, he had to admit that he had zero talent for cooking. With that, he got ready to start the car.
However, a smile appeared on Roxanne's lips. Surprise was written on her face as she said, “You guys made all these? You're awesome!”
Lucian stopped his actions and narrowed his eyes as he stared at her when he heard her say that.
“You don't need to force yourself. These dishes don't look appetizing. You can try my cooking again when I've made. improvements. It's better if you don't eat it. You're tired these days. We should go and eat something good.” 
###Chapter 1519
Chapter 1519
Roxanne glanced at the children.
They instantly understood her intention and secretly glanced at the food Lucian had prepared.
“It's fine. | think you all did quite well. There's a well-balanced amount of vegetables and meat, especially the chicken salad. I've been craving something crisp and refreshing for days!”
With that, Roxanne picked up her fork to taste the chicken salad. She scrunched her eyebrows at the sourness.
Lucian noticed her response and tasted the chicken salad himself. He immediately frowned and said, “I put too much vinegar.”
As soon as he said that, he reached over again to start the engine.
Roxanne quickly stopped him by grabbing his arm. “No, it's fine. I've been wanting to eat something sour for the past few days. It tastes just right for me.”
She then put on an act and asked the children, “Did you guys make this? My babies are so precious. You could even guess my cravings.”
The children were amused by Roxanne and wanted to laugh but had to hold it in. “It was Daddy!”
Roxanne pretended to be surprised as she looked at Lucian.
Naturally, Lucian could tell that they were acting. Displeased, he said, “Didn't | tell you not to force yourself? If it's not good, then it's not good.”
Roxanne helplessly stopped her act and breathed, “Although it can't be considered delicious, it's not that bad either. Besides, it's the thought that counts. The food will taste delicious no matter what. If | was the one who made all this food and sent it to you personally, would you not have eaten it?”
Her words rendered him speechless.
Roxanne placed a fork in his hand before putting some food on the children's plates.
“Mm! Benny, the food you made is too salty!”
“Essie's food is too spicy!”
Benny and Estella ate a few mouthfuls of food and began complaining about each other. In the end, they came to a conclusion. “Archie's food is the best! Daddy's chicken salad too!”
Lucian's chicken salad had been chosen as one of the two foods that were edible.
Roxanne's lips curved upward into a smile as she watched the children arguing playfully.
Lucian finally accepted the food on the table. When he heard what the children said, he placed some stir-fried potatoes on Roxanne's plate.
Archie had not eaten much of it, yet half of the stir-fried potatoes were gone.
The children could not protest when they saw their father playing favoritism so openly. They had no choice but to silently eat the sour chicken salad.
Roxanne thought it was funny to see Lucian bully the three children.
“Just eat some of these today. I'll do my best to improve my cooking next time,” Lucian said in a deep voice.
Roxanne did not think today's meal was a waste, but she still smiled and nodded when she heard what he said.
It was almost time for Roxanne to return to the research institute after they finished lunch.
Roxanne accompanied them a little longer, but in the end, she still had to return to continue her experiment.
“I'm working overtime this afternoon. You guys should go back first.”
She opened the door and got out of the car.
Just as she closed the door, she heard the sound of the door opening and closing. She turned around and saw Lucian walking toward her.
“What's wrong?” she asked in confusion.
Lucian frowned as he looked at her. “How long more will you be busy?”
Roxanne had been working overtime continuously for more than half a month. Lucian was afraid she might exhaust herself.
Roxanne knew he was worried about her. She smiled and comforted him, “There are some leads in the experiment now. It'll be over soon. Don't worry. | can take care of myself.”
Lucian's expression darkened as he looked at her much slimmer figure. The thought of wanting to acquire Damaris Group's pharmaceutical company arose once more in his mind. 
###Chapter 1520
Chapter 1520
Roxanne noticed his expression darkening and assumed it was because he did not enjoy the lunch earlier, so helplessly, she continued to reassure him.
“It made me very happy that you guys put a lot of effort into helping me prepare lunch. Thank you for that.”
However, as soon as her words fell, Lucian put his arms around her waist and kissed her on the lips.
His actions promptly took Roxanne aback, and she instinctively glanced at the car just in time to see the heads of the three children poking out of the window.
“Mommy! We want a kiss too!”
The children's initial guilty expression changed after she noticed them, and they happily swung open the car door and got out.
Roxanne glanced at the calm-looking man in front of her before focusing on the children's expectant expressions. She crouched down and kissed each child individually, the shyness within her vanished because of them.
The children also obediently encircled her neck with their arms and kissed her on the cheek. “Don't forget to take good care of yourself, Mommy!”
Roxanne assented with a smile. After getting up and bidding farewell to Lucian, she turned and entered the research institute.
Although working overtime for two days did leave her feeling a little exhausted, seeing Lucian and the kids earlier had filled her with motivation once more.
Roxanne soon began to continue the morning's research.
However, shortly after she had been working, her phone vibrated.
She glanced at it and discovered that it was a call from Jack.
Roxanne put her experiment on hold to take the call, assuming he was calling for research-related matters.
Jack's voice rang out from the other end of the line. “My apologies, Ms. Jarvis. I've been caught up in other matters for the past two days. Are you very busy there?”
She smiled understandingly at his words. “You need not apologize to me, Mr. Damaris. Given that your family owns such a sizable business, it's understandable for you to be a little busy. I'm managing well with the research over here.”
However, Jack still felt apologetic. “| happened to be free today, so if you don't mind, | can come to the research institute to help you.”
Roxanne hesitated when she heard that.
“I'm sure you know that the Damaris family is knowledgeable in this aspect. | can spare you some detours and perhaps also offer some suggestions for improvement,” he added persuasively.
She naturally hoped that she could develop a new drug with superior efficacy, so she had no reason to refuse after hearing what he said.
“In that case, I'll have to trouble you to come over, then.”
Jack merely chuckled before ending the call.
Unbeknownst to Roxanne, Jack had arrived at the research institute a scant step behind Lucian and the children, nearly at the same time.
He had been waiting by the roadside for as long as she had been in Lucian's car and had even witnessed their kiss at the end.
Seeing how close their family was made his blood boil.
Although Roxanne had not initiated the kiss, he could tell by the smile on her face that she had already accepted Lucian's affections.
| cannot accept that! Roxanne is my perfect partner. She must be mine! If | allow her to be together with Lucian, all my previous efforts will be in vain!
Jack's expression darkened with malice at that thought.
After getting out of the car, he adjusted his expression before entering the research institute.
Hence, he was once again sporting an apologetic look by the time he saw Roxanne. “You've lost weight. It looks like you've been too busy of late.”
The latter took a quick moment to glance down at herself. Then, with a nonchalant smile, she led him to the entrance of another laboratory.
“After what happened last time, I've redesigned the research facility and divided it into laboratories of varying sizes. I'm working in a compact one-person laboratory. If you don't mind, yours will be next to mine. That'll make it easier for us to communicate.” 
###Chapter 1521
Chapter 1521
The two were busy until eight at night.
After exiting the laboratory, Jack checked the time and suggested, “It's late now. Let's have a meal together. We haven't seen each other in a while.”
However, Roxanne declined apologetically as she was a little worn out, “Let's do that some other day. I'm too tired today.”
“I'll send you back, then,” he persisted.
At his words, she could not help but recall her previous speculation and felt a bit concerned. “I appreciate your offer, Mr. Damaris, but | drove here. I'll have problems getting to work tomorrow if you send me back, so it's best not to.”
After saying that, she continued without giving him a chance to reply, “It's indeed a little late. Let's head out early.” Jack frowned in displeasure when he saw her turning on her heels and followed her to the entrance of the research institute. Just as Roxanne was about to get in her car, he suddenly spoke. “Oh, by the way, if you have time tomorrow afternoon, come to
Damaris Group. We haven't talked much about the profit distribution of the new drug. Now that the research has taken shape, it's time to put this issue on the agenda.”
She naturally would not refuse his invitation, so she promptly nodded. “All right. I'll go there on time.”
After bidding each other a simple farewell, they got in their respective cars.
Jack's scowl deepened as he watched her drive off slowly.
It's crystal clear how different her attitude is toward Lucian and me. She's wary of me. Lucian must've said something to her! There's no guarantee that she won't completely distance herself from me because of him at a later date. If that happens, we
won't have the chance to cooperate again!
As that thought crossed his mind, he glanced maliciously at a box of customized sandalwood incense lying beside him. His mouth formed a sneer as he inhaled the distinct fragrance.
Even if Lucian's words are useful, so what? I've long made my move! Roxanne will never be able to get away from me!
On the way home, Roxanne contemplated Jack's behavior during this period of time. She had always thought it was a little odd, but she could not quite put her finger on it.
Even when her car had stopped in front of the mansion, she still could not figure it out.
Roxanne got out of the car absentmindedly, and just as she locked the door, she noticed that the mansion was brightly li—even her room on the second level was still lit!
When she noticed that, she halted her footsteps abruptly, and a feeling of wariness swept over her.
She was sure she turned off the lights when she left.
Moreover, the children are at Lucian's, so there shouldn't be anyone at home. Even if he brought them back, no one would enter my room!
As Aubree's face appeared in her mind, she instinctively took out her phone, intending to call Lucian.
However, before she could do anything, the door to the mansion suddenly opened.
Archie poked his head out from behind the door.
Only after spotting her did he feel assured to open the door wide. “Why are you not coming in, Mommy.”
Roxanne finally felt relieved and looked at the little boy helplessly. “Why are you all back?” she inquired.
Archie's eyes flitted around as he replied in his cute voice, “Daddy won't let us tell. You'll know when you come in and take a look.”
She was perplexed by his enigmatic response, and as soon as she entered the house, she noticed the small boxes in the living room.
Benny and Estella were busy packing toys into the boxes. 
###Chapter 1522
Chapter 1522
“Mommy!”
Despite the children greeting her enthusiastically when they saw her coming in, they did not run up to welcome her like they usually did, as they were busy organizing their toys.
Roxanne was even more puzzled. “What are you guys doing? If the manor doesn't have enough toys, | can buy more for you. There's no need to take so much trouble to move them around.”
Benny shook his head solemnly. “That's not it. It's because we won't be bringing these items back here again since we're moving in with Daddy.”
Moving in with Lucian? What does that mean? Don't they already live with him? Why would they need to move their things again?
Roxanne could not help feeling uneasy and stood there at a loss.
| thought it was because the children had found out about their identities and wanted to...
“Daddy is packing up your things upstairs. Go up and have a look!” Benny urged her again.
She abruptly came back to her senses, and shock flashed across her eyes. “What?”
“Don't you want to live with us, Mommy?”
Estella stopped what she was doing and turned to face her mother with a pitiful yet hopeful gaze. “I want to live with you and Daddy. Please move there with us!”
Meeting the little girl's pitiful look, Roxanne could not bring herself to say no, so she could only go upstairs to find Lucian.
“You guys...”
She sighed internally before continuing, “Pack up your toys first. I'll go upstairs and have a look.”
The children obediently agreed and continued to pack.
Meanwhile, Roxanne turned around and went upstairs with mixed feelings.
It's a huge deal to get me to move in with him; yet, he didn't even say anything to me and simply brought the kids over to move stuff. This is too much.
The door of her bedroom was open, and at a glance, she could see Lucian packing inside.
His movements were unexpectedly orderly.
However, her face instantly turned red when she saw what was in his hand. She swiftly entered and snatched her undergarment from him.
“Roxanne? You're back.”
Lucian seemed to have just noticed her existence, though his expression remained calm as if the person holding her undergarment just now was not him.
While blushing and frowning, Roxanne put her undergarment aside and asked in embarrassment, “What are you doing?”
Lucian looked at her, then looked at the luggage that he had almost done packing. “The children miss you a lot, so | figured I might as well move you over to live with us. That way, | can be at ease too,” he said frankly.
Roxanne continued frowning. “I wasn't asking you this.”
“I'm sorry.” Lucian changed his tune smoothly, “I told the children to pack their things without your approval.”
Even though he said that, his face clearly showed no sign that he had realized his mistake, but at least he did apologize for it.
Seeing that, Roxanne had no choice but to accept the reality. She had no idea when it started, but her tolerance for Lucian was lowering infinitely.
Even though he did that, she was not very angry. She merely felt helpless. “I told you that | can take care of myself. Besides, with our current relationship, I'm afraid it's not wise for me to live in the manor.”
Lucian frowned. “Why not?”
Roxanne explained, “The online discussion has finally just settled down—”
Before she could finish speaking, Lucian gave her a peck on her lips.
“I'll take care of it. No one would dare to spew nonsense.” 
###Chapter 1523
Chapter 1523
Roxanne frowned, evidently still unconvinced that was a good idea. “I'm not prepared for this...”
Lucian pulled her into his embrace, so they were in close proximity to one another. “You don't have to prepare anything. I'll take good care of you and the children.”
With that, he sealed her lips with his to prevent her from refusing him.
After a long while, Roxanne, whose eyes were watery, finally struggled free from his arms when she felt she was on the verge of suffocation.
“| don't know what you have in mind, but | still think that...”
Lucian's gaze darkened. A hint of displeasure surged within him as he sensed she was still concerning herself with that. Nonetheless, he did not let his emotions show and kept a solemn facial expression.
“| don't want to make things difficult for you either, but the kids have been yearning to meet you even in their dreams. Aubree hasn't been caught, so | can never feel safe if you live here alone.”
Lucian casually lied to Roxanne as she had not been informed of Aubree's escape. She wavered when she heard him mentioning the children. The kids miss me. Well, | long to see them too. But... Judging by what Sonya thinks of us, she must already be highly dissatisfied with letting the children stay there. If | also move there, I'm
afraid she will immediately chase us out.
At that thought, Roxanne took two steps backward and shook her head bitterly. “We should just forget it. Or else we'll let the children stay with me. I'll spare as much time as possible to care for them.”
“| know what you're worried about.” He stared intently at her. “Since I've decided to let you stay there, I'll never let you and the kids suffer any grievances. | just need you to have faith in me.”
Roxanne's eyes glinted. Looking at the man before her, she couldn't help but be reminded of how Sonya regarded her whenever their eyes met.
The displeasure in Sonya’s eyes was apparent when she saw Roxanne at the manor the other day.
Nevertheless, Lucian had indeed stood up for her.
Roxanne was touched as she recalled his gesture.
He grabbed her arm and asked in an undertone, “Are you willing to believe in me?”
The doubt in her eyes gradually dissipated as the grin on her face widened. “We'll do as you say.” This day will come sooner or later. Perhaps only by moving into the Farwell residence and interacting further with Sonya can | change her perception toward the kids and me.
Taking in the trusting look on her face, Lucian couldn't stop himself from gently kissing her eyes.
She felt a little uneasy at the thought that they were about to start living together. Thus, she pushed him away and pulled away while forcing herself to stay calm. “It's getting late. Let's hurry up and pack.”
He stopped himself as he could sense her nervousness.
Working together, the two finished packing her belongings soon.
When they went downstairs, they noticed the kids had also neatly packed their toys. However, the three children couldn't close the box despite mustering all their strengths because it was overly stuffed.
With their flushed faces, they stared at Lucian and Roxanne pleadingly when the couple descended the stairs.
Roxanne was about to step forward to help, but Lucian had already stridden forward and closed the box without much effort.
The three kids cheered and jovially propped up the box. Then, they moved toward the exit while clumsily pushing a large suitcase.
Roxanne felt elated, taking in their jolly demeanor.
Before she knew it, Lucian had walked up to her and helped her carry the suitcase in her hand. “Let's go.” 
###Chapter 1524
Chapter 1524
Meanwhile, at the Farwell residence, Catalina gazed at the two people seated on the couch with a troubled look.
Sonya questioned furiously, “Where's Lucian? | heard he allowed the two b*stards to stay in the manor. Is that true?”
Sitting at one side, Elias rubbed his temples. “Regardless of how dissatisfied you may be toward them, they are ultimately still three outsiders. There isn't any reason for you to direct your anger at them. Deal with Lucian alone if you must. The children are innocent.”
Hearing his voice, Sonya managed to pull herself together. “If Roxanne hadn't seduced our son, why would he—”
“You're underestimating Lucian and giving Roxanne too much credit.” Elias didn't know what to do with Sonya.
Both of them were his loved ones, so he decided not to interfere in the dispute between his son and wife.
Sonya was reluctant to listen to his reasonings, so she instructed Catalina, “Prepare a guest room for us. We'll be staying here for the time being.”
Not daring to defy her, Catalina turned around and went upstairs to tidy the guest room while praying inwardly. | hope Ms. Jarvis won't face Sonya’s wrath when she returns.
After cleaning the guest room, Catalina reported to Sonya and Elias warily.
“Let's go up and rest,” Elias uttered in a deep voice.
Sonya was still fuming with anger. “I can't sleep. You can go upstairs first. | will wait for Lucian to come home and clarify things with him.”
Elias sighed upon hearing that. Still, he didn't insist and got up to head upstairs.
Sonya sat on the couch. She sipped on her coffee as her chest heaved vigorously in rage.
Lucian did not make it a point to cover things up when he took Archie and Benny in.
Consequently, that matter became widespread among the elite circle in the following days.
When Sonya heard of that information from an outsider, she hastened over to Lucian's living place angrily wanting to chase Archie and Benny back to where they came from.
She sat in the living room until eleven o'clock at night before finally hearing some movements outside the house.
Sonya immediately fixed her eyes on the door while her facial expression grew tense.
Then, she saw a few bodyguards carrying suitcases into the house.
Lucian, Roxanne, and the kids trailed behind at a fair pace.
Seeing that, Sonya trembled in a fury. “W-What's the meaning of this?”
She pointed at Roxanne and asked through gritted teeth, “Why are you here at our home so late into the night?”
Lucian didn't expect his mother would be there. He furrowed his brows and shielded Roxanne behind him. “I told Roxanne to come here. From today onward, they will be staying here in the manor.”
Roxanne stepped forward from behind him and politely greeted Sonya, “Pardon me for the intrusion, Mrs. Farwell.”
“Do not address me like that!” Sonya bellowed. “Stop what you're doing and send these suitcases back to where they came from!”
Upon hearing that, the bodyguards immediately turned to Lucian to seek the latter's permission.
Lucian gestured. “Go on.”
The bodyguards continued carrying out their tasks after that.
Sonya's face turned crimson from rage as she sensed the futility of her words. “Are you turning a deaf ear to my advice? How can you do something as significant as bringing them home without informing us? Do you still have any respect for me and your father?”
Lucian retorted, “Would you have agreed if | talked to you in advance?”
Sonya's answer was apparent from her silent grimace.
“Why should | make a fool of myself if | had already anticipated your disagreement?”
He uttered firmly, “If you wish for me to inform you of my decisions beforehand, | might as well clear things up now. Since | made up my mind to let them stay here, | will bear the responsibility of caring for them. I've already made the necessary preparations.
After Roxanne agrees to my marriage proposal, we will proceed with our wedding ceremony at once. | want to declare to everyone that she's my wife.” 
###Chapter 1525
Chapter 1525
Lucian had never brought up the wedding plan to her.
Roxanne was dumbfounded. She glanced at Lucian beside her, as she didn't quite know how to react.
Lucian suddenly grabbed her hand tightly.
Roxanne froze for a second before she lowered her head and squeezed his hand.
Sonya was already upset by her son's words, so seeing the couple's intertwined hands sent a wave of dizziness through her.
“Essie, come over to me.”
Since she couldn't convince her son, she turned her attention to Estella. “I'll bring you up to sleep.”
Estella shook her head and grabbed the corner of Roxanne's shirt. “I want to be with Mommy.”
Sonya took a deep breath as she tried to suppress her anger. “Do you not want Grandma and Grandpa anymore?”
Estella felt a little aggrieved upon hearing that. She observed Lucian's and Roxanne's expressions carefully before saying, “Can't | have it all? Mommy, Daddy, Grandpa, and Grandma.”
Everyone felt their hearts lurch when Estella's childish voice rang out.
Sonya's extended hand froze mid-air for a moment before she withdrew it. Knitting her eyebrows, she chose to keep silent.
Lucian stared at her intently. “Mom, you shouldn't say such words to Essie since you know her condition. Essie will always be your granddaughter, and we won't stop her from seeing you. Why do you have to force her like this?”
Knowing that she was at fault for the matter, Sonya cast a worried glance at Estella before snorting. “Since | can't persuade you on this matter, you can go and tell your father yourself.”
With that, she looked away and hurried up the stairs huffily.
Catalina walked out after Sonya left. She smiled at Roxanne. “Ms. Jarvis, you're finally back.”
Then, she turned to Lucian and stated, “Mr. Farwell, Mrs. Farwell said they are going to stay here for some time.”
Lucian nodded indifferently. “| understand. You should go and prepare a guest room for Roxanne.”
Catalina cast a troubled look at Lucian and Roxanne as she said, “We've recently done a thorough cleaning of the house, so all the mattresses in the guest rooms are at the dry cleaners. Mr. and Mrs. Farwell are using the only spare mattress now. How
about | go and buy one now?”
Roxanne was perplexed, realizing there were no available guest rooms. “You don't need to go out now since it's so late. Why don't | sleep with the children for the night?”
The three children said in unison, “Mommy, there's no space in Essie’s room anymore!”
Archie and Benny had been staying in Estella's room since they moved into the manor. They would sleep late every night since they spent a long time playing.
Roxanne was at a loss as to what to do. “Why don't | head back home first? I'll come back another day...”
Lucian immediately asked in his deep voice, “It's so late. How are you getting back home?”
Roxanne did not want to bother anyone. Lucian's voice rang out as she was about to say she was going back on her own.
“| don't feel at ease with you going back by yourself. Rather than making this so troublesome, why don't you stay in my room for the night?”
The truth was Roxanne was afraid he would say that.
She only agreed to move in to spend more time with Sonya and change the latter's opinion of her.
However, she didn't expect Sonya to be so peeved about her moving to the Farwell residence.
If Sonya found out Roxanne was staying in Lucian's room, she would be beyond furious.
Also, he had been wearing his heart on the sleeve these past few days. If they really stayed in the same room the whole night, Roxanne was afraid he might do something. 
###Chapter 1526
Chapter 1526
Chapter 1526 Getting Used To It Lucian suddenly leaned in to whisper in Roxanne’s ear, “I have a couch in my room. You can sleep on the bed, and | will sleep on the couch. You can relax now, right?”
His hot breath tickled Roxanne’s ear. Roxanne could feel her ears burning as she glanced at Catalina and the kids, who were standing at the side.
It's good that they didn’t seem to hear anything.
“Mommy, you haven’t made breakfast for us in a long time...”
Benny stared at her with a pitiful expression as he wanted her to stay desperately. Meanwhile, Estella clutched the corner of her shirt, not letting her leave.
Although Archie didn’t say anything, he looked at her longingly.
Roxanne’s heart ached as she looked at the kids. In the end, she agreed to stay.
After seeing that she had agreed to stay, Lucian immediately told the kids, “It’s getting late. Your mommy must be very tired, so we should let her rest soon. You guys should go to bed soon.”
With that, he pulled Roxanne up the stairs, leaving the kids with Catalina. Roxanne only managed to shoot the children a smile before she was dragged up the stairs.
Lucian’s bedroom was the same as six years ago, with his grey interior. It felt slightly dull and monotonous with all the grey furniture.
Roxanne stood at the entrance, feeling nervous suddenly.
“| instructed them to stick to the model interior design because | was too lazy to put in the effort during renovations. We can make changes gradually if you don’t like it.”
Lucian’s deep voice sounded beside her ears. Roxanne was moved upon hearing that. However, Lucian didn’t give her time to process her thoughts as he brought her into the room.
Lucian took a blanket from the bed and placed it on the couch the moment he entered the room like he was proving the words he said just now. He behaved like a gentleman.
Roxanne couldn't act too prudish now that he did that.
Moreover, she had slept in this room six years ago.
“I'll go to the study to do some work. You should rest early.”
Lucian knew it would still be too awkward for her, so he took the initiative to give her some space.
Roxanne shot him an appreciative grin. “Don’t stay up too late.”
Lucian nodded and left the room.
After resting for a while, Roxanne entered the bathroom.
She instantly noticed what Lucian had prepared in the bathroom. There were two sets of toiletries, and he even prepared feminine hygiene products for her.
Awave of emotion rippled through her heart when he thought of how Lucian must have felt when preparing them. After showering, she walked out of the bathroom to find a set of brand-new pajamas on the bed.
Lucian must have specially prepared this too.
It was an extremely soft grey silk nightgown, accentuating her fair-skinned complexion. Roxanne didn’t give much thought to it as she immediately changed into it and lay in bed.
She was exhausted from working overtime and moving house in one day.
Although she hadn't slept on this bed since six years ago, she could still fall asleep the moment her head touched the pillow. She was about to fall asleep when she heard the door slowly open.
Roxanne opened her eyes to see Lucian walking into the room.
His steps were light as he was trying not to wake her up.
“You're back,” Roxanne said instinctively. She was rather touched by his sweet gesture. 
###Chapter 1527
Chapter 1527
Chapter 1527 Agrees To Move In Lucian stopped in his tracks upon hearing Roxanne’s voice. He made a turn and walked toward the bed.
His gaze turned dark as he regarded the groggy woman with her exposed shoulders.
Roxanne mumbled blearily, “What's wrong? You should go and shower so that you can rest soon.”
Lucian’s breathing got heavier as he gazed at her innocent demeanor. However, he was trying his best to suppress his desire. If Roxanne was awake at this moment, she would definitely notice something was wrong and avoid such a situation deftly.
Nonetheless, not only did she not notice anything then, but she was also looking up at him without much thought, revealing her bare neck.
Not getting a reply from Lucian, Roxanne decided to snuggle back into her blanket. Suddenly, Lucian leaned down to plant a kiss on her face. Roxanne froze for a few seconds. Her drowsiness vanished instantly when she realized what he was doing.
He was already on his way to the bathroom when she turned to look at him, leaving her hanging. She was wide awake now, as any semblance of drowsiness had vanished after his kiss.
Compared to what Lucian had done to her these past few days, this kiss actually means nothing to her.
Nevertheless, it held significant meaning to her, probably because she was lying on the bed she had laid in six years ago. Roxanne was still wide awake when Lucian walked out of the bathroom.
She instinctively turned to look at him when she heard the door of the bathroom opening.
His hair was still dripping wet as he donned grey pajamas. They looked like they were wearing a set of couple pajamas. Upon realizing that, Roxanne’s face flushed crimson, and she naturally pulled up her blanket to hide her clothes. Seemingly sensing Roxanne’s movement, Lucian turned toward her.
Seeing that, Roxanne was stunned, but she tried to keep her composure and smiled at him.
“Are you still not sleeping yet?” Lucian’s gaze was gentle.
Roxanne nodded slightly, then she glanced away guiltily when she saw his exposed torso. “I can’t seem to sleep.” Lucian chuckled and asked her matter-of-factly, “Then, you can come and dry my hair for me.”
Acrease appeared between Roxanne’s brows. After a moment of hesitation, she pulled the blanket away and got up. Lucian already took the hair dryer and walked over to the bed.
Roxanne sat beside him and started drying his hair with the hair dryer.
Alook of surprise flashed across Roxanne’s eyes when Lucian’s hair felt cool to the touch.
It was a serene and soothing atmosphere since the two didn’t start a conversation with one another. There was only the sound of the hair dryer in the room.
“It's done.” After a while, Roxanne reached out to touch his hair to check whether it was dry. Lucian quickly grabbed ahold of it before she could do so, and his touch scorched her skin.
Roxanne instinctively tried to retract her hand. Her other hand naturally switched off the hair dryer. She stood rooted to the spot under Lucian’s penetrating gaze. Lucian stared intently at her, stating, “You could have rejected me if you wanted to just now.”
Roxanne furrowed her brows when she heard that. In reality, she had already predicted what would have happened if she agreed to stay in Lucian’s room.
However, she still agreed to stay in his room. 
###Chapter 1528
Chapter 1528
Chapter 1528 Wakes Up Late She could have also rejected Lucian’s request to help him dry his hair.
However, his tone was so natural, as if it was normal for her to do so.
We are sleeping in the same room. He prepared couple pajamas for us, and | dried his hair using the hair dryer... For some reason, Roxanne couldn't find any reason to reject him.
Lucian had prepared everything too perfectly.
With that, everything happened naturally without obstructions.
The next morning, Roxanne felt as though her body was on the verge of crumbling down.
She looked at the time and realized it was eight in the morning. It’s one hour later than the alarm that | set.
Roxanne endured the pain in her joints as she took out her phone to look at the alarm.
She noticed her alarm had already gone off. Lucian had obviously turned off the alarm for her while she was sleeping. Roxanne sat up on the bed. The aching pain in her waist made her scowl.
They had been too wild last night...
Catalina’s voice rang out from outside the room just as she was about to get out of bed. “Ms. Jarvis, are you awake?” Roxanne put her hand to her forehead. Any adult will know what we did last night since | woke up late.
She answered, “What's wrong?”
Catalina responded, “Mr. Farwell told me to wake you up at eight. Breakfast is ready. You can head downstairs to eat now!” Roxanne agreed and washed up quickly, despite her aching body.
After a while, she walked out of the bedroom to find Catalina waiting for her outside the entrance.
“Where's Lucian?” Roxanne asked in confusion.
Knowing Lucian, he would have personally woken her up in the morning.
Catalina answered helplessly, “Mr. Elias woke up early in the morning and informed Mr. Farwell that there was work to be handled in the office. Mr. Farwell couldn't refuse him, so he left.”
Mr. Elias woke up already?
Roxanne furrowed her brows. “Where is he now?”
Catalina replied, “He’s downstairs.”
As they were talking, the two reached the stairs.
Roxanne could hear the children playing downstairs, and she couldn’t help but feel slightly uneasy.
Will Elias have a negative impression of the children if he is downstairs and the kids are playing so vociferously?
Roxanne instantly quickened her pace at that thought.
Suddenly, she heard Benny say in a childish voice, “Grandpa, you did it wrongly here! You should put it like this! You should look at the instructions!”
Elias’ voice followed right after. “Oh, | see. | have never done this before, so I’m not very familiar with it. | understand it now.” Upon hearing their conversation, Roxanne was befuddled and she quickened her footsteps.
When she finally made her way downstairs, the scene of Elias playing Lego with the three kids greeted her.
When Roxanne saw Benny hugging Elias, it sent her into a panic. She quickly called out, “Archie, Benny!”
Even though they heard Roxanne’s voice, the children still had no intention of leaving Elias. Instead, they just turned to smile and greet her.
“Mommy! You woke up so late! | had no one to play with me! Luckily, Grandpa was up!”
Roxanne’s cheeks turned pink when she heard the children say this in front of Elias. She tried to make up an excuse. “I woke up a long time ago, but | was on a call upstairs!”
Then, she turned to greet Elias meekly, “Mr. Farwell, good morning.”
Elias smiled and nodded at her. 
###Chapter 1529
Chapter 1529
Chapter 1529 Meager Amount Of Money Roxanne was touched when she saw how kind Elias was to her but swiftly put her guard up in case she lost her composure.
“Did you not get a good night’s sleep yesterday? You look pale?” Elias asked out of concern.
Roxanne stiffened as she recalled yesterday night’s events. “I’m still getting used to this place since | just returned. | didn’t manage to get a good night's sleep yesterday, plus, work has been busy. I'll be fine in the next two days.”
Elias nodded his head in acknowledgment. “Work is important, but your health matters too, Young Lady.”
With that, he lowered his head and gave Estella, Benny, and Archie a look. “Come and eat. Stop playing.”
The kids obediently nodded their heads. “Okay, Grandpa!”
Elias smiled in delight when he heard the kids calling him Grandpa.
Even though Sonya was always complaining about Archie and Benny to him, he thought they were cute and likable. Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief when she saw how fond Elias was of Archie and Benny.
“Who said you can call him Grandpa?”
Sonya suddenly came down the stairs and glared at them petulantly.
The faces of Roxanne, Archie, and Benny clouded over.
Sonya wouldn’t even spare them a glance as she made her way down and toward Elias.
“You should set some boundaries no matter how fond you are of the kids. Grandpa Farwell is still an option. But how could you allow them to call you Grandpa? Only Essie is entitled to that. We only have one granddaughter in the Farwell family, and that’s Essie.”
She made it clear that she was displeased with Elias condoning such behavior. However, Roxanne knew that she was actually reprimanding Archie and Benny for crossing the line. She clenched her fists when she saw how disappointed her two kids looked, and she wanted to .
Nevertheless, she held back when she recalled the reason she had agreed to stay, and instead, she simply pulled Archie and Benny over to her side.
Elias, on the other hand, defended Archie and Benny, saying, “They’re still young. You're being too hard on them. It’s just a form of address. They can call me whatever they want.”
Sonya stared at him in disbelief. “What do you mean it’s just a form of address? You know very well what this means!”
Elias effectively ended the conversation as he sat down at the dining table, saying, “The food is getting cold. Come and eat.” Sonya had to swallow her frustration as she sat down beside him with a scowl.
When she noticed Roxanne, Archie, and Benny sitting across from her, she couldn’t help but mutter to herself, “Why are we treating them like family when they clearly aren’t? They're just going to fight over our inheritance when they grow up.”
Sonya had lost her composure and was acting out during the meal, displaying her anger as if she was afraid no one knew she was upset.
Roxanne couldn't help but speak up in response. “Rest assured, Mrs. Farwell, that the three of us won't spend a single cent of the Farwells’ money while we're here. If you don’t mind, | can transfer the money over to you right away.”
Sonya felt as if she was being ridiculed and responded, “Do we look like we care about such a meager amount of money?”
Roxanne met her gaze and said, “I know you’re not that petty, so just treat us like your guests while we're here. I’m pretty sure this is not how you would normally treat your guests.” 
###Chapter 1530
Chapter 1530
Chapter 1530 Can We Call You Grandpa Despite her attempt to tone down her tone, Roxanne’s voice remained cold and harsh when it came to matters related to Archie and Benny.
Sonya was left speechless, her fork hanging mid-air as she paused to process what was said. Finally, she spoke up, “Well, | hope you'll look after your sons and ensure they don’t address Elias however they want.”
Benny looked at Roxanne before turning to Sonya and defending his mother without any hesitation. “But Grandpa is very happy when we address him as such. We can address you in another way since you don’t like us calling you Grandma.”
Sonya turned red with anger at Benny’s remark, knowing he was right. The dinner table was suddenly heavy with tension.
Roxanne was taken aback by Benny's comment but acknowledged that he was right. After all, Elias and Sonya were their grandparents in reality.
Instead of calling Benny out for ridiculing his grandmother, she gave Elias an apologetic look. Elias nodded reassuringly, “Let’s calm down and enjoy our meal. We're adults, so we shouldn't let kids’ words get the best of us.”
After that, Elias served some food to Sonya’s plate to calm her down. “Relax. After breakfast, I’ll take you out shopping. Didn't you mention that you liked a particular bag last time?”
Acombination of different emotions played across Sonya’s face as she stared at the food Elias served her. “Hmph. You're taking their side,” she grumbled. “I can’t eat this meal anymore. You can continue eating if you like.” She then shot Roxanne a cold glare before heading upstairs.
After a while, Sonya came back downstairs dressed in different clothes and quickly left the house.
“| apologize for interrupting your meal, Mr. Farwell,” Roxanne said apologetically.
Elias waved her away and turned to Catalina. “Send someone to look after Sonya. Buy her anything she wants and keep me informed of her whereabouts at all times.”
Catalina nodded and immediately assigned tasks to the staff.
“Don’t mind her. She’s just stubborn. She'll treat you well eventually when she comes around. Just look at how she treated Aubree in the past six years.”
After making sure Sonya was taken care of, Elias spoke up for her.
Roxanne acknowledged Elias’ words with a nod. “I understand.”
She just didn’t know when Sonya would see them in a different light.
“Gran...” Benny stopped mid-sentence and gave it some thought before asking in cautious tones. “Grandpa Farwell, can we still address you as Grandpa?”
Even though he had ridiculed Sonya brazenly just now, he couldn't help but feel guilty now that she had left in anger. Roxanne’s heart ached for Benny when she heard his tone and turned to Elias nervously as well, worried that he would say no.
However, Elias seemed to be taken aback by Benny's question. He stared at him for a few seconds before replying with a smile. “Of course, you can. I’ve always wanted a grandson. You two make up for my regret as you are so well-behaved.”
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing his words and shot Elias a grateful look.
“Grandpa!” Archie and Benny called out in delight upon receiving Elias’ affirmative answer. 
###Chapter 1531
Chapter 1531
Chapter 1531 The Reason After finishing his breakfast, Elias smiled at them before getting up to leave, probably to meet Sonya.
The three children were not done eating. Hence, Roxanne stayed back and accompanied them.
Roxanne attempted to communicate with her kids and said, “In the future, try your best not to argue with Mrs. Farwell and do your best to make her like you.”
However, she soon realized that she might be asking too much of her children.
After all, even she couldn’t bear listening to Sonya’s overbearing remarks sometimes. How could she expect her children to put up with it?
“We understand.” Archie nodded. “Don’t worry, Mommy. Benny just thought that Mrs. Farwell had gone overboard just now and couldn’t help himself. Besides, he was right.”
Benny nodded matter-of-factly when he saw that Archie was siding with him. “Since Mrs. Farwell doesn’t like us addressing her as Grandma, we won't do it!”
Estella nodded seriously as well, showing her support for her brothers.
Seeing how determined her children were, Roxanne couldn’t help but smile before turning to look at Estella seriously. “Essie, your brothers are allowed to not address her like that, but not you.”
The little girl nodded obediently.
Roxanne knew that her boys had done nothing wrong. So, she said nothing and continued to have breakfast with them. Lucian’s call came in right then.
Roxanne took out her phone and looked at the caller ID before instinctively glancing at her children.
The three of them knew what Roxanne was getting at and continued to eat breakfast silently as if they could hear nothing. Noticing their reaction, Roxanne didn’t have the heart to keep it from them and took the call right before them.
“You're up?”
Lucian’s voice was laced with concern and a hint of a smile.
Roxanne’s face went crimson. However, realizing that her children were right in front of her, she tried to stay cool and said, “We're having our breakfast.”
Lucian let out a soft sigh. “I’m sorry. | had wanted to accompany you in the morning, but there’s an urgent task at work, and | had no other choice but to come over here first.”
Afterward, he shifted his attention to Roxanne’s health and asked, “How are you feeling? Do you feel unwell anywhere?”
Roxanne decided to keep her condition from him and begrudgingly said, “No. I'm all right.”
How could she say that her back almost broke in front of her children? Lucian appeared to be quite disappointed by the answer. “Really? It seems like I’ve got to work harder.”
Roxanne immediately lowered the volume of her speaker and steered the topic. “If you have nothing else, | think that's it for now. The kids are not done eating yet.”
Sensing her undertones, Lucian let out a chortle. “I just want to know what you think after last night, and I’m wondering if you will run back home when I'm not around.”
Last night, he restrained himself in every possible way because he was afraid of scaring Roxanne and making her retreat into her shell.
He continued to worry after arriving at the office this morning. Hence, he quickly called her after the meeting was done. Roxanne appeared hesitant when answering him. “I... | do want to go back, but it’s not because of what happened last night.”
The first part of her reply made him furrow his brows. However, he was relieved after hearing that it was not because of last night. Perplexed, he asked, “Why, then?”
Roxanne cast a glance at Archie and Benny. She got up and headed toward the living room. In a low voice, she explained, “Mrs. Farwell doesn’t like Archie and Benny, and my presence is only going to make matters worse. | just hope that they can get along well. So, | don’t think it’s appropriate for me to continue staying at the manor.” 
###Chapter 1532
Chapter 1532
Chapter 1532 | Am Right Upon hearing the woman's concerns, Lucian’s eyes softened, and he reassured her in a deep, comforting voice, “You don’t need to worry about that. I’ve discussed this with them. They will leave soon.”
Roxanne was taken aback by his reply. “When? What did you say to them?”
Lucian didn’t answer her questions and merely replied, “They've always stayed at the Farwell main residence. So it will be more convenient for them if they go back there. Staying together with us is only going to make things difficult for them.”
Noticing his reluctance to answer her question, Roxanne decided against pressing on. However, she felt something didn’t quite add up and said, “But, I’m the outsider. If you ask them to go back because of me—”
“We're going to be a family if you agree to my proposal,” Lucian interjected. “As for my mom and dad, you don’t need to worry about them holding grudges against you. I'll deal with that.”
Roxanne backed down when he brought up the proposal again. “I believe that you will...”
Then, she lifted her gaze to look at the time and said sheepishly, “It’s getting late. | should head to the research institute now. You should continue with your work too.”
Lucian didn’t want to force a reply out of her and hummed a response, waiting for her to hang up.
Roxanne let out a relieved sigh after watching the phone screen go dark. After greeting Catalina and telling her to take good care of the children, she changed into her work clothes and headed to the research institute.
After the discussion and research session with Jack yesterday, they were only one step away from the final formulation of the new drug.
They only needed one more day to finalize it.
Roxanne threw the unpleasant incident in the morning to the back of her mind at the thought of her work. She realized that Jack had already been waiting when she arrived at the research institute.
“Mr. Damaris.”
Jack’s attitude toward her had taken a roller coaster recently. However, Roxanne decided to treat him as no more than a work partner.
Since the collaboration was led by Damaris Group this time, Jack was actually her superior now. Hence, Roxanne felt guilty that she was caught getting late to work by her boss.
Jack’s eyes darkened at the sight of the faint hickey on her neck. However, he suppressed his fury and greeted Roxanne with a smile.
“You must be tired from the overtime work these days, Ms. Jarvis, so it's good for you to get some rest. Since you're already here, let’s get on with the final step. | really hope we can succeed this time.”
Roxanne nodded and regained her composure. She changed into her lab coat and walked into the laboratory.
The two of them worked separately, and after working for one whole morning, Roxanne finally had a breakthrough.
“| think... I've done it.”
It was not easy for them to succeed. Adding on top of the fact that there had been many failures along the way, Roxanne was especially careful this time.
Jack heard her and quickly went to her direction.
The two of them tested the efficacy of the medicine.
Upon testing it on lab mice, it was found that Roxanne’s new medicine managed to reduce the activity of the cancer cells in them!
“We did it!”
Jack grabbed Roxanne’s shoulder and tapped on it. “I knew my judgment was right. | knew you could do it!”
At the same time, he vowed to make Roxanne his woman.
A medical genius like Roxanne was born for the Damaris family, and she could only realize her true potential if she married him.
Hence, Jack knew he would never give her up, no matter what it took. 
###Chapter 1533
Chapter 1533
Chapter 1533 Lobbying Roxanne was rather offended by his sudden body contact, and the smile on her face became dark. She lowered her eyes and stepped back, slowly moving away from his hand.
Jack frowned for a moment when he felt her uneasiness. He quickly removed his hand and pretended nothing had happened.
“The research institute played a huge part in successfully developing the new medication. How about this? Lunch is on me today, plus everyone will receive a cash reward from me this month!” Jack’s words made it sound like he was closely related to the research institute.
Roxanne felt he was slightly crossing the line and wanted to decline him. But the employees were already cheering. Thus, she thought it would not be nice to spoil the atmosphere.
“Mr. Damaris is so generous!”
“Thank you, Mr. Damaris. We will definitely work harder from now onwards!” One by one, the research institute staff began to offer Jack words of flattery. Roxanne felt slightly annoyed as she watched their admiration for Jack.
“Well, | hope everyone will give me the honor. Let’s carpool and set off now, shall we?” Jack grinned from ear to ear, looking all enthusiastic.
He then reached out and wanted to hold Roxanne’s arm. “If you don’t mind, Ms. Jarvis, you can take my car!”
Roxanne turned sideways, avoiding his hand. She had an awkward smile on her face. “I think we should first discuss our profit- sharing model.”
Jack arched his brow, seemingly uninterested in what she said. “What’s the hurry? This isn’t our first collaboration, don’t you trust me? Please don’t worry for I'll ensure the research institute gets what it deserves. Let's not talk about work on such a joyous occasion. We should relax and take a break!”
While he was speaking, a few employees had begun to make their way out. Roxanne was unhappy, but she could only agree. “All right, let's go then. I'll drive my car so that | can help to fetch some people.” With that, she called a few staff who did not drive and left with them.
Jack watched Roxanne’s retreating figure and then lowered his eyes. His gaze turned grim as he looked at his hand, which she had rejected twice.
It was noon when the group reached the hotel where Jack made reservations.
“Mr. Damaris is such a rich and generous man. He actually reserved the best hotel in Horington for our celebration,” one of the employees complimented with a smile.
Jack was walking alongside Roxanne when he heard the compliment. He smiled and waved a dismissal hand. “All of you are important contributors. It’s only fitting that | choose the best. Enjoy yourselves, and don’t stand on ceremony with me.”
Jack arranged for a feast at the top level of the hotel. Delicious food and wine were served, and soothing live music enhanced the atmosphere. Several staff were excited as it was their first time having a meal in such a luxurious place.
Throughout the meal, people came to give Jack a toast to thank him for the treat. After toasting Jack, they turned to Roxanne, wanting to give her a toast too.
Roxanne rejected all offers, saying that she was not feeling well.
“Enjoy yourselves, everyone. Today’s celebration is the first, and for sure, not the last. There’ll be plenty of opportunities for us to collaborate. | promise our subsequent celebrations will be grander with each successful collaboration!” Jack raised his wine glass and said to everyone.
Sounds of cheers erupted as soon as Jack finished speaking.
Roxanne should be ecstatic about the successful development of the new medication. But as she sat and watched how Jack acted like he was the protagonist of the success story, she could not bring herself to feel happy.
The way Jack behaved did not look like he was celebrating. He was trying to win over everyone’s hearts.
Outsiders might get the impression that Jack was the person in charge of the research institute. 
###Chapter 1534
Chapter 1534
Chapter 1534 Could Not Wait Any Longer “What's wrong? | notice that you did not drink any wine.”
Jack suddenly looked at the person beside him and asked concernedly, “Are you unwell? What's the matter? Would you like me to take a look?”
As he spoke, his hand reached out to take Roxanne’s wrist.
Roxanne pursed her lips and put on a weak smile. “There’s no need. I’m a little tired as | did not sleep well last night. Please carry on and have fun with them. I'll take a rest for a while.”
She calmly retreated and avoided contact with Jack. She gave a light nod before turning around to leave. Displeasure hit Jack as he stared at her back.
The hickey on her neck was the answer to why she did not sleep well last night! | can’t wait any longer! | must make a move quickly!
After leaving the banquet, Roxanne headed to a nearby cafe for coffee and relaxation. But at the thought of Jack’s recent attitude, she felt annoyed again.
Just then, a message came from Lucian asking about her. How are you feeling? Go home and rest if you are tired. The research institute matters can be settled some other time.
Roxanne felt warm when she saw his care and concern. But she could not help being grouchy in her reply as she was upset with Jack’s behavior. So, you knew I'll be tired today, huh... But it’s okay. The medication was successfully developed, and we’re celebrating outside now.
Lucian frowned slightly as he saw Roxanne’s reply. He texted back. Is Jack there too?
Roxanne became more frustrated when Jack was mentioned. He’s the one who initiated the celebration. | couldn't reject him as the staff in the research institute were in high spirits.
Roxanne’s reply clearly showed her displeasure toward Jack, though she did not directly say so.
Lucian, however, was concerned about something else. Did you drink?
Roxanne pulled a face and replied. They're drinking, but I’m not in the mood.
As soon as she sent the message, Lucian called.
Roxanne answered it.
“What's the matter? Are you unwell? Do you want me to go over and fetch you?” Lucian’s voice was warm and caring. Roxanne sighed softly. “I was a bit uncomfortable in the morning, but I’m much better now.”
Hearing that, Lucian furrowed his brows puzzledly. “What’s wrong then? Is it because of my mother? What did she say to you again?”
Not wanting Lucian to misunderstand, Roxanne hurriedly explained, “It’s not that. It’s because of Jack...”
Roxanne could not help feeling upset as she brought up the topic.
She could not do anything much to an outsider who was getting close to her employees. She felt a loss of authority as the person in charge of the research institute. This made her look bad as a leader.
Lucian became unhappy when he heard Jack was upsetting Roxanne. “What is Jack up to now? Don’t be bothered by him. | can see that he’s caring toward you, but it remains to be seen whether he has ulterior motives.”
Roxanne still felt discouraged. She hesitantly asked Lucian, “Am | incompetent at managing staff? It seemed like the research institute became a mess after Colby left.”
She was doing some self-reflection while drinking coffee earlier.
The truth was she was a relatively new member of the research institute; thus, she did not know the employees well. Furthermore, she focused solely on her research and neglected her relations with her colleagues.
In the past, Colby helped her maintain relations with the employees. After Colby was caught, she started drifting apart from them. That was the reason why Jack was able to win their hearts so easily. Lucian’s expression turned solemn when he heard that. “Why did you say so?”
Roxanne felt a bit embarrassed to speak her thoughts. But she managed to find the courage to do so, as Lucian was the audience.
“| felt that during this period, the employees hit it off better with Jack than me. The situation looks like he’s the person in charge instead of me.” 
###Chapter 1535
Chapter 1535
Chapter 1535 What Do You Think Needless to say, Lucian instantly noticed the discontent and guilt laced in Roxanne’s voice.
“Jack even said he’d issue bonuses to my staff in his name. | had already considered doing it myself, but he beat me to the announcement. After that, | was just too embarrassed to turn him down... Will the staff think that Jack treats them better than | do? Then again, our research institute is only collaborating with Damaris Group...” the latter muttered.
She hadn't been able to shake off the nagging feeling that something was off, so she had no choice but to discuss it with Lucian.
After hearing Roxanne’s worries, the man softened his gaze and comforted her, “You haven't done anything wrong. He’s the one who has crossed the line. Your talent and passion lie in the medical field, so there’s no need to worry about the management aspect. Feel free to come to me if you ever need any assistance. I'll be your advisor.”
“What should | do now, then?” Roxanne asked, knowing she could rely on Lucian. Naturally, the man was more than happy to help. “Have you guys ironed out the profit-sharing agreement?” “| told him we should talk about that first, but he turned it down,” Roxanne replied as she shook her head.
“In that case, you should find an opportunity to draft a detailed profit-sharing contract. Make sure all the terms and conditions are clearly stated. If you're still worried, | can check the draft when you're done.”
“Sure. I'll let him know as soon as possible,” Roxanne piped up, sounding much more relaxed now that she had Lucian’s advice and support. “I’m sorry | have to trouble you again.”
Lucian chuckled. “It’s an honor to serve you.”
Seeing Roxanne become wary of Jack suits me just fine. It sure beats seeing them getting closer and closer. After all, I’m the only one she needs.
“However, I’d still like to manage the company myself. Can you teach me if you have the time?” Roxanne asked cautiously.
Lucian has been single-handedly managing Farwell Group all these years, so there’s no doubt his management skills are top- notch. It'd certainly be a weight off my shoulders if he’s willing to guide me.
To Roxanne’s delight, Lucian agreed to it without hesitation. “I'll do my best! Additionally, your secretary can also learn a thing or two from Cayden. You didn’t have many managerial opportunities while overseas, and | don’t think she has any experience, either. Therefore, it'd be good for her to learn from Cayden and help relieve some of your burdens.”
Roxanne nodded her head in agreement. “Yes. I'll talk to her about it.”
The couple then went on to chat about the contract details when a commotion suddenly broke out at the door. With that, Roxanne promptly ended the conversation with Lucian and hung up her phone.
The next second, Jack appeared in the cafe, reeking of alcohol.
“How are you feeling?” he asked as he strode in and sat near Roxanne.
After glancing at the closed door and the tipsy Jack, Roxanne immediately put her guard up. “I’m much better now. Thanks for your concern, Mr. Damaris.”
In response, Jack smiled and casually undid his two collar buttons, his gaze shifting from the aroma lamp in the room to Roxanne.
Feeling flustered by being stared at so intensely, the latter forced herself to stay calm and changed the topic to something work- related. “I'd like to confirm the terms of our cooperation now, Mr. Damaris. What do you think?”
Unfortunately, Jack refused to play along. “I’ve had a bit to drink tonight, so discussing such important matters wouldn’t be appropriate. Besides, didn’t | say tonight is for us to relax and have fun? Let’s talk about work another time!” 
###Chapter 1536
Chapter 1536
Chapter 1536 Detached Roxanne furrowed her brows.
In the past, Jack and | had only ever talked about work or medical matters when we hung out together, so what’s with this change? Argh. | don’t want to talk about anything else but our collaboration!
“In that case, let's go over the content first. We can draw up the contract another day,” Roxanne suggested, still with a polite smile on her face.
In Jack’s drunken haze, he frowned and slammed his hand down on the table. “Is that all we can talk about between us?”
As Roxanne met Jack’s gaze in silence, alarm bells began ringing in her head. “We're partners, aren’t we? Shouldn't we be talking about work?”
“Are you saying we can only be coworkers, Ms. Jarvis?” Jack retorted as his eyes glowed with anger.
Even though it was an ambiguous question, it didn’t take long before Roxanne guessed what the man was getting at. That, however, left her utterly perplexed.
Huh? All this while, I’ve treated Jack like a colleague, so why would he develop such feelings for me? Just as Roxanne began to doubt her judgment, Jack’s voice rang out, albeit with a note of bitterness.
“Since | first saw you at the medical consultation, I’ve had a lot of admiration for you. Not only was | in awe of your medical skills, but | was also touched by how much you cared for the young and old. Whenever we met, | always asked myself how great it’d be if | could have an incredible woman like yourself by my side. It’d be even better if | could shower you with love.”
Upon hearing that and seeing the fondness in Jack’s eyes, Roxanne reeled in shock. | can’t believe Jack has romantic feelings for me! When did that happen? Why have | never noticed that before?
After stealing another peek at the closed door, Roxanne turned her attention back to the drunk man. “You’ve had too much to drink, Mr. Damaris. I'll pretend not to have heard any of this.”
“lm not drunk. | meant every word I said!” Jack said affectionately.
Alas, when he tried to grab Roxanne’s hand, the latter dodged him by taking her cup of coffee and pretending to sip from it. Needless to say, Jack was dismayed. “I was attracted to your professionalism and gentleness toward all living things, and I’ve always thought that we made a great match. Think about it. Aren’t | the best person to discuss medical-related matters with?” By then, Roxanne was so stunned that she couldn’t stop her hand from trembling.
No wonder it feels like Jack’s attitude has been getting increasingly strange. | can’t believe it’s because of this...
“| know you have two kids, so you have more factors to consider when choosing a partner,” Jack continued sincerely. “Trust me. You have nothing to worry about because | adore them. As long as you're willing to be with me, I'll love them as my own! E-Even if they’re your children with Lucian, | wouldn’t mind one bit!”
After hearing Jack mention Archie and Benny’s parentage, Roxanne tightened her grip around her cup and glanced at him.
The next second, however, she quickly regained her composure. Wait a minute... He brought that up only because he had read the public statement issued by Farwell Group a while back. Okay. | feel better knowing that...
With that, Roxanne set her cup down and stared calmly at the man before her. When she finally spoke, her voice was cold and detached. “I appreciate your kindness, Mr. Damaris. However, I’ve only ever regarded you as a great coworker and business partner. I’m afraid | can’t reciprocate your feelings. If you wish to continue our partnership, please don’t bring this matter up again.” 
###Chapter 1537
Chapter 1537
Chapter 1537 We Did Not Make Any Progress Acold look flashed past Jack’s eyes when he heard her reject him firmly, but he was quick to suppress it.
“I'm serious about this, Roxanne. We need to date each other if we want to truly maximize our potential. Don’t you want to develop your career in the medical field?” Jack pleaded earnestly with an expectant look in his eyes.
However, his ambitious confession only scared Roxanne even more. “I do want to develop my career, but not like this! You've had too much to drink, Mr. Damaris. Let’s end this conversation here.”
Roxanne was about to get up and leave when Jack let out a wry chuckle. “I knew it... | knew you would reject me, Roxanne. | just didn’t think you'd do so without at least giving me a chance. Is being with me really that bad? | don’t even know how Lucian is better than me.”
Roxanne closed her eyes and calmed herself down before replying coldly, “This has nothing to do with Lucian. | simply don’t have feelings for you. Still, | would like to thank you for not resorting to nasty methods like Colby did.”
She then walked right out of the door without looking back.
Jack narrowed his eyes as he watched her disappear from sight. He then grabbed a handful of coffee beans and stuffed them into his mouth. The look in his eyes cleared up a little as he chewed on the coffee beans.
| thought this would be all | needed to do to make Roxanne a part of my family, but it seems | was wrong. Roxanne won't comply unless | use force. | can’t believe she actually thanked me for not using nasty methods like Colby! | gave you a chance to make a choice, Roxanne, so don’t blame me for what | might do in the future!
Jack had an icy-cold look on his face as he stared at the steaming pot of coffee on the table. Roxanne waved goodbye at the staff, who had yet to leave, as she walked out of the cafe.
| don’t know how I'll face Jack after saying all of those things to him! Our partnership is still ongoing, so | can’t turn my back on him just yet.
After making her way downstairs with a worried frown on her face, Roxanne noticed a Bentley with a familiar-looking license plate parked nearby.
The window slowly rolled down as she shifted her gaze toward it, and Lucian’s face came into view a few seconds later. “What are you doing here?” Feeling relieved, Roxanne quickly made her way over.
Lucian got out of the car and opened the door for her like a chivalrous gentleman. “I knew you came here to see Jack, so | have to make a move as well,” he replied in the most matter-of-fact tone possible.
Had this conversation taken place in the past, Roxanne would’ve told Lucian that he was overreacting.
However, after hearing what Jack said earlier, she felt that he had come at just the right time.
“I'm glad to see that you weren’t lying when you told me you didn’t drink,” Lucian said as he closed her car door and made his way over to the driver’s seat.
Roxanne recalled what happened earlier when he started the car, but she didn’t feel like talking about it. Lucian had noticed something off about her the moment she stepped out the door earlier.
Realizing that his words didn’t exactly cheer her up, Lucian’s expression gradually grew solemn as he asked, “What happened? Did your conversation with Jack turn unpleasant?”
The look on Roxanne’s face changed the moment she heard him mention Jack. Unsure of what to tell him, she decided to brush it off as casually as possible.
“He refused to talk about work, so we didn’t make any progress with the negotiation.” 
###Chapter 1538
Chapter 1538
Chapter 1538 Do Not Take It To Heart Lucian arched an eyebrow slightly in response.
He knew Roxanne was hiding something from him when she paused briefly.
“Why would he refuse to talk about work? Isn’t it better to finalize a contract that would bring him profits as soon as possible?” Lucian asked calmly in an attempt to go with the flow.
Roxanne lowered her gaze as she replied, “He had been drinking and felt he was in no condition to discuss business.” Jack has been drinking?
Lucian narrowed his eyes as he said, “Most deals are closed over drinks. Jack is the heir of the Damaris family, so I’m sure he must've closed plenty of deals over drinks by now. He must have had some other reason for refusing to discuss business with you.”
Roxanne’s eyes went wide as she recalled what happened earlier. She couldn't bring herself to tell him that their negotiation failed because she turned down Jack's confession.
While she did not have feelings for Jack, she believed that a confession was a private thing, so she didn’t want to reveal it to Lucian.
Roxanne eyed him cautiously as she said, “Maybe he didn’t want to discuss business while he was in a celebratory mood earlier. I'll go see him again tomorrow at Damaris Group. Would you have time to come with me?”
She didn’t know how she would face Jack after what happened earlier. Besides, she also needed Lucian to help check the details of the contract. Naturally, Lucian wouldn't say no to her request.
While he was displeased with her hiding the truth from him, he was willing to forget about that since she wanted him to go meet Jack with her.
With that, the topic of their conversation shifted toward the contract that they would be signing with Jack tomorrow.
As Elias and Sonya had yet to return to the Farwell residence, the three kids were huddled around Catalina and telling her their stories from kindergarten.
Catalina couldn’t stop laughing as the kids presented those stories in a really humorous and adorable manner. The three kids quickly turned around when they saw Lucian and Roxanne come in through the front door. “Mommy! Daddy!”
Roxanne’s lips curled into a relieved smile as she bent over to hug them. “Have you kids been good today?” The three kids nodded profusely in response. “Yeah, we have!”
“They have all been behaving themselves very well today. They even helped me out with the chores!” Catalina added with a smile.
Roxanne couldn't help but wonder if she was worrying too much about them since they arrived a week before she did.
“Let's go have dinner,” Lucian said in a deep voice. “Don’t we need to wait for your parents?” Roxanne asked in confusion.
“My dad texted me earlier and said he’d be eating out with my mom, so we can go ahead and eat,” Lucian replied while showing her his phone.
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief when she saw the text from Elias.
She also had a feeling that Elias was trying to help them out. He knew that the atmosphere would be incredibly tense if they had dinner with Sonya around, so he brought her out to let them dine in peace.
Roxanne felt thankful when she realized he was doing it for her and the kids.
Lucian wrapped an arm around her shoulder and said with a reassuring look in his eyes, “They'll move out in a few days. Don’t take anything that my mom says to heart, okay? Just let me know if she gives you any trouble, and I'll talk to her myself.”
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled in response. “I know. You'll have a lot to deal with, though.”
“My attitude toward you in the past is why things are tense between you two. I’m the cause of my mom’s misunderstanding, so | should be the one to fix it,” Lucian said solemnly. 
###Chapter 1539
Chapter 1539
Chapter 1539 Feel Safer Roxanne felt touched when she heard that.
The atmosphere was heartwarming as they had dinner without Sonya around.
That was the first time Lucian didn’t need to leave in a hurry after dinner, so the kids could chat with both their parents until it was late at night.
While the kids were having a great time, Roxanne wasn’t in the mood to play with them, and Lucian still had some work to do. They two tucked the kids in before returning to the study and the bedroom respectively.
They did it so naturally that it felt as though they had been living together for a long time.
The bedroom was still empty by the time Roxanne stepped out of the shower, so she figured he was still working in the study. Seeing as it was quite late, Roxanne figured she would advise him to get some rest.
She was about to step out the door when her phone started ringing on the nightstand.
Roxanne turned around and made her way over to pick up the phone.
Seeing Jack’s name on the caller ID reminded her of what he said earlier, so she wasn’t sure if she should answer his call.
However, it didn’t seem like Jack was going to hang up anytime soon as the phone simply continued ringing. Roxanne forcefully suppressed her reluctance and answered the call, “What is it, Mr. Damaris? It's really late now.”
“Sorry, am | disturbing you? | didn’t want to call you this late at night, but | felt the need to apologize for what happened earlier,” Jack said apologetically.
Roxanne frowned in confusion when she heard that. What's with Jack’s sudden change in attitude?
Not wanting to make things awkward, she replied with a soft chuckle, “It’s fine. You had a little too much to drink earlier, so I'll just pretend | didn’t hear that.”
Jack breathed a sigh of relief. “That's good to hear. | wasn’t planning on saying that after | found out about your relationship with Mr. Farwell. Since we have been working together for a long time, | figured I'd just treat you as a business partner. However, | got a little too carried away today, and it just slipped. I’m sorry | lost my composure earlier. | didn’t scare you, did 1?”
Why does it sound like he’s confessing to me again? Roxanne frowned at the thought of that and said coldly, “No. You just said some things that you shouldn’t have, that’s all. If you
truly are sorry, then please stop bringing this up in the future.”
The look in Jack’s eyes grew cold when he heard that, but he maintained a cautious tone as he said, “All right, I'll keep that in mind. By the way, you mentioned a couple of times about our profit-sharing model. It’s true that we should get that settled as soon as possible. | can’t believe | got so carried away that | forgot about it.”
Roxanne felt a little better when he mentioned work. “In that case, how about we meet up to discuss that tomorrow, Mr. Damaris?”
Since Jack had wanted to see her anyway, he agreed to her request without any hesitation whatsoever. “Sure thing. I'll go see you at the research institute tomorrow.”
Roxanne agreed to it after giving it some thought. The two then chose a time to meet before ending the call.
Lucian happened to come in at the time, so he saw her putting her phone down. “Who were you talking to this late at night?” he asked with a frown.
“Mr. Damaris called to make an appointment to discuss the contract tomorrow. | was planning on meeting him at Damaris Group at first, but since he’s partially responsible for this delay, we chose to meet at the research institute instead,” Roxanne replied evasively.
Given what happened between them, Roxanne figured it would be safer to meet him in her own territory instead. 
###Chapter 1540
Chapter 1540
Chapter 1540 Loyal Since he would be joining her in meeting Jack tomorrow, Lucian didn’t bother asking her too much about it. The two then went to bed in each other's arms.
Roxanne felt it was a little inappropriate at first, but felt it was nothing compared to what they did yesterday night. With that in mind, she lay obediently in his arms and fell asleep shortly after.
The two of them got up early the next morning, and Lucian drove her to the research institute. While waiting for Jack to show up, they went through the terms of the contract together.
With Lucian’s guidance, Roxanne was able to be more confident about the details of the contract. Jack arrived at Roxanne’s office at around nine in the morning.
The look on his face turned gloomy when he saw Roxanne sitting on a single-cushion couch while Lucian sat on a longer one next to hers. Lucian was in a relaxed posture and seemed to be discussing something with Roxanne.
Although the two of them were sitting on separate couches, their interactions looked very intimate.
“Hello, Mr. Damaris,” Roxanne greeted him with a smile when she noticed him standing there.
With Lucian around, she was able to relax and interact with Jack more naturally.
After taking a second to regain his composure, Jack flashed her a smile before shifting his gaze toward Lucian.
“What a coincidence, Mr. Farwell. | didn’t know you would be here too. Ms. Jarvis and | have some business to discuss, though. If possible, could you perhaps—”
Jack was trying to politely ask Lucian to leave, but Lucian cut him off with a warning gaze before he could finish his sentence. “No, it’s not possible. | don’t think there’s anything between you and Roxanne that | shouldn’t know.” Jack’s expression tensed up instantly. “It’s about a partnership between Damaris Group and this research institute.”
“In that case, there’s no need for me to leave. Farwell Group is not involved in the medical field, so knowing the details of your partnership won't result in any conflicts of interest. Besides, you should have faith in Roxanne’s integrity,” Lucian replied nonchalantly.
Jack’s face clouded over when he realized Lucian wasn't going to leave. “Will you be contributing anything to this conversation, then?”
Lucian arched an eyebrow in response before shifting his gaze toward Roxanne.
Roxanne let out a helpless sigh when she noticed the rising tension between Lucian and Jack, but she was not about to take Jack's side in this situation.
“I'm sorry | didn’t tell you this in advance. I’m not that knowledgeable when it comes to business, so Mr. Farwell is here as my consultant.”
She then turned toward Lucian to see if he was satisfied with her reply.
Feeling satisfied, Lucian gave her a nod in response.
Jack frowned slightly and let out a sarcastic chuckle. “You're willing to lower yourself and become Ms. Jarvis’s consultant? Now | see why she’s so loyal to you, Mr. Farwell!”
“It is an honor for me to be Roxanne’s consultant,” Lucian replied. It was unclear if he genuinely meant that, though.
Not wanting the two to start fighting over her, Roxanne changed the topic by saying, “All right, let's just get down to business. It'll be lunchtime if we waste any more time chit-chatting.”
Jack nodded and sat down on the single-cushion couch in front of her.
He looked like he meant business as he crossed his arms and said, “Since you wanted to see me so urgently, I’m assuming Mr. Farwell has given you some bright ideas. In that case, why don’t you go ahead and speak your mind?” 
###Chapter 1541
Chapter 1541
Chapter 1541 Demand Roxanne subconsciously glanced at Lucian.
He nodded at her. She completely relaxed after receiving his affirmation. Then, she shared the result of their initial discussion earlier.
“This is my two cents. Damaris Group provided us with the medicinal herbs and distribution channel for this collaboration. However, technology-wise, the credits belong almost entirely to the research institute. | can even say that the research institute is the real owner of this core technology in developing this new medicine. For this reason and considering our experiences working together with other groups, the profit should be divided into a twenty-eighty split. Our research institute will take the larger portion of the earnings.”
She was the person in charge of the research institute, after all. Although Roxanne wasn't sufficiently familiar with that aspect, she still commanded an extraordinary presence.
A hint of admiration glinted in Lucian’s eyes as he listened to her speech and took in her serious demeanor.
On the other hand, Jack thought his ears were playing tricks on him. He forced himself to keep up his elegant facade. “Excuse me. | didn’t hear you clearly. Ms. Jarvis, you were saying—"
She reiterated calmly, “The research institute will take eighty percent of the profit from the sales of this medicine while Damaris Group owns the remaining twenty percent.”
Jack couldn’t help but chuckle. “Are you kidding me, Ms. Jarvis? Is that all the profit you’re willing to share with us after Damaris Group contributed so much to this project?”
Roxanne’s eyes shone with determination. “The Damaris family is a century-old prestigious family in the traditional medicine business, so you must be well aware of the rules in the pharmaceutical field. In fact, coming up with the core technology is the most important part of medical research and development. In the context of contribution, I’m confident our research institute poured in much more effort than Damaris Group.”
Jack turned to glance at Lucian and swiftly wrapped his mind around the situation. Evidently, that was the result of their discussion earlier.
“You're such a humorous person, Ms. Jarvis. | came up with the idea in the first place. Besides, Damaris Group had been providing the medicinal herbs used by the research institution for free. Now that you've invented the medicine, you're turning your back on us, letting us take only a small part of the profit. If that’s the case, I’m afraid Damaris Group will have to cease this collaboration with you.”
His face darkened, and his tone was filled with the indifference of a businessman. Jack’s reaction was within their anticipation.
Roxanne spoke in a gentler manner after sensing his fury. “Naturally, Damaris Group’s cooperation is crucial in the success of inventing this medicine. If you aren’t satisfied with my initial offer, | can proffer you another five percent, totaling Damaris Group’s profit margin to twenty-five percent. That is the maximum extent of my sincerity.”
He sneered out loud. “Aren’t you generous, Ms. Jarvis, offering me another five percent without hesitation? Do you think I'll
agree to this?”
She replied, “There’s nothing | can do if you aren't willing to accept the deal. | will compensate Damaris Group with three times the market price for all the medicinal herbs you have provided the research institute. As for the distribution channel, I'll figure out an alternative.”
She was implying her readiness to end their collaboration as Jack had suggested.
Jack laughed in exasperation. “There isn’t any price on the market that can match the demand for the Damaris family’s medicinal herbs, as the herbs are only available for the Damaris family’s internal use. | think you’re oversimplifying this matter, Ms. Jarvis.”
Roxanne frowned. “In that case, you can proffer a price you think is fair, and I'll accept it without any ion.”
She felt a little uneasy after saying that, as Jack might very likely make a significant demand on the division of profit following her statement.
“| think you haven't gotten a clear picture of the circumstances, Mr. Damaris,” Lucian piped up.
At the same time, he slightly leaned his body in Roxanne and Jack’s direction while shifting his cold gaze onto Jack. 
###Chapter 1542
Chapter 1542
Chapter 1542 Nothing Left To Discuss
“Roxanne is equipped with the technology, while the medicinal herbs provided by the Damaris family were only used to produce one batch of medicine. If you aren't satisfied with the profit division, that's fine. The financial gain from this batch of medicine manufactured using the medicinal herbs contributed by the Damaris family can be split according to your wish. Still, the research institute also has the right to only sign the contract with you for this batch of medicine only.”
At that point, Lucian talked slower. “And that means after this batch of medicines is completely sold, Roxanne can still look for another medicinal herbs supplier to collaborate with her because she has the manufacturing technology. But what about Damaris Group? Are you able to find another research institute that can produce this medicine?”
His words blatantly expressed the research institute's dominance in that deal with Damaris Group.
In short, Damaris Group wasn't Roxanne's only choice.
In comparison, Damaris Group could only rely on Roxanne to produce the medicine.
Hence, the research institute should've been the leading party in that cooperation from the beginning.
As for Damaris Group, it became Jack's decision whether to choose a long-term, steady yield or a high amount of short-term profit.
Jack didn't expect Lucian to make that move. He met the latter's eyes impassively while speaking to Roxanne.
“Ms. Jarvis, are you sure you wish to discuss the terms of this collaboration with Damaris Group on a pure business paradigm? In your opinion, is Damaris Group just an existence you can toss aside after you achieve your goal?”
She glanced at Lucian and he nodded at her. Subsequently, Roxanne braced herself and pursed her lips in silence, considering that a response to Jack's question.
Lucian uttered righteously, “There are no friends when doing business. You should understand that concept better than Roxanne, Mr. Damaris. Profit division has always been the most crucial and demanding battle in the business field. Aren't you attempting to appeal to Roxanne's emotions with friendship and unscrupulously forcing her to concede now?”
Jack's negotiating skills were significantly inferior to Lucian's. As a result, Jack's face became contorted in anger.
Along silence later, he said stiffly, “l cannot accept this profit division arrangement!”
Lucian chimed in, “Perhaps | should let you see the profit division arrangement used by Farwell Group when we are in control of the technological aspect of a deal. Maybe you'll feel contented with the current offer after seeing the numbers.”
In other words, if Lucian were to take charge of the profit division matter entirely, the Damaris family's financial gain would only be reduced further.
The friendly facade on Jack's countenance completely dissipated as he stared at them grimly.
“If you can accept my offer, we'll sign the agreement now. If you aren't, our research institute is willing to hire a professional third party to evaluate Damaris Group's contributions in the early phase and compensate you at ten times the price.” Roxanne nudged the agreement toward him.
Without taking one look at the contract, Jack tore it in half and tossed it back on the table.
Roxanne was taken aback by his reaction.
In the past, Jack had always shown his gentlemanly side to her. Not to mention, he was the heir to a prestigious family in the traditional medicine business, so she was under the assumption he would prioritize keeping up a polite and gentle appearance.
Little did she anticipate he would do something as impulsive as that. The atmosphere inside the office abruptly turned tense.
Jack said, “If | remember correctly, we agreed to share the patent and split the profit equally when we first decided to work together on this project. Now that you're casually altering the terms, | don't think there is room for further discussion.”
Roxanne replied with a frown, “You've also mentioned you would allow me access to medical books as a reference. | agreed to share the patent because of that. However, | didn't see any related medical book from you, and | ended up inventing this technology on my own. Naturally, | have no reason to share the patent with you.” 
###Chapter 1543
Chapter 1543
Chapter 1543 Refused To Collaborate
Jack was stumped for words upon hearing that.
Ashort pause later, he stood up from the couch and said, “If that's the case, there's nothing left for us to discuss.” After saying that, Jack turned around and strode out of the office, slamming the door shut behind him.
Roxanne's eyes were filled with shock as the thunderous boom rang in her ears.
“Did that startle you?” Lucian said while walking to her side.
Upon hearing his voice, Roxanne gradually returned to her senses and said in an emotional voice, “I'm fine. | just did not expect to see that side of Jack.”
Roxanne's response made Lucian's admiration for her grow. The man wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her into his arms.
Letting out a sigh, Roxanne said, “Are all businessmen that two-faced?”
Lucian stroked her back reassuringly and replied, “Would you be scared if I'm like that too?” Roxanne fell silent while trying to imagine the tactics that Lucian would employ in the business arena.
After a while, it dawned on her that she already knew Lucian's way of doing things like the back of her hand and had long accepted it.
“Honestly, | wouldn't be surprised at all.” Roxanne smiled. Lucian did not seem pleased with that answer. “Is that really who you think | am?” he asked.
Roxanne pulled away from his embrace and met his eyes before explaining, “I just think you were very attractive when you analyzed the situation for me just now. It felt like your true self.”
If not for Lucian's ruthless ways and sharp business acumen, the Farwell family wouldn't be enjoying their current success. However, not only was Roxanne not afraid, but she was also hoping to learn from Lucian.
Besides, what shocked her most about Jack was the savage way in which he tore apart the agreement and the vehemence of his reaction.
She trusted that Lucian would never act in the same way.
After hearing the woman's heartfelt praise for him, Lucian pulled her toward him and planted a gentle kiss on the back of her hand. “I think you're really adorable when you're being serious,” he said in a deep voice.
Roxanne smiled faintly and continued to express her true thoughts. “Actually, | was quite scared that Jack would turn violent when he was ripping up the agreement just now, but when | remembered that you're also here, | didn't feel that scared anymore.
Looking at the woman with a deep gaze, Lucian promised solemnly, “I will always protect you.” The two of them looked at each other and smiled.
Seconds later, Roxanne started feeling troubled over the discussion with Jack earlier that had gone south.
“| have already made a compromise, but it seemed like that was still not enough for the Damaris family. It's highly likely that they wouldn't want to proceed with the collaboration...”
It would be a problem for the research institute if that were really the case. Moreover, Roxanne had started doubting herself after Jack's questioning earlier.
With a sense of unease, she asked Lucian nervously, “Did | really burn bridges by doing what | did just now? But it was Jack who had come up with the idea previously.”
The man stroked Roxanne's head and said reassuringly, “The two of you had never agreed on that. It's clear that Jack had wanted to take advantage of you right from the start. Otherwise, he wouldn't have suggested an equal split of profits in the first place.”
It was a standard practice in the industry that the party who owned the technology would hold the majority share.
It was impossible for Jack to be unaware of it.
He had simply intended to exploit Roxanne, knowing that she was inexperienced in the area.
After hearing that, Roxanne finally knew how clueless she was. With understanding dawning on her, she said, “So that means he
might be trying to obtain confidential information when he stepped past me and tried to establish rapport with the employees previously...” 
###Chapter 1544
Chapter 1544
Chapter 1544 Pure Intentions
Roxanne could not help but feel relieved at that realization.
She was glad that she had kept her guard up against Jack the whole time. Also...
“Luckily, | had asked for your advice earlier. Otherwise, it's very likely that | would have fallen into Jack's trap.”
The woman flashed a grateful smile at Lucian, who could not be happier that she had finally seen Jack's true colors. “You can consult me anytime you want. | won't charge you for it,” Lucian said with a suggestive look in his eyes.
A blush spread across Roxanne's cheeks when she realized what he meant, and she pushed him away at once.
Looking at the woman's shy expression, Lucian smiled. Not wanting to embarrass her further, he changed the topic to something more serious.
“It could be a good thing if Damaris Group really decides not to go ahead with the collaboration. Although it's true that their herbs are of a higher quality than what the others have in the market right now, those are, after all, still normal herbs without any special medicinal properties. Even without the Damaris family, the research institute can still acquire good-quality herbs at a higher price from other medicinal herb companies to manufacture the drug. That way, the issue regarding the supply of herbs would be solved.”
The moment Lucian started discussing serious matters, Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and listened attentively.
“As for sales channels, that's even less of a problem. Most medicinal herb companies have online sales platforms and a regular customer base. As long as you have a good product, people would naturally buy it. If you are still worried, | can get Farwell Group's technology department to build a specialized online medical sales platform for you.”
Roxanne was moved upon hearing that.
It was well known that Farwell Group's technology team was one of the best in the world. Roxanne felt that it would be a waste of talent to get them to create the sales platform for her.
She smiled at Lucian appreciatively and replied, “Got it. If Damaris Group refuses to accept our proposal, | will just look for another company to collaborate with.”
Lucian spoke again after that. “However, if the collaboration with the Damaris family fails, all the hard work that you've put into establishing a good relationship with them might go to waste.”
Taking a pause, he continued in a solemn tone, “I know that the reason you started joining those medical consultations was because of your interest in the Damaris family's ancient medical arts. If your relationship with them falls apart, all your efforts would come to naught.”
At the mention of her original intention for approaching the Damaris family, Roxanne fell into a slight daze. “But before that, I've always thought that their intentions were pure and that they truly cared about advancing medical treatment and care for patients...”
She had just recognized that the Damaris family was not as altruistic as she had thought in the face of profit. In fact, their business was way more commercialized than she had expected.
Rubbing the back of Roxanne's hand, Lucian said casually, “If you think it's a pity, you can always make a further compromise. You would just be making less money. You can treat it as paying tuition fees to the Damaris family. Just let me know if you need extra funding for the research.”
Even though Roxanne was still feeling upset over the fact that the Damaris family was not who she had imagined them to be, she could not help but be amused by the man's words.
“What do you take me for? I'm indeed very curious about the Damaris family's ancient medical arts, but I've also found out that their medical skills are not omnipotent in this period of time. Truth is, all of us possess different capabilities. If | really don't get to learn from them, | can further advance my own skills, which might be even better.”
Roxanne looked up at Lucian and continued with a serious expression, “Besides, I'm responsible for the benefits of the staff at the research institute. | have to make sure that they get what they deserve for their hard work and not shortchange them because of my personal motives.” 
###Chapter 1545
Chapter 1545
Chapter 1545 Just Like The First Time After another round of discussions, both of them decided that they could give in more.
Roxanne then sent Jack a message, indicating to him that she was willing to give up three more percent. If Damaris Group found it unacceptable, they would have no choice but to cancel the collaboration.
However, she didn't receive a response despite waiting for a long time. Since it was noon and there was nothing much to do, Lucian decided to take Roxanne out for lunch.
Seemingly to make up for the disappointment last time, Lucian made reservations for Horington's best restaurant, where he ordered the couple's set on purpose.
Upon their arrival, both of them were ushered to their table by two members of the staff.
“Sir, I'm sorry, but we have run out of the drinks for the couple's set. May | know if you would like to switch to a different one or have a refund?” the waitress asked upon confirming their orders.
Roxanne was surprised to learn that Lucian had ordered the couple's set. She hadn't expected him to do something as childish as that.
Nonetheless, Lucian handed her the menu with an emotionless face. “Why don't you choose your own drink? Feel free to order more food, as | don't think the food included in the set is enough.”
Roxanne was too shy to maintain eye contact with him, so she pretended to calmly skim through the menu upon receiving it. The waitress couldn't help but comment, “Both of you look like a good match. You must have a wonderful relationship.”
While Lucian simply smile in response, the embarrassed Roxanne kept her head down in silence.
When the waitress saw their reaction, a sudden realization struck her.
Oh my God, it's Mr. Farwell and his ex-wife! They were the talk of the internet some time ago. Both of them look so much better in real life compared to their photos. Mr. Farwell is so handsome when he smiles, while his ex-wife is such a gentle person. And here they are, ordering a couple's menu. If it wasn't for Aubree Pearson, both of them wouldn't have divorced all those years ago.
“I'm done ordering.”
Oblivious to what was going through the waitress’ mind, Roxanne broke into a friendly smile when she saw the strange look on the former's face.
After taking the menu back in her hands, the waitress tried hard to maintain her composure as she turned around in awe. The ex-wife is so elegant and dazzling when she smiles. I'm surprised that someone so stunning actually exists!
Roxanne felt a little strange when she noticed the waitress walking away awkwardly. Nevertheless, she didn't think much of it as she turned her attention to Lucian.
“Weren't we supposed to have a casual lunch? Why—”
Lucian's eyes glistened with affection. “I didn't really know where to go, but after checking Instagram, | decided to take you here since this place seems to be popular with couples.”
Roxanne was touched by the look in his eyes.
Even though their children had grown up, she was still mesmerized by the man she was staring at. It felt just like how she had fallen in love with him the very first time.
“It's my fault that we missed out a lot six years ago. | want to try my best to make it up to you.”
In a deep voice, Lucian explained, “Even though | promised to pursue you again earlier, the amount of effort I've put in was pathetic. Come to think of it now, the reason you refused my marriage proposal might be because of my inadequate actions. Therefore, all | can do now is work harder.”
As Roxanne's eyes sparkled at his words, she felt the sudden urge to correct him.
However, after giving it some thought, she figured that the real reason she rejected the marriage proposal was obvious to both of them.
Cognizant that Lucian was just saying all that to excuse his behavior, Roxanne didn't expose him... 
###Chapter 1546
Chapter 1546
Chapter 1546 | Will Not Forget Your Presents
During lunch, Lucian worked hard to prove himself. He kept showering Roxanne with cringy sweet nothings, causing her to relish in the attention while feeling embarrassed at the same time.
Once they were done with their food, the waitress brought them some desserts. “These are on the house. We wish both of you a long and loving relationship!”
Seeing that, Roxanne thanked her.
Out of coincidence, there were three portions of the desserts.
“| wonder what the children are doing right now. Essie loves tiramisu.” Roxanne couldn't help but think of her three kids.
Lucian replied, “They're probably having their afternoon break right now. If you're worried about them, we can drop by the kindergarten to check and bring them these desserts.”
The thought of being able to see the children filled Roxanne with delight. “You took the words out of my mouth.”
With that, both of them got the service staff to pack the desserts before heading off to the kindergarten.
As they had given Pippa advance notice, they arrived to see her entering the break room with the children in tow. “Daddy, Mommy!”
Although the three kids were thrilled to see their parents, they kept their voices down in consideration of the other children who were napping.
Smiling at the sight of the children, Roxanne took her leave from Pippa before bringing the children back to their car.
“Mommy, what brings you here?”
Estella's eyes lit up the moment she saw the tiramisu.
As Roxanne opened it up for her attentively, she gave the latter's hair a tousle. “While we were out having lunch, the restaurant gave us these complimentary desserts. We decided to bring them to you since these are your favorite. Once you've finished, you can go back to your nap.”
Meanwhile, Lucian had unpacked the desserts for Archie and Benny.
Then, the three children wolfed the tiramisu down happily.
After giving Roxanne and Lucian a look each, Benny narrowed his eyes thoughtfully. “You have a good eye, Daddy. The cake is delicious!”
Lucian cocked a brow slightly. “We'll buy it more often since you like it so much.”
“Thanks, Daddy!” Benny expressed his gratitude in his childish voice.
As both of them chatted happily, Roxanne didn't even get the chance to join in.
“Do you still have any classes in the afternoon?” Lucian asked despite knowing the answer.
His father's intention wasn't lost upon Archie. “Mmm-hmm. There's a group activity in the afternoon which Ms. Ward says that we can't miss.”
Clueless as to where Lucian was going with the question, Roxanne was about to inquire when the former lamented, “I wanted to take all of you to the movies. But now, it's a shame you have an activity to attend instead.”
His words jolted Roxanne into wondering if she had made a mistake. Since when did | agree to go to the movies with him? “| have to—" She planned to return to the office in the afternoon.
With a face brimming with anticipation, Estella gave Roxanne's sleeve a tug. “Mommy, | want some new clothes. Remember to get me some!”
Faced with Estella's twinkling eyes, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to say no.
“Daddy, Archie's and my computers need upgrading too!”
Benny's eyes glistened mischievously as he seized upon the opportunity to commit daylight robbery. Lucian couldn't help but smile. “I know. | won't forget your presents.”
Thereafter, the children gave Roxanne looks that brimmed with anticipation.
Roxanne was left with no choice but to agree. “Remember to watch yourselves during the event. There will be no presents for you if you get hurt.”
Her agreement filled the children with jubilation. 
###Chapter 1547
Chapter 1547
Chapter 1547 Dreaming Of Her After the children finished their desserts, Roxanne led them back into the kindergarten.
When she returned to the car and saw Lucian's nonchalant expression, she couldn't resist asking, “Since when did | agree to go to the movies with you in the afternoon?”
Throwing her a glance, Lucian replied matter-of-factly, “I'm sorry that | took the liberty to decide on your behalf. Otherwise, you wouldn't have agreed.”
Having her exact thoughts read, Roxanne averted her gaze. She could roughly guess that from Lucian's perspective, the entire day was meant to be a date. However, it just felt too sudden for her.
When she didn't say anything in reply, Lucian's eyes darkened. “We can watch it another day if you're upset about it. As for the children's gifts, I'll get them in the afternoon.”
Detecting the disappointment in his voice, Roxanne quickly shook her head with a smile. “It's not that. | just thought that | should've dressed up for the occasion.”
No sooner had the words left her mouth than Lucian gave her an affectionate look. “That's not necessary. You always look gorgeous to me.”
His romantic words caused Roxanne's cheeks to blush.
“Even the waitress couldn't stop gawking at you earlier,” Lucian teased as he started driving. Roxanne retorted, “You're the one she was ogling at. | didn't even put on any makeup today.” On working days, she would wear little to no makeup and dress as simply as possible.
If it wasn't for Lucian, she would probably not be allowed into the restaurant earlier.
In response to her complaint, Lucian teased her back, “Are you jealous, Ms. Jarvis?” Looking out the window, Roxanne caught her breath when she heard the words.
When she remained silent, the smiling Lucian stopped pulling her leg and continued driving instead. “The movie is in the evening, so let's go shopping for the children's gifts first.”
Roxanne nodded in agreement.
After parking their car, both of them took the elevator into the mall.
As they walked into the building, Roxanne couldn't help but recall how Lucian coaxed her into buying matching outfits together with Estella the last time.
Just as Lucian was about to get her opinion about something, he noticed the distracted look on her face and asked, “What's on your mind?”
Regaining her senses, Roxanne broke into a melancholic smile. “The last time we were here. Essie and | bought matching outfits. Back then—”
“Back then, | was aware of your relationship with her, and Essie wanted a mother. However, | didn't tell her about it because | assumed that you had abandoned her. All | could do was help her fulfill her wish, and fortunately, you were kind enough to play along.”
Lucian spoke in a regretful tone as he finished her sentence candidly.
The mention of Estella's history triggered a sense of sorrow in Roxanne. “There's no way | could ever cast her aside. Throughout the years, I've been yearning for her even in my dreams.”
Furrowing her brows, she raised her gaze to look at Lucian. “I wonder who it was that was so cruel to break us, mother and daughter, apart. This same person caused me to believe that Essie died the day she was born!”
When he saw the pain and hatred in Roxanne's eyes, Lucian pulled her into his embrace as he consoled her, “Il was under the wrong impression all this while. Now that | know the truth, I'll do my best to find that person!”
Finally, Roxanne managed to calm down when she sensed Lucian's steady breath. 
###Chapter 1548
Chapter 1548
Chapter 1548 Which One Do You Want “If | knew this place would remind you of the past, | would have brought you to a different mall.” Lucian's eyes brimmed with regret.
Once Roxanne calmed down, she slowly came out of his embrace while wearing a smile. “I was just a little sad but am fine now. Now that Essie and | have been reunited, I'll make up for everything that | failed to give her!”
Nodding slightly, Lucian grabbed her hand and clasped her fingers so tightly that she couldn't leave. “Me too. I'll double my efforts in making it up to all of you.”
The conviction in his eyes moved Roxanne and broadened the smile on her face. As there was still time to spare before the movie, both of them went window-shopping level by level. When they arrived at the entrance of a men's boutique, Roxanne stopped subconsciously when she saw the outfits inside.
Noticing that it was a men's boutique upon trailing her gaze, Lucian suddenly felt upset.
“Who are you buying them for?” | know all the men in her life, while I'm standing right beside her. So, who is she intending to buy an outfit for? As his voice jolted her back to her senses, Roxanne turned to look at him.
The moment their eyes met, Lucian saw bliss gradually take over the regret in her eyes. Moved by the sight, he felt a growing sense of affection melt away his initial displeasure.
With a slight curl to her lips, Roxanne explained softly, “Do you know that six years ago, | would imagine you wearing those clothes each time | pass by a men's boutique while shopping?”
Roxanne gushed like a schoolgirl when she brought the matter up.
Throwing the mannequin in the shop window a glance, she spoke confidently. “I feel that you'll look better than the mannequin in that outfit!”
Watching how Roxanne was reminiscing about the past, Lucian suddenly felt as if he was lost in time, causing him to tighten his grip on her hand.
Stung by the sudden pain, Roxanne knitted her brows quizzically.
Just when she was about to ask Lucian what happened, he drag her inside the boutique.
“Hello, how may | help you? Feel free to let me know what you're looking for, and I'll do my best to provide recommendations.” When the sales attendant saw the distinguished couple walk in, she welcomed them warmly.
Realizing that Lucian was holding her hand tightly in public, the embarrassed Roxanne tried to struggle free, but the former would have none of it.
With a slight curl to her lips, Roxanne explained softly, “Do you know that six years ago, | would imagine you wearing those clothes each time | pass by a men's boutique while shopping?”
“You have a good figure, so there's no need to be particular about the cut. These are our most popular designs this season. You're welcome to try them on if you like.”
The sales attendant showed off the outfits politely. However, Lucian turned to Roxanne and asked in a deep voice, “Which one do you want me to try?”
His words briefly stunned the sales attendant. Holding her tongue prudently, she walked to Roxanne's side upon learning who the decision maker was.
“You're really blessed to have a husband who takes your fashion advice. It's clear that you have a keen eye for both men and clothes alike!”
The sales attendant's flattery naturally pleased Lucian. As for Roxanne, she was still lost in a daze. Is Lucian... trying to make it up to me because of what | said earlier?
She had no doubt he would keep his word but was still surprised by the granularity of his actions, where a casual yet melancholic mention elicited a response from him.
“Bring me what the mannequins are wearing in my size. | want to try them,” Lucian answered on the tongue-tied Roxanne's behalf. 
###Chapter 1549
Chapter 1549
Chapter 1549 Gifts Only then did Roxanne return to her senses.
The sales attendant smiled and said, “I don't think that's necessary. You have the same figure as the mannequin. If you don't mind, you can just try on those clothes.”
In response, Lucian turned around to seek Roxanne's opinion as though he were seeking his wife's approval.
Seeing that, the sales attendant followed suit and waited for Roxanne's response respectfully.
Roxanne only realized what was going on seconds later. When she did, she flashed a faint smile and nodded.
The sales attendant then quickly went to fetch the clothes and ask another sales attendant to bring Lucian to the fitting room before leading Roxanne to browse the rest of the outfits in the store. As they were browsing, the sales attendant introduced all the premium suits to Roxanne and paid attention to the time Roxanne took to inspect each suit.
Soon, Lucian came walking out of the fitting room in a gray shirt and a black suit. Needless to say, he looked dashing.
Before he even checked himself out in the mirror, he went straight to Roxanne and asked, “How does this look? Does it suit me?”
At that moment, Roxanne was still browsing around with the sales attendant. She then turned around the second she heard Lucian's voice.
At that very second, Roxanne was mesmerized. Although it has been so many years, it seems like Lucian hasn't changed one bit. In fact, he looks even more attractive now. | can't take my eyes off him...
“Is it not as good as you expected it to be?” With a frown and a helpless expression on his face, Lucian turned around to ask the staff to bring him something else.
Only then did Roxanne snap back to her senses and praised with a smile, “You look even more handsome than | imagined. The clothes suit you.”
The sales attendant next to her chimed in, “Sir, the suit fits you like a glove!”
Upon getting praised by Roxanne, Lucian nodded in satisfaction and said to the staff, “Please wrap this up. I'm going to try on the others.”
In other words, he wanted to try on all the clothes the sales attendant had brought over to him.
“Are you going on a shopping spree?” Roxanne was surprised by those words. Lucian's closet is filled to the brim! Why is he buying so many?
“Didn't you say you wanted to see me in these? I'll try on all of them,” Lucian answered matter-of-factly. Roxanne merely stared at the person in front of her blankly because she was so touched that she was at a loss for words.
The sales attendant then brought a few more suits forward and said to Lucian, “When | was browsing with your lady just now, she seemed to have an interest in these few pieces.”
“Is it not as good as you expected it to be?” With a frown and a helpless expression on his face, Lucian turned around to ask the staff to bring him something else.
Roxanne turned toward the sales attendant when she heard that. Well, those few pieces really caught my attention just now. | didn't say anything though, did I? How did the sales attendant know?
Upon noticing Roxanne's confusion, the sales attendant smiled sweetly and uttered, “You spent more time looking at these few pieces just now.”
As soon as those words fell, Lucian spoke before Roxanne could respond. He said, “You're a talented sales person!” With that, Lucian nodded at the staff and said, “Please wrap all of these up.”
Realizing that they were dealing with a big customer, the two sales attendants were over the moon. However, they kept their emotions to themselves.
Roxanne couldn't help but feel troubled when she saw the bags of clothes. Lucian saw the odd look on her face and asked caringly, “What's the matter? Don't you like them?” Roxanne shook her head and approached him before whispering awkwardly, “All these clothes are beyond my budget...”
In response, Lucian lifted his brow in confusion. As soon as he figured out what she meant, he smiled and replied, “These clothes are mine. Why would | want you to pay?”
Roxanne then frowned and protested, “I want to buy them for you, though...”
“What's the matter? Don't you like them?” 
###Chapter 1550
Chapter 1550
Chapter 1550 Not Enough Just as she finished talking, Roxanne turned to cast the sales attendant nearby an embarrassed glance.
Naturally, the sales attendant heard what Roxanne said, but she merely smiled politely at her without saying a word. Lucian had an affectionate look in his eyes when he saw Roxanne getting anxious.
A few moments later, the staff approached them with the wrapped-up clothes.
Lucian took the bags and said to Roxanne, “I'll pay for these. You'll just have to pay for the suit I’m wearing, Roxanne.” With that, he smiled and waited for Roxanne’s reply.
Six years ago, Roxanne regretted not buying clothes for Lucian. Since he was giving her a chance to make it up to him, she readily agreed.
Lucian wanted to continue trying on the other clothes, but Roxanne immediately stopped him. “That’s enough...”
Roxanne then glanced at the sales attendant embarrassingly before whispering, “You'll still have to wear the ones in the bags. We can check them out by then.”
Lucian seemed dissatisfied after not being able to try on the clothes for Roxanne there and then. He only nodded after plunging into silent contemplation for a moment.
The couple then went to the counter. After exiting the men’s boutique, Lucian wanted to take Roxanne to shop for her clothes.
“You've already bought so many for me...” Roxanne rejected his offer hastily. | don’t know when did Lucian shop for me, but when | arrived at the Farwell residence, half of the clothes in the closet happened to be mine! Those clothes are new, and they seem expensive.
Roxanne was accustomed to performing experiments in her white coat. Hence, she wasn’t used to wearing colorful and fancy clothes.
“| don’t need that many. | only need a couple of gowns in the closet,” she said.
In response, Lucian hugged her from behind and whispered into her ear, “You don’t need much now, but | think you're going to need more as Mrs. Farwell.”
It was safe to say that Lucian could only use gifts to make up for the damage he had done six years ago. Also, that was the only way he could show the public his love for Roxanne.
Furthermore, having her wear all the clothes he bought for her was a way to show the world she was his woman.
Sensing his insistence, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to refuse him again. I've only worn a few pieces of clothing in the closet. If he were to buy me more, it would really be a waste of money.
Lucian held her hand and brought her upstairs to shop for her clothes without leaving her any room for argument. Comparably, it was a lot easier when it came to buying clothes for Roxanne.
Lucian merely glanced at the clothing in the store and made his decision decisively. He didn’t even need Roxanne to try on the clothes he picked out for her. Instead, he told the staff to wrap up all the new arrivals and send them to his car.
Since they still had time on their hands, they continued shopping for the kids.
It was easy to shop for Archie and Benny. Again, Lucian bought the latest Apple and added on all sorts of accessories. Estella’s clothes, on the other hand, were handpicked by Roxanne.
Initially, Lucian thought it would be enough to buy Estella a couple of pieces of clothing.
However, Roxanne felt she needed to make it up to Estella for those years she missed out on her life. Since | can buy things for her now, | should do whatever needs to be done to make her happy. Besides, Essie would have fewer clothes than me if we were to only buy a couple of pieces for her. How could | let that happen? 
###Chapter 1551
Chapter 1551
Chapter 1551 Watching Us Roxanne and Lucian practically went into all the stores in the mall.
Meanwhile, Shawn was sitting at a table by the window in a restaurant neither Roxanne nor Lucian paid attention to. With a meaningful look in his eyes, Shawn was watching the couple intently. If | remember correctly, the woman next to Lucian is the legendary Roxanne Jarvis. Isn’t she Lucian’s ex-wife?
Suddenly, a man approached Shawn respectfully and sat down opposite him. Shawn turned toward the man and asked ina deep voice, “What have you found? Who exactly is that woman?”
Shawn's assistant whipped out a document and handed it to Shawn.
“Based on the investigation, Lucian’s ex-wife suddenly left him six years ago. She only returned to the country recently, but shortly after her return, she had already gotten entangled with Lucian. Besides, it seems like Lucian has been pestering her,” the assistant reported.
Asparkle of mischief glimmered in Shawn’s eyes when he heard those words, and he stared morosely at Roxanne, who was nearby. “Her? She isn’t too shabby, but there are plenty of beautiful girls around Lucian. Why is Lucian pestering her?”
Indeed, Lucian didn’t seem like a man who would be all over a girl.
“Ms. Jarvis is Harvey Lambert's finest disciple. After she returned to the country, she became a person in charge at one of Harvey's research institutes and took up quite a few projects. Besides, she stole the limelight during the Damaris family’s medical consultation. She has great accomplishments in the medical field,” the assistant elaborated.
As soon as those words fell, Shawn narrowed his eyes and cast Roxanne a scrutinizing gaze. It sounds like this woman is definitely more capable than Aubree.
With that in mind, Shawn licked his lips excitedly and looked at Roxanne curiously. | wonder what this woman tastes like. Wait... She has a few kids with Lucian, right? I’m not interested in going after something Lucian has used.
Shawn retracted his gaze from Roxanne and asked his assistant, “What else?”
The assistant hesitated for a moment before answering in an uncertain tone, “I heard that Ms. Jarvis’ research institute is currently working with Damaris Group. They seem to have jointly developed a special drug for cancer treatment, which has already achieved significant results. | can’t be sure because the information is confidential. However, if what | heard is true, the drug is going to be the world’s first. Hence, they’re going to get filthy rich.”
Just as he ended his sentence, the assistant saw his superior smiling meaningfully. In response, the assistant cast Shawn a confused look.
Shawn's eyes were filled with mockery when he said, “I was wondering if Mr. Farwell would really fall head over heels for a woman. But now, that’s clearly not the case. Mr. Farwell is just taking advantage of that woman so that he can take control of the new drug. With Farwell Group's current capability, they'll surely monopolize the market for the new drug. By then, I’m sure the company is going to make a fortune!”
Realization dawned on the assistant after he heard what Shawn said. That's the difference between me and the rich men. These men are all dating to make money! No wonder I’m still not one of them.
Shawn retracted his gaze after he watched Lucian and Roxanne exit the children’s clothing store and enter the elevator. “I’ve seen enough. Let's go. It’s time to make our moves,” he said to his assistant.
The assistant instantly knew what Shawn meant and hummed an acknowledgment.
The two men then left the restaurant, one after another.
At the same time, Roxanne was frowning and trying hard to recall what happened when she was shopping moments prior. Lucian saw the strange look on her face, so he asked caringly, “Are you feeling exhausted?”
Roxanne shook her head and cast Lucian an uneasy look. “I felt someone was watching us earlier.” 
###Chapter 1552
Chapter 1552
Chapter 1552 A Movie Date Lucian slightly furrowed his brows and glanced at his phone. Nothing seems to be going on.
“Are you sure?” he asked Roxanne.
Roxanne hesitated before shaking her head. “Maybe it was just my imagination. Now that | think about it, | don’t think anything weird has happened.”
Lucian embraced her and reassured her in a deep voice, “If you feel something is wrong, tell me. Don’t be afraid. I’m with you, and I'll never let anything bad happen to you.”
In response, Roxanne smiled and leaned against his chest. Soon, the elevator arrived at the top floor of the mall, and Lucian brought Roxanne into the movie theater.
Roxanne thought they had to go to the counter to get their tickets. However, she saw Lucian walking straight toward the entrance of the movie hall and said something to the usher before turning back to wait for her.
She froze for a few seconds before she followed behind him. “Don’t we need to get tickets?”
The usher nearby smiled and explained, “This gentleman has already booked an entire movie hall for the evening. Please inform us whenever you wish to start watching the movie.”
Once again, Roxanne was stunned. Before she could regain her senses, Lucian had already led her into the movie hall. Obviously, they were the only ones in the hall.
The moment they sat down, the staff started serving them drinks and snacks. One of them even asked the couple if they were ready to start watching the movie.
Instead of answering the question, Lucian glanced at Roxanne and signaled to the staff to ask her for her opinion.
In an instant, Roxanne felt as though she had just teleported back to the men’s boutique.
Fortunately for her, the staff wasn’t as enthusiastic and talkative as the sales attendant in the boutique.
In an awkward tone, she said, “Please start the movie now.”
The staff nodded and left the movie hall.
Moments later, the screen in the movie hall lit up, and the movie started playing.
Before noon, Roxanne didn’t even know they were going to a movie, let alone what movie Lucian would take her to see. Therefore, she was filled with anticipation when she saw the movie’s opening sequence.
Meanwhile, Lucian was staring at her intently to find out if she liked it.
Apparently, it was a romance film with a medical theme.
Although Roxanne appreciated Lucian’s gesture for picking such a film, she couldn’t help but feel less interested after seeing the theme of the movie.
“If you don’t like it, | can get them to change the movie.”
Lucian’s voice sounded beside her ears.
“That’s not necessary. Let's just watch it.” Roxanne returned to her senses and smiled. It has been such a wonderful date. | wouldn't want to ruin it for Lucian.
At the same time, she was also keeping something else from him to protect his feelings. Now that he has reserved the entire movie hall, it lacks the atmosphere of a proper movie date.
The movie started, and Roxanne was watching the movie and talking to Lucian about the scenes that involved medical knowledge.
Naturally, Lucian was listening to her intently.
Roxanne didn’t know if the scenes were too foolish or if she was influenced by how Lucian was listening attentively to her explanations, but she felt annoyed as the movie went on. What is all this? Why is the movie spreading false medical information? Are they trying to fool the public?
Frustrated, Roxanne gave up explaining and clarifying the scenes. Instead, she just munched on the popcorn. Although the movie is bad, the popcorn is amazing!
After the movie, they went to their car and drove home. When they were on their way home, Lucian asked in a puzzled tone, “Did the movie show a lot of mistakes? If needed, | can either pull it from release or pay the director to shoot the movie all over again.” 
###Chapter 1553
Chapter 1553
Chapter 1553 Did Daddy Take Care Of You Roxanne was merely annoyed while watching the film earlier. Now that they exited the movie theater, she thought she was. blowing things out of proportion earlier.
“No, it’s just that my occupational disease is acting up. It’s good enough that the plot of the movie was well-defined. There’s no need to dwell on such minor details.”
Lucian, however, still seemed a little apologetic. “I thought you'd like such genres. I'll change to something else next time.”
As if a sudden thought popped into her head, Roxanne teased, “Then let’s watch something related to trade wars next time. | look forward to Mr. Farwell giving me a lesson too.”
Lucian’s eyes darkened upon seeing how she had taken the initiative to joke with him. Without hesitation, he agreed, “Sure. I'll accompany you as long as you want.”
His decisiveness left Roxanne feeling somewhat guilty. “Well, forget it. Once is enough for such an unpleasant experience. Let’s change to something unrelated to our profession next time...”
At that, Lucian lifted his gaze and glanced at her through the rearview mirror. As their eyes met, they shared a smile.
It was already nine at night when they arrived back at the manor.
The two headed inside the mansion with multiple bags in their hands.
Meanwhile, the three kids, who had been home since Cayden sent them back earlier, had their minds focused on their gifts and waited patiently for the entire night.
The moment Lucian and Roxanne stepped into the house, the kids flocked toward them excitedly. “Daddy! Mommy!”
With Lucian carrying almost all of the bags, Roxanne, with her empty hands, bent down and rubbed the kids’ heads adoringly with a smile. “Have you all been good at home? Did you all listen to Ms. Catalina?”
The kids exclaimed in unison, “Of course, we are! We even helped Ms. Catalina prepare meals!”
The smile on Roxanne’s face grew wider when she heard those words.
“Mommy, where are the presents for us?”
Benny stared at Roxanne expectantly, to which she lifted her head and directed her gaze toward Lucian.
In response, he gave Benny’s chubby cheeks a pinch before he gestured with his chin and remarked, “They're on the couch. Go and open them yourselves.”
Sounds of cheers erupted among the three kids, and they scampered toward the couch at once. Within seconds, the stuff on the couch turned into a mess because of the kids’ rummaging.
Roxanne had no choice but to go over and help them out.
“Yay! It’s the latest Apple!”
Benny's eyes were sparkling as he shared his joy with Archie enthusiastically.
At that point, Archie had also found his present. It was the same as Benny’s but in a different color. Like Benny, Archie was also immensely thrilled. Not forgetting to express his gratitude, he turned behind to look at Lucian and said, “Thank you, Daddy and Mommy!”
Lucian nodded lightly. “I’m glad that you all like it.”
“Wow! So many dresses! | love them!” Estella’s soft and adorable voice rang out from one side.
With an eyebrow quirked, Lucian looked at Estella and said, “Mommy specially picked them for you.”
Estella endearingly wrapped her arms around Roxanne’s neck and planted her lips on the latter's cheek. “Thank you, Mommy! | love Mommy the most!”
Estella’s sweet and lovely behavior instantly made Roxanne’s heart melt into mush. “I love you too, Essie.”
“Mommy, did Daddy take good care of you today?” Estella asked with a straight face, almost as though she was ready to reprimand Lucian right away if Roxanne gave no as her answer.
To that, Roxanne and Lucian exchanged glances. The man was undoubtedly amused. This little girl is now trying to poke her nose in my matters, huh?
Nonetheless, after thinking carefully about it, Lucian figured that Estella was on Roxanne’s side and ultimately did not say anything. Instead, he even put on a cooperative posture.
“He has been taking great care of me.”
The imposing presence of the father and daughter duo left Roxanne torn between amusement and exasperation. Without a choice, she could only coax Estella first while she reproachfully glared at Lucian. 
###Chapter 1554
Chapter 1554
Chapter 1554 Glad That You Know Lucian met Roxanne’s gaze calmly. An accusatory look danced past his eyes, almost like he wanted to tell on her.
Roxanne retracted her gaze in annoyance and leaned over to carry Estella up. “Come on. I'll bring you upstairs to try on the dresses.”
Estella reached out and held onto Roxanne tightly. Just as the two turned and strode toward the stairs, a commotion resounded from upstairs. “You guys better be careful. Don’t break or drop anything.” Sonya’s slightly displeased voice rang in everyone’s ears.
Puzzled, Roxanne lifted her gaze, only to find several housekeepers moving many bags down under Catalina’s instructions while Sonya followed behind, with displeasure written all over her face.
When Sonya saw Lucian, Roxanne, and the kids downstairs, her expression darkened even more.
Roxanne carefully put Estella back on the couch, then whipped her head around to look at Lucian with a questioning look, seemingly asking him what the situation was about.
Lucian shifted his gaze onto Sonya and asked, “Mom, why are you moving back at such a late time? Can’t you move back tomorrow?”
Sonya responded with a cold snort. “I bet you can’t wait for me to move out! I’m just an eyesore to all of you here!”
After saying all that, she swept her gaze across the bags of gifts on the couch. As she spotted several bags with familiar brand packaging, she immediately shot Roxanne a ferocious glare.
All these are new clothing! Lucian must've paid for everything! This woman bears to let my son fork out so much money when they aren’t even married. Wouldn't things only become worse in the future?
Sonya’s burning gaze was so intense Roxanne could sense it, but her voice stuck in her throat.
Fortunately, Lucian stood up for her and explained, “Roxanne bought me many clothes. I’m gifting her a few pieces in return.” A tinge of guilt rose within Roxanne when she heard the man’s explanation.
| only bought him the shirt that he’s wearing right now. How did he make it sound like I’ve bought him everything here?
Of course, Sonya did not believe her son’s words, but she did not say more and merely let out a derisive snort as she did not want to waste her breath arguing with him. “It’s not like I’ve followed behind the two of you. How will | know who fork out money to buy all this stuff? You two can say whatever pleases you, isn’t it?”
Finishing her sentence, she returned her gaze to the housekeepers and ordered, “Hurry up. You all will hold up Mr. and Mrs. Farwell’s rest time if this drags on any longer.”
As much as Sonya had used “Mrs. Farwell” to address her, Roxanne could tell that the former was merely trying to be sarcastic. At the same time, she was also attributing her moving out to Roxanne.
As that realization dawned upon Roxanne, her expression changed drastically. Then again, considering that Sonya was about to move out, she did not make a scene and instead went up to Sonya and attempted to grab the bag from her.
“Mrs. Farwell, let me carry it for you.”
Sonya avoided her hand in exaggeration. “How will | dare trouble you to do something like this? Lucian will probably throw me out of the Farwell main residence if | were to do that.”
Roxanne’s body stiffened almost instantly.
Sensing Sonya’s hostility, the three kids quickly rushed to Roxanne to protect her.
Sonya threw a quick look at Estella and snickered coldly. “Estella doesn’t even acknowledge me as her grandmother now. | wonder if | still have a say in this household!”
Unable to hold it in anymore, Roxanne said, “Don’t say that, Mrs. Farwell. As long as | haven’t gotten your approval, | will remain an outsider to the Farwell family. So, there’s no doubt you have the final say in this household. If there is anyone who doesn’t have a say here, that person will definitely be me.”
“Glad you know that! Don’t you dare assume I’m leaving because I’m afraid of you!” Roxanne pursed her lips without saying another word.
With his brows tightly scrunched together, Lucian went up to pat her shoulders affectionately before following Sonya out. 
###Chapter 1555
Chapter 1555
Chapter 1555 Do Not Take Them To Heart “Why did you come out?”
Upon seeing that Lucian had followed her out, Sonya thought that he wanted to apologize to her. After all, it was truly ridiculous for him to give her the boot when she was his mother.
However, Lucian merely took the bag from her hand and placed it into the car for her. Then, he turned and regarded her in displeasure.
“I've told you that Roxanne is the wife | want. | hope you'll respect her accordingly, if only for my sake. | believe she also wishes for harmony in this family from the depths of her heart.”
His blatantly censuring tone made Sonya so livid that her face flushed bright red. “You want me to respect her? Who's going to respect me, then? My son kicked me out of the house late at night because of her, yet I’ve still got to pander to her?”
A frown marred Lucian’s countenance. “You've been living perfectly fine at the Farwell main residence, but you’ve just got to come to the manor and interfere in our lives. Besides, | merely suggested that you move back to the main residence. You were the one who chose to do so at this hour.”
In truth, he was very much surprised that his mother would move out of the manor in the middle of the night. Little had he expected that she would even use it as a pretext to pick fault with Roxanne. “How could you talk to me like this because of that woman?” Disbelief was written clearly in Sonya’s eyes.
At that, Lucian’s expression darkened further. “She has a name. Don't refer to her in such a manner anymore henceforth. The same goes for the boys.”
Sonya gaped at her son before her, a myriad of emotions brewing in her eyes.
Over the years, he’d never treated me like this, not even when | forced him to fulfill the marriage agreement between him and Aubree. Now that Roxanne is back, it’s as though he has turned into an entirely different person, not only does he have the guts to talk back against me but also admonishes me! Then, there’s Essie. In the past, she was greatly attached to me. Now, however, she’s also clinging to that woman. Hah! | reckon that woman must have bespelled both my son and granddaughter that they're perpetually taking her side!
As her thoughts went in that direction, her temper spiked.
When she again recalled that Roxanne’s pile of branded clothes was all bought with the Farwell family’s money, distress and vexation swamped her.
“You should set off now since you've decided to leave tonight itself. It’s late.”
After having made his stance clear, Lucian gentled his voice and opened the car door for her.
Sonya shot him a hard glare in fury but ultimately said nothing.
Fine, I'll put up with it today. But I'll never allow that woman to marry into the Farwell family easily!
“Drive safe,” Lucian said to the driver.
The driver murmured in acquiescence. Subsequently, he drove away slowly.
Lucian watched until the car disappeared from his line of sight before whirling around and going back into the mansion.
Right then, Roxanne was sitting in the living room with the three children while Catalina explained the chain of events that day to her at the side.
Catalina had no idea what had happened either. As soon as Sonya returned that day, the woman clamored about going back to the Farwell main residence and ordered Catalina to have someone help pack her luggage.
It went without saying that Catalina dared not defy her. While helping to pack her luggage, she listened to her veiled slurs. “Mrs. Farwell has left?”
At the sight of Lucian coming back into the house, Roxanne put that question to him.
Dipping his head a fraction, Lucian waved a hand at Catalina in dismissal. The latter promptly grasped his meaning and left.
“| was the one who told my mother to go back. She dragged her feet for two days, so | thought she didn’t want to do so. Never did | expect her to choose to leave at this hour. I’m sorry. Don’t take her words just now to heart. She was merely peeved that | didn’t allow her to continue living here.”
Lucian looked at Roxanne apologetically. Despite his words, Roxanne understood the meaning of Sonya’s remarks earlier all too well.
She forced a smile. “I know. | just hope she’s not mad at me.” 
###Chapter 1556
Chapter 1556
Chapter 1556 We Want To Learn Everything “Let's try on the clothes, Mommy!”
Noticing that her mother was in a bad mood, Estella tugged on Roxanne’s hand lightly.
Roxanne glanced down at her. Aware that her daughter wanted to divert her attention, she cooperatively nodded and went upstairs with the little girl.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny started studying the various functions of their laptops. “What would you two like to learn? | don’t mind teaching you.” Sitting down beside them, Lucian took the initiative to bond with them.
Archie and Benny were just about to log into their respective accounts. The instant they saw their father taking a seat by their side, they furtively stilled for fear of giving away their identities.
Archie put on an innocent expression. “What can you teach us, Daddy? We want to learn everything!” Taking the boys’ age into consideration, Lucian pondered for a while. Alas, he couldn’t think of anything suitable for them to learn.
But in the face of their eager gazes, coupled with the fact that he was the one who proposed it, he could only bite the bullet and declare, “I'll teach you some simple programming.”
Stealing a peek at his brother, Archie glimpsed the distinct reluctance in Benny's eyes. Undeniably, it was a veritable torture for a hacker ranked second in the world to begin learning from programming.
Unfortunately, Benny hadn't any choice but to feign anticipation and bob his head hard to keep their identities under wraps. “Thank you, Daddy!”
Inwardly breathing a sigh of relief, Lucian snagged one of the laptops over and started downloading the corresponding software. While he did that, Archie and Benny silently exchanged commiserating looks at the side.
“Well? Is Essie pretty?”
Out of the blue, Roxanne’s voice drifted into their ears.
Jolted out of their thoughts, Archie and Benny jerked their heads in the direction of the voice.
At once, they were greeted by the sight of Roxanne holding Estella’s hand, both of them wearing dresses of the same design. Estella even had a pair of petite wings at her back and appeared adorable, just like an angel.
Roxanne, on the other hand, wore a blue maxi dress looking beautiful and elegant.
Archie and Benny had long since been accustomed to their mother’s beauty. Finding their sister cute and unenthused about learning simple programming from their father, they instantly leaped off the couch and sprinted over to Estella.
“Essie is as pretty as a picture! Did you also look the same when you were little, Mommy?”
Curiosity was etched across Archie’s features. With that simple utterance, he complimented both his mother and sister. “Essie is lovely! Are the wings retractable?”
Conversely, Benny studied the wings at Estella’s back inquisitively.
Estella loved that design beyond words. As such, she swiftly hid behind Roxanne’s back upon seeing that her brother wanted to remove the wings.
However, Benny wasn’t willing to give up.
In no time, all three children were embroiled in a game of tag.
Roxanne watched them play with a smile on her lips, tenderness written all over her face.
“Ms. Estella, Mr. Archie, Mr. Benny, be careful...”
Soon, the children ran out of the mansion as they played. Worried, Catalina hurried after them. In a flash, the living room plunged into silence.
Only then did Roxanne notice the man sitting on the couch with a laptop in hand.
“What are you doing?”
She strolled over in curiosity, totally oblivious to the dark look in his eyes.
As Lucian sensed her approach, his Adam’s apple bobbed imperceptibly. In a deep voice, he replied, “Archie and Benny are very smart. Computer skills can be cultivated from a young age, so I’m planning to teach them personally.”
With the man’s back to her, Roxanne didn’t notice his odd demeanor. She sprawled over the back of the couch and pinned her eyes on the laptop screen.
Just when she was about to speak, Lucian suddenly lifted his hand and slammed the lid of the laptop shut. “What's wrong?”
She turned her head to him in puzzlement, but her lips were captured when she was mid-utterance. 
###Chapter 1557
Chapter 1557
Chapter 1557 Never Believe Him Again
The two of them had been apart for six years. After bumping into each other again, Roxanne had been averse to Lucian’s touch. Since she had finally accepted him, Lucian naturally yearned to make up for the past six years all at once.
He initially planned on giving her two days to recover, but he hadn’t expected her to be so enthralling that day.
Both her seriousness when she negotiated with Jack and the expression of her love for him while shopping tested his restraint tremendously.
The moment he saw her wearing the dress he personally picked earlier, his control slipped further.
The kiss lasted for so long that Roxanne was close to suffocating. That aside, she was afraid Catalina and the children would return without warning. Thus, she lifted her hands and shoved at him.
It wasn’t until then that Lucian dropped his hand from the back of her head and brushed his fingers across her lips. Roxanne backed away slightly. “What's with you?”
Clocking the intense love in his eyes, she inexorably recalled their passionate interlude the night before. Her heart immediately skipped a beat.
“Since Mr. and Mrs. Farwell have moved out, the guest room should be vacant today. I’ll go and change the sheets. I’ll take the guest room tonight!” she murmured guiltily.
After saying that, she spun around to make a run for it.
Verily, | can’t stand his stamina anymore!
Unexpectedly, Lucian stood up and scooped her up from behind in a bridal carry.
“Whoa!”
Gasping in fright, Roxanne instinctively lifted her hands and wrapped them around his neck.
In a voice that left no room for argument, Lucian stated, “Ever since you moved into the Farwell residence, I’ve never thought of having you stay in the guest room.”
Hearing the truth from him at long last, Roxanne was embarrassed and irked. But still, she kept the children in mind and protested softly, “Put me down! The kids will look for me when they come back in later!”
Nonetheless, Lucian remained unmoved. “Catalina will look after them. Back when you were away, she took great care of them.” “| still need rest!” Roxanne’s voice turned into a mere whisper.
At that remark, hesitation crept into Lucian’s eyes.
Consequently, a spark of hope rose within Roxanne.
In the next second, however, he started striding ahead as resolutely as ever.
“I'll be gentle.”
Roxanne’s face visibly fell.
If it were anyone else, I’d really hit him where it hurts. But then, this is Lucian...
Early the next morning, Roxanne’s waist was horribly sore when she woke up.
“You're awake?”
All of a sudden, Lucian’s slightly hoarse voice sounded beside her ear.
Roxanne was stunned for a few seconds before raising her eyes and casting her gaze over. At the sight of the indulgent smile on the man’s face, defiance blazed in her eyes.
Perceiving her resentment toward him, Lucian stretched his hands out and massaged her waist spontaneously. “I stopped when you fell asleep last night.”
Following that comment, Roxanne’s brows furrowed, and she sounded incredulous. “I passed out last night?” Right after that, her face flushed bright red. She furiously rolled over, loathed to face the man beside her anymore. Last night, | only passed out because he put me through the wringer. Yet, he’s feigning concern here! How hypocritical of him!
Lucian turned sullen. “It never crossed my mind that you'd be so tired. I'll definitely be more careful next time and allow you enough rest. I'll never again—”
Enduring the pain at her waist, Roxanne sat up from the bed. In a weak voice, she interrupted, “There’s no next time! | want to sleep in the guest room!”
I'll never believe him again, especially when we're in bed! Having finally had a taste of her, Lucian wouldn’t possibly allow her to escape him. But at the thought that he had indeed gone a tad too far last night, he could only relent smilingly.
“All right. You take the master bedroom while | take the guest room, okay? Quick, lie down and rest for a bit. I'll drive the kids to kindergarten. I'll be back before you know it.”
After he had said that, he carefully helped her lie back down. Then, he got up and took a shower. 
###Chapter 1558
Chapter 1558
Chapter 1558 Not The Time For A Falling Out
“Daddy!”
Downstairs, Catalina was serving the three children breakfast.
When the children saw that Lucian had come downstairs, they all greeted him in unison.
Subsequently, Estella asked morosely, “Where’s Mommy, Daddy? My dress is spoiled.”
Upon hearing that, Lucian scrutinized her with a frown.
Estella was wearing the dress Roxanne put on her last night, but the wings at the back had come off at some point in time. “Where are the wings?” he questioned in a baritone voice.
Wearing a recriminating expression, Estella turned to Benny beside her.
Benny proceeded to raise a hand apologetically. “I accidentally tore them off. I’m sorry. I'll help Essie fix them!” His voice dripped with remorse.
Patting Estella on the head in consolation, Lucian crouched and took a closer look at her dress.
He remembered that the wings at the back of her dress were indeed detachable.
Regretfully, he didn’t pay much attention to the actual mechanics of it.
After studying the dress for a long time, he stood up and declared, “It isn’t spoiled. The wings can still be reattached. But then, we've got no time for it now, so have your Mommy help to do it tonight.”
Estella eyed him dubiously.
Mild exasperation flooded Lucian when he saw that his daughter had so little faith in him.
Hmm, on second thought, she’s more attached to Roxanne, so this is nothing usual.
Hence, he nonchalantly changed the subject. “The clock is ticking. We're going to be late if we tarry any further.”
At once, all three children sped up.
After breakfast, Lucian drove them to kindergarten and gave Cayden a call before heading back to the manor.
To his surprise, Roxanne was already downstairs, eating breakfast with her brows knitted together when he returned. “Why didn’t you sleep in?”
Throwing a look at Catalina, he strode over to Roxanne and sat down beside her. He naturally placed his hands at her waist and started massaging with the perfect pressure.
As the pain at her waist subsided, Roxanne glowered at him in aggravation. “It’s not the weekend today, so I’ve still got to work.” Following the incident with Jack, she realized that she needed to interact more with the employees, especially right then. Otherwise, a single slip might result in Jack poaching them away. Consequently, it might lead to the core of the medicine’s research and development being leaked.
A frown marred Lucian’s countenance. “Jack has replied to you?”
At the mention of the man, a headache assailed Roxanne. “No. | think he’s reluctant to accept my terms.”
Judging from his attitude, he'll likely fight us to the bitter end. Anyway, the only repercussion for Damaris Group at the end of the day is making less money. Unlike them, we can’t sign a contract with other companies before Damaris Group breaches the agreement. Even when this batch of medicine is successfully developed, we won't be able to do anything with it.
The more she brooded over it, the more she felt that the situation was disadvantageous to them.
On the contrary, Lucian’s only concern was her health. “Since he hasn't come around, it’s okay if you don’t go to the research institute today. You might as well rest at home.”
However, Roxanne shook her head in disagreement and told him about her concerns.
“| can’t shake off the feeling that | can’t allow this matter to drag on. To this very day, the research institute hasn't found a suitable medicinal herbs supplier. As such, now isn’t the time to have a falling out with the Damaris family.”
At the sight of her in a bind, Lucian’s expression likewise turned somber. He had promised to teach her management, so it went without saying that he would do so wholeheartedly.
“The actual reason for curtailing the percentage of the Damaris family’s profits previously is to lower their expectations of the profit split. At the same time, when we make concessions later, it'll also reflect the research institute’s utmost sincerity.” 
###Chapter 1559
Chapter 1559
Chapter 1559 Wish Life Can Be Thus Every Day Roxanne listened to Lucian’s explanation intently.
Then, Lucian added, “All you need to do is stay firm on Jack’s bottom line, then raise the percentage of the profits bit by bit. If he really wants the profits, he'll definitely capitulate.”
After hearing that, Roxanne nodded in understanding. “I get it now.”
Lucian arched a brow. “As expected of the mistress of the Farwell family. You’re smart indeed.”
At his teasing, Roxanne feigned irritation and snapped her head back to order Catalina to help get the guest room ready. Alas, Catalina was nowhere to be seen.
“Who are you looking for?”
Lucian sounded as though he had seen through her entirely.
“Where's Catalina?” Roxanne huffed.
Sure enough, Lucian had anticipated that reply from her.
He regarded her in amusement. “Why would she be here when this is our time alone?”
Having said that, he increased the pressure of his massage. “Or do you want her to witness how | serve you?”
At his quip, Roxanne blushed bright red and lifted her hands to slap his away.
Aware of her intentions, Lucian apologized with a chuckle. “Okay, I’m sorry. | dismissed her because | knew that you're shy.” Only then did Roxanne’s expression ease.
Thereafter, Lucian questioned meaningfully, “I’m a pretty good advisor, huh? Are you not planning on thanking me when | taught you so much earlier?”
Roxanne promptly stilled imperceptibly. The instant she raised her eyes, she noticed that he was staring at her fixedly, his gaze blatantly roving over her lips.
Cottoning on to his intimation, she put down her fork in feigned calmness and asked in return, “Wasn't that what | deserved? I'd even passed out last night.”
At the mention of the events last night, Lucian tactfully put his bluster away. Smiling, he agreed, “Indeed, it was what | owed you. | misspoke again. But you’re worn out today. The matter with Jack can still be put off for a while. Just rest at home for a day if there’s nothing important.”
While speaking, he glanced at her waist worriedly.
His scrutiny made her both mortified and galled. Her waist truly ached, so she had no choice but to relent and rest at home first. Nonetheless, she felt bad at the thought of the employees at the research institute.
“Don’t you have to go to work?” she queried in bemusement, her gaze fixated on the man in front of her.
“Not today. I’m staying home to take care of you.”
Seeing that she had finished eating, Lucian leaned over and scooped her up. He headed upstairs right away.
Since Roxanne knew that her strength was no match for his and all struggles would be futile, she allowed him to do as he pleased.
He carried her all the way upstairs and placed her down carefully. Whirling around, he got her a ton of snacks and placed them at the head of the bed. On top of that, he thoughtfully poured her a glass of water.
Just when she thought he would go to the study to handle work matters, he flipped open the covers and snuggled in before reaching out and pulling her into his arms.
“Is it really fine that you’re not going into the office? And you don’t even need to settle some work matters online?” Roxanne was still a touch anxious.
However, Lucian merely hugged her and kissed the side of her neck. “Today, no work is as important as you. Back then, I'd already tired you out the whole night, and you even had to wake early to go to work. That was my mistake. I’m not going to repeat it again this time.”
Recalling her feelings when she woke up alone that morning, Roxanne contrasted that with the bliss of the man’s warm embrace then. Gradually, a smile bloomed on her face.
“How | wish life can be thus every day.”
The sensation of a soft body in his arms had Lucian uncontrollably tighten his arms around her. 
###Chapter 1560
Chapter 1560
Chapter 1560 Unavoidable Responsibility Roxanne allowed herself only a day of rest at home.
The following day, Lucian tried to persuade her to stay home, but she was hesitant. When she was about to give in, she received a call from Linda. “Dr. Jarvis, we have encountered some problems with Damaris Group. We might need your help to resolve them.”
Linda sounded serious. Roxanne’s expression, too, darkened. “What happened?” She could tell Jack might have lost his patience and thrown a fit.
Initially, she had intended to follow Lucian’s advice and give Jack the cold shoulder for a couple more days before discussing the distribution of profits with him.
To her surprise, Jack’s patience has worn thin much quicker than anticipated. Roxanne somehow knew what Linda was about to tell her.
“The medicinal herbs we use to develop our drugs have run out. When we reached out to Damaris Group for a restock, they refused to provide us with the necessary materials.” Linda, who did not participate in the negotiation between Roxanne and Jack, had no idea the two sides had parted on bad terms.
She was struck dumb when Damaris Group declined her request. That was why she immediately called Roxanne to ask for help after regaining her senses. Upon hearing that, Roxanne’s expression darkened slightly. “Do we not have any medicinal herbs left?”
Linda responded, “We do have some, but it’s only sufficient for small-scale production. However, since we've finished the product registration, we're preparing to start mass production. Therefore, the limited quantity we possess won't be enough. Moreover, we've already invested a substantial amount of money into the production workshop, so it won't be feasible for us to cover the costs in a short period of time. The scarcity of medicinal herbs will significantly impact our production, resulting in substantial losses to our business.”
In other words, they must get their hands on the medicinal herbs as soon as possible.
Once again, Roxanne’s expression darkened. After pondering for a while, she said, “Got it. I'll figure it out. As for the registration, find a way to delay the process while | try my best to solve the problem.”
Not knowing what had happened between then, Linda did what she was instructed.
Upon ending the call, a look of worry washed over Roxanne’s face.
The heated argument she had with Jack last time had created a difficult situation that needed to be resolved.
It was a problem worth contemplating, but time was not on her side.
“What kind of trick is Jack up to now?” Lucian was on the side listening to her phone call, and he vaguely heard that the problem was related to Damaris Group. It seems they had stopped supplying medicinal herbs to the research institute.
As soon as she heard his voice, Roxanne felt a sense of calm wash over her. She proceeded to share her thoughts with him and the unexpected situation. “I’m afraid Damaris Group has had it up to here with us.”
Lucian arched his eyebrows and embraced Roxanne to comfort her while analyzing the current situation in a deep voice. “Jack wants the money, but more importantly, he wants to get hold of the patent for this batch of medicine. Damaris Group is known for its medicines, so patents, to them, are more appealing than money.”
Roxanne nodded in agreement. “But | don’t understand why he does this to us. Isn’t he afraid of damaging Damaris Group’s reputation?”
The news of the medicine’s launch had spread like wildfire, and countless patients were eagerly waiting for it, hoping it would be a lifesaver.
However, Jack’s selfishness caused a delay in the launch.
If the public learned about this, it would deal a blow to Damaris Group’s reputation, as they had always claimed to be in the business of doing well by doing good.
Lucian’s eyes narrowed slightly. With a hint of indifference in his eyes, he uttered, “That's just how Jack is. He’s using this to pressure you into taking a stand. If the product’s release is delayed, it could result in negative public opinion. And this will reflect badly on the product, and your research institute will be held accountable for it.” 
###Chapter 1561
Chapter 1561
Chapter 1561 Being Too Kind To You Roxanne knitted her brows upon noticing the severity of the situation.
She no longer appeared as relaxed as she did yesterday. The research institute can’t sit here and do nothing. Patients can’t afford to wait any longer.
“I'm going to the research institute now.” She got up and went upstairs to change her clothes. Lucian decided to keep mum as he knew it was impossible to stop her.
When she came downstairs, he said, “I'll not go with you this time. I’ve explained the situation clearly, so you should know how to negotiate with him.”
Roxanne appreciated Lucian’s trust in her abilities. She responded with a grin. “Okay. I'll look into it myself.” Lucian nodded and added, “Call me if you need my help.” Roxanne hummed in acknowledgment before leaving the mansion.
Upon her arrival at the research institute, Roxanne spotted Linda anxiously waiting outside her office with her face filled with distress.
As soon as Linda saw Roxanne, she greeted her with eagerness, as if the savior had arrived. “Dr. Jarvis, what are we going to do now? The factory has been calling to inquire.”
The factory was ready for production, and they were just waiting for their registration qualifications and the necessary medicinal herbs.
However, they had received neither of them, leaving the project hanging.
Roxanne comforted her with a smile. ‘I'll talk to Mr. Damaris now. Don’t worry.”
Linda nodded and stepped aside.
After walking into her office, Roxanne’s expression slightly darkened. She then picked up the office phone and gave Jack a call. Jack deliberately took his time answering the call. “Ms. Jarvis, what's the matter?”
Roxanne said calmly, “Please let me know when you're available, Mr. Damaris. | wish to talk to you.”
Upon hearing her address him as Mr. Damaris, his face darkened, and his tone became increasingly cold and sarcastic. “What else is there to discuss between us, Ms. Jarvis? Didn’t we already make it clear during our last meeting? There are only two options available for Damaris Group and the research institute—either terminate the collaboration or increase Damaris Group's share.”
Roxanne lowered her eyes. “You're just pressuring me to accept the second option, Mr. Damaris.”
As soon as she finished speaking, she heard Jack snort coldly. “You reap what you sow, Ms. Jarvis. | wanted to have a heart-to- heart with you and reach a middle ground on the matter, but it seemed you'd decided to follow Mr. Farwell’s lead. While he might be a sharp businessman, he’s a fish out of water in the pharmaceutical industry.”
Roxanne’s expression changed, revealing a flicker of aversion towards Jack.
“Let's not drag anyone else into the discussion, Mr. Damaris. This is between you and me,” Roxanne said, attempting to divert to another topic. “May | know when it would be convenient for you to discuss the matter?”
Jack retorted, “Oh? Did Mr. Farwell come up with another brilliant idea?”
Roxanne pursed her lips before responding, “No one else is involved in this. It'll just be the two of us. I’m sure you’re aware that the ones who will bear the brunt of the postponement of the product lunch are the patients who rely on it.”
Jack finally agreed after hearing it would be just the two of them. “You're right, Ms. Jarvis. | don’t want the patients to suffer. Let’s meet at noon today!”
“Very well, I'll come and meet you,” Roxanne replied. Jack let out a baffling chuckle. “Of course. By right, you should have come to me the last time too. I’ve been too kind to you.” This statement unequivocally restored the two to their status as business partners.
Nevertheless, Jack pulled an attitude and sounded condescending. 
###Chapter 1562
Chapter 1562
Chapter 1562 A Changed Man It didn’t take long for Jack to send Roxanne the address of the meeting place.
She took a glance at the message and noticed that the place he had chosen was the cafe where they had a fight previously. | guess he’s trying to use the chance to humiliate me, huh?
If this had happened in the past, Roxanne would have rejected to meet with him without hesitation.
However, since she was at her wit’s end, she could only make the appointment on time.
When she arrived, Jack was already seated in the cafe, casually fiddling with the aroma lamp at the side.
He showed no response even when he saw Roxanne enter the cafe.
Roxanne lowered her eyes and greeted him, “Mr. Damaris.”
Looking as if he had just noticed her, Jack turned his head and flashed her a polite smile. “Ms. Jarvis, you’re here. | didn’t notice you. Come, have a seat.”
Roxanne gave a slight nod before sitting down beside Jack calmly, only to see him still messing about with the aroma lamp nonchalantly.
Sensing her gaze, Jack explained in a low voice, “The fragrance in the lamp has a calming effect. In order to avoid getting into a fight with you like last time, I’m trying to make it burn faster.”
His confident tone made it seem as if the aroma lamp would really have an effect.
Roxanne retracted her gaze and pursed her lips. Smiling, she said, “If you have the same goal as me, Mr. Damaris, we would naturally not quarrel.”
Jack fiddled with the aroma lamp for a while more before finally stopping when he was satisfied. Turning to look at Roxanne, he asked, “Oh? What is your goal, then, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne answered seriously, “The original purpose of developing this medicine focuses on the patients’ benefits and is aimed to reduce the burden on patients.”
Acting as though he had heard a joke, Jack snickered. “In that case, why would you care so much about the profit share, then? Isn't it good enough for you to have the medicine on the market?”
Jack thought that Roxanne would say something to refute him, but unexpectedly, the woman simply nodded in agreement before saying, “Well, that's what | thought at first. As long as the medicine can be successfully listed, | don’t care if all the profits go to you.”
At that, Jack frowned lightly while a flash of surprise flitted across his eyes.
Roxanne continued, “That being said, it was all thanks to you that | realized that as the person in charge of the research institute, | am not only a doctor, but | am also responsible for the lives of the employees. Mr. Damaris, I’m sure you're aware of just how hard the research and development process for the medicine is this time. If the research institute failed to rake in any profits, I'm afraid the employees will be very disappointed in me. It will be difficult for the research institute to retain its employees in the long
run.
This was the warning that Jack gave her during their last meal together. It was also something Lucian had taught her over time. | have to protect the interests of not only the patients but also the employees.
Hearing her reason, Jack burst out chuckling while nodding his head. Clapping his hands, he started, “Your words ring true, Ms. Jarvis, but what you just said must have been taught to you by Mr. Farwell, right?”
Seeing the disdain glinting in his eyes and the contemptuous expression on his face, Roxanne felt her heart go cold.
She recalled the time when she first met Jack at the medical consultation. Her impression of the man was that he was a very qualified heir to a prestigious family of traditional medicine. She felt that he was gentle, courteous, and an all-around gentleman.
When everyone doubted me, Jack was the one who stood up for me and chose to believe me. But now, it seems like he has changed into a different man. He’s ignoring the patient’s lives for the sake of profit. 
###Chapter 1563
Chapter 1563
Chapter 1563 Begging For It Roxanne explained, “I told you before that this has nothing to do with him. He doesn’t even know that I’m here today.”
Tamping down the odd feeling surging within her, she tried her best to remain calm as she stared at the man before her. “Mr. Damaris, the reason why you’re doing this is to increase the share of profits for Damaris Group, right? But unfortunately, it’s impossible for me to agree to a fifty percent share. Since that’s the case, why don’t we meet each other halfway?”
Jack sneered. “For your sake, | hope it’s true that Mr. Farwell has no idea about our meeting today. Otherwise, should he suddenly appear halfway through our conversation, | don’t think we'd have anything more to talk about.”
Not wanting to hear Lucian’s name coming out of Jack’s mouth again, she cut in, “Just tell me what the lowest share you can accept is, Mr. Damaris?”
Jack answered without hesitation, “As | have already mentioned a long time ago, even if Damaris Group does not take the lion’s share, the least would be a fifty-fifty share with the research institute.”
Showing no sign of relenting, Roxanne pressed on, “We can pay three times the price for the medicinal herbs provided by Damaris Group. As for the sales channels, we can also find another company to cooperate with. This meant that our cooperation with Damaris Group is only in the initial phase. What happens later is simply a pure trading relationship. So tell me, Mr. Damaris, why should | split the profits fifty-fifty with you?”
To that, Jack said, “Because right now, you’re the one who’s begging me.”
He was certain that he was the one holding all the cards at the moment, and he reckoned Roxanne had no other choice but to oblige.
Roxanne stated, “Thirty percent. That’s the best we can do.”
When Jack heard that, his expression darkened, and his tone was mixed with sarcasm when he said, “In that case, | don’t think there’s a need for us to talk today, Ms. Jarvis.”
The last time we met, she proposed that Damaris Group get a twenty-eight percent share of profits. That was why we ended our meal on a sour note. And now, she has the gall to propose a mere two percent increase? If that’s the case, we could’ve just negotiated this on the phone.
Roxanne pursed her lips and kept silent, her eyes shining with a look of determination as if saying that it was impossible for them to give in anymore.
Time ticked by.
When Jack realized Roxanne was not budging, his expression changed, and he critiqued, “That’s the best you can do? Well then, | guess you don’t really take the lives of those patients seriously, huh?”
Although Roxanne looked as calm as ever, her heart was actually lurching. In the end, she decided to take one final gamble.
“If you can’t accept this, then we have no choice but to change our medicinal herb supplier. To tell you the truth, the research institute has already found a supplier. However, | still think that the medicinal herbs produced by Damaris Group are of higher quality when compared to other companies. The reason why I’m still trying to negotiate a deal with you is so that the patients can buy better medicines for less money.”
What she was implying was that if Jack refused to take the deal, the research institute would have to turn to another company that would take it. Alook of bafflement flitted across Jack’s eyes.
The quality requirements for this kind of medicine are very strict, so how is it possible for Roxanne to have found another supplier already? Hmm... But now that | think about it, Lucian was also present during our previous negotiation. Although Farwell Group has never dabbled in the field of medicine, they are not without connections in this area. If Lucian offered his help, it is not impossible for the research institute to find another supplier in a short time.
With that thought in mind, the look in Jack’s eyes turned solemn, but he was quick to hide it. Just like that, the two of them were in a stalemate as they kept their silence to see who would yield first. Time passed, and Jack was the first to lose his patience.
He muttered, “Since your resolve is firm, and the medicine is also of great importance to Damaris Group, let’s each take a step back. Damaris Group will take forty percent while the research institute will take sixty percent of the share of profits.” 
###Chapter 1564
Chapter 1564
Chapter 1564 Taught You Well Seeing that Jack had finally capitulated, Roxanne inwardly heaved a sigh of relief and continued to lower Damaris Group’s profit split. “Damaris Group will take thirty-five percent.”
From the moment he spoke first, he had already lost. He remarked with a scowl, “You really know how to conduct business, Ms. Jarvis. I'm impressed.”
Roxanne replied calmly, “I merely stated the facts. Besides, in the future, we'll be purchasing the medicinal herbs by ourselves, so Damaris Group won't suffer any losses either.”
“Seems like Mr. Farwell has taught you well.” Jack sneered.
Instead of continuing that topic, she added, “Oh, right, the collaboration between the research institute and Damaris Group isn’t long-term. Thus, the profit split is only applied to this project. Any collaborations between the two entities in the future will be discussed if and when it happens.”
Jack’s smile slowly turned cold as he could no longer control his expression. “As expected from you, Mrs. Farwell. You really are an expert in conducting business.”
The fact that he kept bringing Lucian up ticked Roxanne off. Her countenance darkened as she spat, “If you want to chat with Mr. Farwell that badly, | don’t mind calling him over.”
“| just wanted to point out that you’ve changed a lot after getting together with Mr. Farwell, Ms. Jarvis.” Staring at her meaningfully, Jack commented, “To me, you’re supposed to be just a doctor. When did you become so opportunistic?”
He was basically hinting at her that Lucian was merely using her for his own benefit.
Upon understanding the meaning behind his words, Roxanne was amused. | wonder if Jack can still say the same thing if he learns Lucian told me to agree to the fifty percent split and use the opportunity to learn medicine from the Damaris family.
As he observed the change in her expression, he narrowed his eyes. | feel like the thoughts running through her mind right now are things | don’t want to hear.
His expression turned frigid as he realized that. Then, he silently glanced at the aroma lamp with an icy look.
When he faced her again, he nonchalantly changed the topic. “How are you planning to set the price for this batch of medicine, Ms. Jarvis?”
Roxanne contemplated that matter before.
Just as she was going to reply to him, he spoke again while gazing at her intently. “There are medicines like this overseas, too. Even though their effectiveness is worse than ours, their price range from seven hundred to one thousand each. The more expensive ones could sell for more than ten thousand.”
The word “profit” was scribbled all over his face.
However, as if she didn’t hear him at all, she uttered, “One hundred and twenty.”
Jack’s expression froze as a look of disbelief flashed past his eyes. Moments later, he inquired with a complicated expression, “One pill will cost one hundred and twenty?”
Furrowing her eyebrows, Roxanne uttered, “One box.”
“What?” He was bewildered. “Did you not do any market research at all? Or did | not explain myself clearly earlier? The market price for medicines like this is at least triple your price!”
As he thought about the number she proposed again, he sneered. “Even if we don’t compare your price to the market’s, there’s no way you'll break even with that amount! Do you know how expensive Damaris Group’s medicinal herbs are? Do you think your research institute can conduct the research without cost? It seems like I’ve overestimated Mr. Farwell. His teachings are clearly inadequate. | can’t believe how naive you are.” 
###Chapter 1565
Chapter 1565
Chapter 1565 Proof Of course, Roxanne did her research before setting the price.
Because of that, she became even more aware of the pressure the patients faced. If the medicine cost too much, many people wouldn’t be able to afford it and could only wait for their doom. That was a tragedy she didn’t want to see occurring again.
“Yes, my price is low. However, as | said before, |’ll buy Damaris Group’s medicinal herbs. Once the production of the medicine has matured, the cost of manufacture will drop greatly. Additionally, if the patients are able to afford the medicine, they'll continue to buy them. This way, Damaris Group won't suffer any losses. The only downside is that the profit will be a little low,” stated Roxanne confidently.
However, Jack just stared at Roxanne as though she was an idiot. “What makes you think people will trust that the medicine is legitimate and buy them if you set the price this low?”
Pursing her lips, she insisted, “Someone will buy them! Once they do and realize it works, thousands more will follow suit!” Moreover, when the medicine hits the market, it'll have Damaris Group's brand on it. The company has garnered an excellent reputation over the past century, so people will believe in the product when they see Damaris Group’s name. That’s why | won't give up on Damaris Group that easily.
Upon seeing how stubborn she was, he was too lazy to argue with her. “You should at least set the price at three hundred per
box.
“As doctors, we must consider the issue from the patient’s perspective. Three hundred is still too expensive for them. | disagree with that price,” refuted Roxanne.
In response, Jack used her own words to question her. “Didn’t you say you wanted to guarantee the employee’s benefits? How are you going to achieve that with such a low price? Do you think everyone's as benevolent as you?”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne wavered as her expression shifted slightly. That is something | failed to consider. Tightening her fist, she insisted, “I'll explain the situation to them. | believe they'll understand me.”
Most of the research institute’s employees were personally hired by Harvey, and she believed her teacher had a good eye when it came to people.
Additionally, she was confident that long-term profits would be guaranteed.
Lastly, she was sure that if people spread the good word about the medicine, she could use it to assure the public that other medicines developed by the research institute in the future would be trustworthy.
“Then tell them yourself.” Jack stood up from the couch coldly and looked down at her. “I came to negotiate with the utmost sincerity. | even accepted your condition that Damaris Group would only take thirty-five percent of the profit. However, | didn’t expect you to be this stubborn!”
Roxanne responded by staring at him quietly. “Even if you successfully convinced the employees in the research institute to accept your pricing, my people won't agree to it.
Therefore, if you insist on selling each box at one hundred and twenty, then | rather let this medicine rot in the warehouse!” His tone was resolute, expressing his disinterest in further negotiation.
Just as he ended his sentence, he turned around and headed to the exit. Still, she refused to give up. “Do your words reflect Old Mr. Damaris’ attitude, Mr. Damaris?” | don’t believe Old Mr. Damaris shares the same opinion as him!
Without even turning his head, Jack answered, “My grandfather has gotten senile, so I’m in charge of Damaris Group now. Contact me when you've changed your mind.”
He left as soon as he finished his sentence.
Roxanne stared at the exit for a long time before giving up and looking away. 
###Chapter 1566
Chapter 1566
Chapter 1566 Solve Roxanne sat in the cafe for some time before returning to the research institute.
The result of the discussion was slightly out of her expectations.
She was under the assumption that as the heir of the Damaris family, Jack would prioritize a patient's survival regardless of how much he cared about making a profit. Also, she assumed he could accept the marketing strategy of increasing sales by reducing the financial gain margin.
To her surprise, Jack was very dissatisfied with the price she offered and even denied her the opportunity to negotiate.
“How is it, Dr. Jarvis? When will Damaris Group resume the supply of medicinal herbs?” Linda approached Roxanne the moment the latter stepped into the research institute.
Roxanne forced a smile and said to Linda in resignation, “I’m not making any headway for the moment. Please delay the registration process as long as you can. As for the factory... If they are impatient, you can offer them more money.”
Linda had served Roxanne for many years, so she could tell Roxanne was caught in a tight spot at that moment by taking in her facial expression.
“| got it. I'll handle these issues. However, our employees in charge of developing this medicine are getting restless.” Upon hearing that, Roxanne slightly knitted her brows in anxiety.
Most researchers at the research institute hoped that the success of inventing that medicine could help them make a living. Now that the medicine had been developed, and they could finally be rewarded after the drug was marketed, the process was unfortunately stuck at the final phase.
At that instant, Roxanne couldn't help but doubt herself. Is Jack right? Am | too naive to assume the simplicity of this matter? Not everyone can regard a patient’s survival with utmost importance like me, after all.
After contemplating for a long while, Roxanne decided to stand firm on her original intention, so she said to Linda in an undertone, “Pay their bonuses in advance using my name.”
Linda suddenly recalled something and asked, “Some time ago, Mr. Damaris also announced his will to provide the employees with incentives from his own pocket. When he banks in the money—”
“Refund the amount to him,” Roxanne interjected without hesitation. This is the most critical moment during our negotiation. | cannot allow Jack to have too many interactions with my employees. If he knows we haven't found a backup supplier for our medicinal herbs, he might even refuse to accept a thirty-five percent share!
Linda hummed in agreement and turned around to execute Roxanne’s orders. Roxanne stayed in her office alone and mulled over the discussion with Jack in the afternoon.
On her way back to the research institute, she couldn’t help but imagine how Lucian would’ve responded if he had been the one to negotiate the terms with Jack. | reckon he must have some ways to convince Jack to accept selling the medicinal herbs at that low price.
She repeatedly picked up her phone and placed it back down as she hesitated to seek guidance from Lucian. However, she gave up on that thought ultimately after some careful ponderation.
She had decided to face Jack on her own because she wanted to assess how much she had learned from Lucian throughout that period.
Roxanne felt Lucian must've believed in her capabilities, too, for allowing her to engage in the discussion alone.
Only half a day had passed since my meeting with Jack turned south. | think | should give myself more time. It's not entirely impossible for me to resolve this issue on my own.
With that thought in her mind, Roxanne picked up the telephone on the office desk. Then, she started contacting the medicinal herb suppliers that she had previously worked with and found their herbs’ quality acceptable.
Unfortunately, the suppliers flinched when they listened to her stringent requirements for the medicinal herbs’ standards. They even doubted the existence of the top-quality herbs mentioned by Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1567
Chapter 1567
Chapter 1567 No Need Be Hasty Roxanne couldn't help but feel a little discouraged after failing to establish contact with any satisfactory medicinal herb supplier after making calls for the entire afternoon.
She had contacted almost all of the medicinal herb suppliers that had previously collaborated with the research institute.
If | can’t find an up-to-par partner, my only choice will be to put more effort into sealing the deal with Jack. In that case, the research institute will be in a disadvantageous position.
Roxanne couldn't figure out any solution even as evening arrived. At that moment, Lucian called. She recomposed herself before answering the phone. “Are you getting off work now?” His voice was filled with concern.
Hearing his voice, Roxanne felt unbidden grievances surge within her. Still, she forced a chuckle as she didn’t want to let her emotions show.
“Not yet, but there’s nothing much to do today, so | can get off work anytime. What’s the matter?”
Lucian frowned slightly as he sensed something amiss about her tone. “I'll go and pick you up, then. Let’s fetch the kids from school together.”
Roxanne subconsciously relaxed when she heard he was coming. A hint of anticipation crept into her heart as a genuine smile spread across her countenance. “Okay. I'll wait for you.”
The two stopped talking and hung up the phone. Roxanne was worried he might discover her downheartedness when they met later, so she tried her best to pull herself together.
Linda entered her office. “Dr. Jarvis, aren’t you leaving yet? Is the matter regarding the supply of medicinal herbs very challenging to deal with? Can | help in any way?”
Roxanne’s face wasn’t as pale and tense as before after she talked to Lucian on the phone. She was further touched after listening to Linda’s kind words.
Beaming at Linda, she said gratefully, “That’s not necessary. You won’t be able to provide me with much assistance since you just returned from overseas and lack connections. I'll have to trouble you to pay more attention to the operations at the factory, though.”
Linda hummed in agreement before bidding Roxanne farewell. Then, she got off work first while Roxanne stayed in her office. Roxanne finally got up and left when Lucian called and informed her that he had arrived at the research institute’s entrance.
When she exited the building, she saw Lucian leaning against the car and looking down at his phone, seemingly focused on his work.
Roxanne grinned at the sight of him concentrating on his phone. She hastily approached him, making minimal noise in the process as she planned to scare him.
However, Lucian exposed her mischief and caught her red-handed.
He pinched her chin, planted a kiss on her lips, and chirped, “I saw you the moment you walked through the doorway.”
With that, he kept his phone and gentlemanly helped her open the car door.
Roxanne blushed slightly. She scanned her surroundings and breathed a sigh of relief after noticing no one was looking in their direction before getting into the car.
Lucian walked around the vehicle to open the car door on the other side. “How was the discussion with Jack? | noticed you seemed a little moody.”
Roxanne’s gaze darkened at the mention of her meeting with Jack. She replied evasively, “We've already finalized the profit division, but we need to debate further regarding the issue of the medicine’s pricing.”
Lucian glanced up at her via the rearview mirror.
He saw her gazing downward and subconsciously placing her intertwined hands on her knees.
It was apparent to him that she wasn’t being honest, as that was her habitual gesture when telling a lie. He didn’t need to probe further to know that the negotiation in the afternoon didn’t go well.
Nevertheless, sensing her reluctance to elaborate, Lucian decided to have faith in her and give her more time to tackle that problem.
Then, he started the car engine. Instead of inquiring further, he uttered in a deep voice, “Back-and-forth is an unavoidable part of doing business, so there’s no need to be hasty.”
Roxanne nodded. 
###Chapter 1568
Chapter 1568
Chapter 1568 Being Intimate In Public Class had just ended at the kindergarten when Lucian’s car pulled up outside the front gate.
The two of them got out of the car and stood at the front gate as they waited for the kids.
It wasn’t long before they sensed the gazes from the other parents falling on them.
“Isn't that Mr. Farwell? Huh, | can’t believe he’s with his ex-wife!”
“Who are you calling ‘ex-wife’? They're about to get back together, so you need to watch what you say!”
“I've always felt that Ms. Jarvis had an air of sophistication about her. She and Mr. Farwell are a match made in heaven!”
As the crowd continued to gossip about them, Roxanne felt a little uncomfortable and stepped behind Lucian, lowering her head to avoid their gazes.
Having noticed her response, Lucian reached out and wrapped an arm around her waist. As though to declare their relationship to everyone, he then pulled her into his embrace.
Roxanne’s face burned bright red when she realized people were staring at them. “Let go of me! There are lots of people watching! The kids will also be coming out soon!” she exclaimed while struggling a little in his arms.
Being seen by the parents is bad enough as it is. | don’t know what I'd do if the kids see us like this! The embarrassment would probably kill me on the spot!
However, Lucian ignored her protests and tightened his grip on her instead.
After a few more failed attempts at breaking free, Roxanne had no choice but to give up on struggling.
Even so, she still maintained an awkward position in his embrace to put a little bit of distance between them.
As the gossiping from the parents reached her ears, Roxanne wished the ground would just open up and swallow her whole. | shouldn’t have agreed to come pick the kids up with Lucian!
Awoman in the crowd noticed her reaction and reminded the others softly, “Hey, cut it out! She heard us!”
Roxanne instinctively glanced in the direction of that woman's voice when she heard what she said.
That woman let out a nervous chuckle when she met Roxanne’s gaze.
Roxanne flashed the woman a thankful smile and maintained her awkward posture as she continued waiting for the kids. She began struggling again when she saw the first group of children appear at the school gate with their teacher.
This time, Lucian let her have her way and let go of her waist before holding her hand instead.
While holding hands was considered normal for couples, she still felt a little embarrassed.
We're not a young couple anymore, and yet, we're being so intimate in public...
“What, | can’t even hold your hand?” Lucian asked in displeasure when he noticed her frown.
Having been snapped out of her train of thought, Roxanne shifted her gaze between their hands and the displeased look on Lucian’s face. Eventually, she gave in and gently wrapped her fingers around his hand.
The next thing she knew, Lucian adjusted his grip and interlocked fingers with her.
Roxanne heard the parents around them inhaling sharply, but there was nothing she could do except pretend she didn’t hear a thing.
Fortunately, the three kids’ class was one of the first to come walking out. The children stood in a neat line while marching toward the school gates under their teacher's guidance.
“Daddy! Mommy!’ the kids exclaimed happily when they saw their parents standing in front of the crowd. Everyone around them went wide-eyed with shock when they heard the way the kids addressed Lucian and Roxanne. Even the parents, who had already picked up their kids, stood around and watched nosily, reluctant to leave.
They had been seeing the news about Lucian and Roxanne on television every night, but this was the first time the two had made an appearance together after the recent news report.
On top of that, the two of them were being very intimate with each other in public. 
###Chapter 1569
Chapter 1569
Chapter 1569 They Did Not Need Tutoring Roxanne felt quite uneasy when the kids called them “Daddy” and “Mommy” in front of so many people.
This was the first time she had made her relationship with Lucian public in front of the parents and teachers at the kindergarten. Regardless of whether they had remarried or not, everyone around them already saw her as a member of the Farwell family.
Before Roxanne knew it, the kids had squeezed their way through the crowd and wrapped their arms around her and Lucian’s legs.
“Daddy! Mommy! Why have you two come to pick us up together today?” Benny asked curiously. Roxanne simply kept quiet and turned toward Lucian.
“| happened to get off work early, and your mommy didn’t have to work overtime today, so we came here together. What’s wrong? Do you kids not like it?” he said casually and naturally, as if they had already been a loving family for decades.
“We love it!” the three kids replied in unison. “Mommy, could you and Daddy come pick us up together every day from now onward?” Estella asked in an adorable voice.
Roxanne had wanted to tell her that she would come as long as she had the time to but changed her mind when she saw the expectant look in Estella’s eyes. “All right. I'll try my best to.”
Pippa was smiling happily when she saw the sweet and harmonious family of five.
Despite what the public is saying about them, the changes in Estella’s condition all this while prove they’re the most suitable for each other.
Roxanne left with the kids after saying goodbye to Pippa, who simply smiled and waved at her as usual.
“| made some preparations. We can start the basic lessons once we get back,” Lucian told Archie and Benny all of a sudden on the drive home.
It took Roxanne a few seconds to realize he was talking about teaching them to use a computer. Oh? He even made preparations in advance? | didn’t expect him to take it so seriously!
As Roxanne turned around and saw the pleading look in Archie and Benny's eyes, she could tell that the two geniuses obviously didn’t want to start learning from the beginning.
Roxanne then let out a chuckle and told Lucian, “Come on, let’s not rush things now. They just finished a day of school, so we should let them get some rest. The lessons can wait until the weekend.”
Noticing that Roxanne was helping them out, Archie and Benny quickly played along. “We're tired, Daddy! We need some rest!” Naturally, Lucian wasn’t going to force anything on them. “All right, then. Make sure to get ready for your classes on the weekend,” he replied with a nod.
Archie and Benny dreaded those classes, but they smiled obediently and nodded anyway. “Okay, Daddy! We'll be prepared!”
As Estella was sitting very close to them, she could clearly see that they were reluctant to take those lessons. Although she was confused by their reactions, she knew better than to ask them about it.
Fearing that Lucian would talk about teaching them to use the computer again, the kids immediately ran back to their bedroom after dinner.
Having noticed how much the kids resented the topic, Lucian asked in amusement, “Do they hate computers, or is it too early for me to teach them this stuff?”
Roxanne glanced in the direction of the stairs and saw that the kids were already nowhere in sight. “They don’t need you to teach them at all.”
She then shifted her gaze back toward Lucian as she continued, “Archie and Benny grew up in my mentor’s research institute. They displayed amazing talent for information technology at a very young age, and that’s especially the case for Benny. One of my colleagues at the research institute had been teaching them how to use a computer after noticing their talent, so Benny excels in this area.” 
###Chapter 1570
Chapter 1570
chapter 1570 Pulling A Prank The serious look on Roxanne’s face got Lucian wondering just how skilled Archie and Benny were with computers.
Meanwhile, in the bedroom, Estella stared curiously at Archie and Benny as she asked, “Do you two not want Daddy to teach you?”
As Archie and Benny had no reason to keep secrets from her, they nodded honestly in response.
Estella frowned in confusion. “Do you two not like computers? Daddy’s really amazing, you know? You two will become professional hackers if he teaches you!”
Lucian used to tutor her personally back then, but he had to stop because she started losing focus due to her condition. He never continued those lessons after that.
If Daddy had continued teaching me, | would definitely be the best hacker out there right now! At least, that’s what Daddy told me!
Archie and Benny exchanged glances as they whispered in her ear, “We'll let you in on a little secret here. The truth is, we're already very skilled with computers, so we don’t want to start learning everything from the beginning.”
Estella’s face was filled with disbelief when she heard that.
I'm better at using a computer than the other kids my age only because Daddy personally taught me. Who could've taught Archie and Benny?
Noticing the look of doubt on her face, Benny pulled out his computer and demonstrated his skills with it. “Watch closely!”
Despite what he said, he actually hadn’t thought of how he would showcase his skills.
The look of doubt in Estella’s eyes intensified when she saw him staring blankly at the computer screen.
“| can teach you if you don’t want Daddy to, Benny,” she said with a serious expression.
| may not be as skilled as Daddy when it comes to such things, but | should be good enough to teach Benny! She was about to take the computer out of Benny’s hands when he came up with a bright idea.
“Wait! | know what | can do!”
Archie and Estella stared at him in confusion as he booted up the computer and typed rapidly on the keyboard. A few seconds later, a string of codes began running on the screen.
Archie and Estella kept their eyes on the screen as they waited eagerly to see what would happen.
Benny's eyes were filled with excitement as well.
I'm the second-best hacker in the world, but | haven't tried hacking into the system of Daddy’s company. People say his company
has a really skilled team of technicians in the IT department. They should be off work by now, so I'll try pulling a little prank on them!
At around eight in the evening, the computer screens of all the employees at Farwell Group went black for a few seconds. The next thing they knew, a video clip of three kids dancing hand-in-hand with their buttocks bare appeared on the screens.
“What the... Who has the audacity to hack into Farwell Group’s computer system?” someone exclaimed in shock after realizing that it was the work of a hacker.
Most importantly, Farwell Group had the best cyber security in the industry, so they couldn't imagine anyone being able to hack into it.
On top of all that, the hacker had gone through so much trouble invading their system just to pull a childish prank on them.
Angered and frustrated, the employees who were working overtime in the IT department got all riled up and typed away furiously on their keyboards.
However, the look of disbelief on their faces only intensified as time went by.
This hacker merely planted a tiny virus in our system, and yet, we can’t seem to bring it down no matter how hard we try! 
###Chapter 1571
Chapter 1571
Chapter 1571 A Similar Situation Cayden rushed over to the office when he received a call from the manager of the IT department at nine in the evening.
He went wide-eyed with shock when he saw the clip of the three kids dancing with their bottoms bare on the screen. Naturally, he wouldn’t be able to solve an issue that even their technicians couldn't.
Cayden was about to call the police about the attack when one of the employees said, “Wait a minute... This situation feels kind of familiar...”
Everyone shifted their gaze toward him upon hearing that.
The employee scratched his head nervously as he continued, “If | recall correctly, Pearson Group received a similar attack back then. Their screens also had a clip of a child dancing. Mr. Farwell sent me over to resolve the issue—"
He was halfway through his sentence when his supervisor smacked his head and cut him off, “If you know what this is, then hurry up and take care of it!”
“| wasn’t able to fix it that time. In the end, it was Mr. Farwell himself who resolved the issue and repaired Pearson Group’s security system,” the employee explained.
Everyone exchanged nervous glances when they heard that.
Farwell Group is paying us a really high salary to work here. What good are we if we can’t handle a simple virus like this and end up troubling Mr. Farwell to fix it for us? But...
The technicians could only let out helpless sighs as they stared at the dancing kids on the screen.
They knew they were unable to resolve the issue on their own. Fearing that the virus would corrupt the files in their system, they had no choice but to call for help.
“You guys continue working on this while | contact Mr. Farwell,” Cayden said, making a prompt decision.
As he wasn’t a part of the IT department, there wasn’t much he could do in that situation except swallow his pride and give Lucian a call.
Meanwhile, in the Farwell residence, Lucian was about to take his family out for a walk after dinner when he received a call from Cayden.
The look on his face grew solemn when he heard that the IT department needed him to resolve the firewall hack. “Got it, I'll head over right away.”
“What’s wrong?” Roxanne asked in confusion.
“Something happened at work. | need to head over and have a look,” Lucian replied. He then threw on his coat and walked out the front door.
The three kids exchanged glances when they saw the serious look on his face.
C-Could that be due to the virus | planted? Shouldn’t everyone be off work by now, though? That virus | planted was a very simple one, so they shouldn’t need to trouble Daddy with it, right?
Benny reassured himself as the three of them sat on the couch and watched television.
As nobody said a word, the entire living room fell silent all of a sudden.
Roxanne, too, was feeling a little depressed as she recalled the negotiation with Jack earlier that day. Meanwhile, Lucian rushed over to Farwell Group as quickly as he could.
He couldn't help but feel an odd sense of familiarity when he saw the three kids dancing on screen. That was especially the case when he noticed the three kids were two boys and a girl.
Upon realizing that the boys looked similar to each other, he thought of the three kids at home and what Roxanne told him earlier.
As Lucian grew increasingly confused, the supervisor approached him and said cautiously, “Mr. Farwell, this situation is similar to the one at Pearson Group back then.”
Lucian shot him a glance before sitting down at one of the workstations. With an expressionless look on his face, he typed ina command on the keyboard.
A few seconds later, a string of codes appeared on screen.
The employees gathered around out of curiosity, only to gasp in awe as Lucian easily took care of the virus in a matter of minutes. 
###Chapter 1572
Chapter 1572
Chapter 1572 Is The Company Doing All Right Just as the crowd thought Lucian would stop, they saw him typing another string of code to trace the hacker’s IP address.
After he was done, he stood and faced the members of the IT department, who lowered their heads in guilt. Not only did they revere Lucian because he was their boss but also because of his impressive skills. They had no choice but to submit to his questioning.
“Farwell Group didn’t pay you all a high salary to do nothing.” Lucian was dissatisfied. “This is the second time it has happened already, yet none of you solved the problem or figured out who the hacker is!”
The crowd exchanged glances silently.
Right then, someone steeled themselves and explained, “The hacker’s far better than us, Mr. Farwell. We suspect—” Lucian snorted meaningfully, cutting him off.
The crowd turned to Lucian in puzzlement.
While they weren't paying attention, he returned to the seat and looked at the culprit’s IP address on the screen.
He appeared shocked but proud at the same time.
His expression confused the crowd, prompting them to wonder if their eyes were playing tricks on them.
Upon closing the window, Lucian uttered, “If none of you can’t even win against two children, then it’s time to self-reflect.” Two children? Is Mr. Farwell mocking us?
Lucian was too lazy to explain the situation to the others. He turned to Cayden and ordered, “Cancel the bonus for everyone in the IT department this month.”
With that, he left.
The employees of the IT department lamented in their minds. Everything was going fine with our overtime work until a hacker suddenly penetrated our system and caused us to lose our bonus! What is this terrible luck?
Yet, none dared to voice their thoughts because Lucian had solved the problem they were supposed to. By the time Lucian left the IT department with Cayden, it was nearly ten at night. Just as he arrived at the company entrance, he stopped, lifted his head, and stared at the night sky.
When Cayden saw Lucian stop moving, he thought the latter was angry and spoke carefully. “Please don’t get angry, Mr. Farwell. They—
Before he could finish his sentence, he heard Lucian say, “| want to use the small helicopter from the last time later. Make the appropriate arrangements for me.”
Cayden was about to ask Lucian more questions, but the latter stepped past him and got into the car.
Seeing that, he swallowed the questions at the tip of his tongue and made calls to fulfill Lucian’s request.
Lucian drove all the way back to the Farwell residence.
Upon entering the building, he saw Roxanne and the children were still in the same spots as when he left.
He didn’t notice how anxious the children were until after he discovered the hacker's IP address.
When the children saw his return, they shuddered and quickly approached him with ingratiating smiles. “You’re back, Daddy? Is the company doing all right?”
Furrowing his brows, Lucian pretended to stare at them with a serious look. “None of you have anything to tell me?”
The moment he ended his sentence, the children promptly exchanged silent glances while looking dejected. 
###Chapter 1573
Chapter 1573
Chapter 1573 Prank Upon noticing the serious atmosphere around her family, Roxanne approached them in confusion.
At the sight of their savior, the children quickly hid behind her. “What's the matter?” Reflexively, she shielded them and gazed at Lucian with worry.
Lucian looked at her and then at the children, feeling amused and exasperated. “You should ask them. Even though they’re still young, they're quite bold”
In response, Roxanne turned to look at the children.
“We were wrong, Mommy...” Benny apologized as he gripped the hem of Roxanne’s shirt. “Can you ask Daddy not to get angry?”
“We were just goofing around,” Estella chimed in. “We didn’t expect to trouble Daddy...” “We're sorry, Daddy. We won't do it again,” Archie said sensibly. Confused by the children’s apologies, Roxanne turned to Lucian.
Lucian approached the children and pinched their cheeks. “If | hadn’t gone to the company, Mr. Lawson would've called the police.”
Upon hearing that, they felt even more guilty. “We know we were wrong, Daddy. Please don’t be mad at us!”
“It's my fault! | wanted to hack into the company’s system. If you want to blame someone, blame it on me!” Benny came forward. “| just wanted to prove to Essie that I’m really good with computers.”
Then he grumbled, “Besides, | only infected the system with a simple virus | created as a prank. | didn’t expect...” | didn’t expect the employees in Daddy’s company would fail to deal with it and have to ask Daddy for help!
His complaint amused Lucian even further. “It’s all right. | don’t blame any of you. | was just surprised by how talented you all
are. Asmile settled on Benny’s countenance when he heard his father’s praise.
“It's evident that we can skip the basics. This week, I'll be testing all three of you. Then, based on the results, I'll draw up your future curriculum,” Lucian added.
Without hesitation, the children agreed. They were aware that his skills were above theirs. Finally understanding what had transpired, Roxanne reprimanded, “You three went too far. How could you hack Daddy's company’s system as a prank?” Then she turned to Lucian anxiously. “Did the company lose any important documents?”
Lucian smiled at her comfortingly. “No. The boys were mindful of their actions and only played a prank on my employees, but their computer skills surprised Cayden and almost prompted him to call the police until he was reminded to contact me first.”
Hugging his mother’s leg, Benny said cheekily, “It was really just a prank!”
Lucian’s assurance and the children’s cheeky acting extinguished Roxanne’s desire to admonish the children. She reminded them in a severe tone, “I know all of you are talented at operating computers, but it’s not a tool for pranks. They should only be used for beneficial purposes.”
The children nodded obediently and apologetically.
Seeing that Roxanne was somewhat angry, Lucian hugged her in front of the children. “They're still young. Besides, they've learned to be more mindful today. I'll teach them the rest in the future.” 
###Chapter 1574
Chapter 1574
Chapter 1574 Bedtime Story Roxanne blushed with embarrassment as Lucian acted intimately with her in front of the children.
Upon witnessing their father defending them, the children said to their mother confidently, “That's right! We're still children, so you can't get angry at us, Mommy.”
Then, when they saw their parents hugging, they tactfully turned around and closed their eyes.
“It's getting late.” Roxanne struggled out of Lucian's embrace frantically. “The children still need to attend school tomorrow and rest soon!”
Lucian released her and said, “I'll bring them to their bedroom. There's something else | want to talk to them about.” The children's faces fell even though they already had a feeling their father wouldn't forgive them that easily. Thinking Lucian would talk to them about that incident, Roxanne nodded and watched him bring the children upstairs.
After bathing the children, he watched them lie on their beds.
“Are you still angry at us, Daddy?” Benny hid half of his face under the blanket. “Will you forgive me if | tell you about the hole in the company's system?”
When hacking into the company’s system, he discovered a hole in its advanced firewall, so he inserted a secret program into the virus.
After the virus was cracked, the program would activate and patch the hole in the system. Lucian patted the boy's head. “I'm aware of it, and I know you all patched it.”
Benny sighed in relief. “Then are you still angry?”
Lucian shook his head. “I was never angry at any of you. | just wanted to tell you all a story.” The children's eyes lit up. “Daddy's going to tell us a bedtime story?”
His nod spurred the children to tuck themselves into their blankets obediently and close their eyes. “We're ready! You can tell us the story now, Daddy!”
They were excited because it would be their first time listening to Lucian telling them a bedtime story. Lucian began, “Once upon a time, there was a man called Jack—"
“Is this the story about Jack the Poet?” Archie opened his eyes and stared at his father with curiosity. Grinning, Lucian nodded.
Benny lifted his eyelids, too. “I know this story! Mommy told us before!”
“Then do you know the moral of the story?” Lucian asked.
Upon hearing that, Benny turned to his brother.
Archie furrowed his brows and thought about the question quietly for a moment before answering, “The moral of the story is that we should study and don't waste our talent. Otherwise, we'll end up like Jack.”
Benny nodded seriously. They have pretty good comprehension. Lucian smiled. “I'm happy that you two know the moral of the story.”
“We know what we did wrong, Daddy! We promise we'll study hard in the future! You can monitor us!” the boys apologized in unison.
Their attitude was a lot more genuine compared to earlier.
Lucian caressed their heads and tucked them in. “All right, it's getting late. You all should rest early. I'll leave after you've fallen asleep.”
The children nodded obediently and closed their eyes.
As he promised, he only left after they fell asleep. 
###Chapter 1575
Chapter 1575
Chapter 1575 In The Wild
Roxanne had been sitting in the living room, waiting for Lucian to return while feeling bothered and worrying about the children. When she saw Lucian descending the stairs, she asked caringly, “Are they asleep?”
Lucian went over to the couch and sat beside her.
He took in the tired expression on her countenance and pulled her into his embrace.
“I'm fine. Just feeling a little worn out.” Roxanne forced a smile.
Instead of panicking, like when the children were around, she nestled in his arms.
Lucian kissed her forehead, held her hand, and stood up. “When | returned from the company earlier, | noticed the weather was good today. | want to bring you out for a ride.”
Roxanne frowned. “I...”
She wanted to say she wasn't in the mood for it.
However, Lucian didn't give her a chance to as he dragged her to the entrance. Afraid they would wake the children up, they quietly stepped out and closed the door. Even though they were in their own house, they were acting like thieves.
When Roxanne realized that, she thought it was funny and stopped feeling gloomy.
“The children were already asleep when | came out earlier. Don't wake them up. | only want to bring you out tonight,” said Lucian, seemingly detecting her feelings.
At that moment, it was past ten at night.
Roxanne shuddered when the night breeze blew past her.
The next second, a warm coat landed on her shoulders.
She turned back and noticed the regret on Lucian’'s face. “I should've grabbed more clothes for you since it's nighttime.” Just as he concluded his sentence, he spun back.
Roxanne grabbed him. “I'm fine like this. What about you? Are you cold?” Lucian held her hand and planted a kiss on the back. “I'm good.”
Hesitation flashed past her eyes when she saw the thin shirt on his body. Before she could utter another word, he forcefully pulled her into his embrace. “That's better.” He sounded satisfied as he brought her to the vehicle.
The car moved slowly toward the outskirts of the city.
Roxanne's face was still flushed as she admired the view outside the window.
When she noticed the gradual lack of cars passing them by and an increase in the density of trees, she wondered out loud, “Where are we going?” Why do we look like we're going to a mountain?
Lucian replied plainly, “We're going to the mountain.” “Why are we going there so late at night? We can just ride around our neighborhood.” As she spoke, she noticed a weird expression forming on his face.
“There are too many people around there. It's not convenient. I'm afraid people will call the cops if they see what we'll be doing.” Lucian cocked an eyebrow and glanced at her mysteriously.
As his vague but suggestive words repeated in Roxanne's mind, she felt her cheeks burning. Is he planning to do that in the wild?
At that thought, she wrapped her coat tighter around her body. “How about we just head back? It's so cold outside right now.” She didn't want to say no outright because she feared her guess was wrong. She could only subtly express her desire to return.
However, Lucian was unwilling to do as she asked. “It took a long time for me to find this spot. Since we're already here, we might as well take a look first. If you don't like it, we can return right away.” 
###Chapter 1576
Chapter 1576
Chapter 1576 | Thought Roxanne stared at the desolate environment outside the window in panic and disbelief.
“| don't think this is a good idea, Lucian. Let's just head home now.” She sounded upset as she wrapped the coat around her tightly.
Lucian couldn't help but chuckle when he saw the panic on her face. “What's so bad about this idea? Do you know what I'm going to do?”
Roxanne's eyes darted around. “Aren't you planning to—”
Before she could finish, she noticed the car was slowing down.
Lucian glanced at her before alighting from the vehicle.
With no other choice, Roxanne swallowed her words and looked outside.
Her panic transformed into confusion when she saw the scene outside the window.
“Everything's prepared, Mr. Farwell,” reported Cayden as he respectfully stood beside the car.
Lucian nodded, walked to the passenger seat, and opened the door with a teasing smile. “This really can't be done near our home. Now that you've seen what I have in mind, do you still want to go back?”
In the distance was a helipad brightly lit by a few searchlights.
Several helicopters of varying sizes were sitting neatly on the helipad. One of the helicopters was the one used to pick them up from their home last time.
Roxanne remained dumbfounded for a long while before she returned to her senses. “So, what you said earlier... You meant you wanted us to fly in a helicopter?”
Raising his eyebrow, Lucian answered, “What did you think | was talking about? The only reason | could fly around the city last time for a short period was that the government approved it for an emergency situation.”
Roxanne blushed and glared at him with embarrassment. “Why didn't you say that earlier? | thought...”
“| don't mind if that's what you want.”
“No way!” Roxanne's eyes widened.
Her embarrassed and frustrated look made him smile as he grabbed her wrist. “Come on out. I'm taking you to relax.” Roxanne got out of the car with Lucian's assistance, and Cayden greeted respectfully, “Mrs. Farwell.”
His words caused her to blush again. “Thank you for your efforts.” Lucian is such a scoundrel! | forgot Cayden was around earlier. He must've heard everything we said... Oh god, how am | going to face him in the future?
“You can go home now. Expect a bonus this month,” said Lucian to Cayden. Cayden gave a reply and left because he didn't want to be their third wheel.
Soon, only the couple was left on the mountain.
Lucian brought her to a helicopter, then pressed something to open the hatch door. He held her hand again and led her inside.
Roxanne examined the surrounding with curiosity.
The helicopter was bigger and better decorated than the one from before. The original seat had been replaced by a couch, and the floor was covered in soft carpet. There was even an elegant table inside with red wine and a few snacks sitting on top.
“l only made this decision before coming home, so Cayden had to set this up in a hurry.” Lucian's voice rang out next to Roxanne's ear before the door closed.
Dim lights illuminated the interior, creating a rather ambiguous environment. 
###Chapter 1577
Chapter 1577
Chapter 1577 Stay With You
“Sit.” Lucian held Roxanne's hand and gestured for her to sit on the couch.
After she sat down, Lucian stepped into the cockpit.
Roxanne raised her head and watched him operate the aircraft. Moments later, the helicopter slowly ascended into the sky. “You know how to pilot a helicopter?” she asked, astonished.
Lucian chuckled. “Truth be told, there are very few things in this world | don't know how to do.”
Roxanne was stunned for a few seconds. He's not wrong, considering he was born into an extremely affluent family. He has too much energy and money to develop any interests and hobbies he has. It's a shame he didn't show any of it in our previous
marriage.
Having guessed what was on her mind, Lucian glanced back and said, “I only learned how to fly a helicopter two years ago. As for the rest of my skills, I'll show them to you in the future.”
Roxanne flashed him a small smile. As the helicopter flew high into the sky, Lucian suggested, “Look outside the window.”
Roxanne looked out and saw the moon and stars that were magnified before her eyes, making her feel as though she could touch them just by stretching her hand out.
As she watched the celestial s in the sky slowly pass her by, she gradually relaxed and felt satisfied. Retracting her gaze, she commented, “It's so beautiful.”
Lucian was delighted that she enjoyed the trip. “Do you want to look at the sea?”
Roxanne nodded at first, but shortly after, she asked in hesitation, “Can I? It's so late already.”
“It's pretty close, and the helicopter's fast. We'll be there in a few minutes.” Lucian was aware of her love for the sea. He speedily turned the aircraft around and flew toward the ocean.
Roxanne lay next to the window in anticipation and gazed at the mountains below.
Minutes later, the sea appeared in front of her.
As the waves rolled by, the stars and the moon reflected on the sea looked as if they were floating on the surface. Roxanne was dumbstruck by the beauty of the scene.
Suddenly, Lucian appeared next to her. “Do you like it?”
Roxanne nodded subconsciously. Just as she was going to answer his question, she recalled something and pointed at the pilot's seat. “Why have you come here? The helicopter—”
He hugged her from behind comfortingly. “I've set it to autopilot.” Still, Roxanne couldn't help but feel nervous as her body tensed up.
Upon detecting her tension, Lucian kissed the back of her ear and chuckled. “As long as | can stay with you, | don't mind if we fall.”
Immediately, she covered his mouth. “Don't say nonsense like that! We won't fall. The kids are still so young!” Lucian intentionally buried his head in the nape of her neck with regrets. “Then will you die with me once they grow up?” He was only half-joking.
Roxanne loosened her grip and stared at him with a probing look. “What's the matter with you? Why did you ask that question all of a sudden?” 
###Chapter 1578
Chapter 1578
Chapter 1578 Reward
Lucian wrapped his arms around her even more tightly. “Nothing. The view just reminded me that you still haven't agreed to my marriage proposal.” If Roxanne refuses to accept my proposal, | don't think it's a bad idea if we just die here together right now.
When he brought up that topic, Roxanne couldn't help but recall that the ring was still in her possession. He said | should wear the ring if | agree, but...
Embarrassed, she turned away, looked at the rolling waves beneath her, and argued, “Is that ceremony that important? If you're taking it that seriously, we should be sleeping in separate rooms right now.”
Her words stumped him, spurring him to reflect on his behavior.
However, after contemplating it for a long while, he didn't think he did anything wrong.
Instead, his thoughts aroused him. Unable to hold himself back anymore, he kissed her neck and started touching her inappropriately. “Those are two different things. Only we know how we're sleeping behind closed doors. | want everyone to know
that you're mine.”
Upon detecting the change in his demeanor, Roxanne blushed. “You should go back to the cockpit lest something really happens!”
Lucian refused to give up that easily. “Look at how beautiful the scenery is...” Swiftly, Roxanne grabbed his hands and asked, “Didn't you say you took me out on this trip for me to relax?”
Lucian let out a sigh and got rid of the indecent idea in his mind. He merely gazed at the sea while hugging her. “You still haven't answered my question.”
After calming herself down, Roxanne lowered her eyes and replied, “I already did. It's just that only the two of us know.”
That answer brought a satisfied smile to Lucian's face.
Roxanne could still feel his rock-hard member pressing against her back. She was so nervous that she didn't dare to move.
It wasn't until he returned to the cockpit and flew the helicopter back that she sighed in relief. However, she started worrying about her waist. | don't think | can avoid it tonight. If | had known this would happen, | wouldn't have left with him. Also, is it just me, or is he flying this thing really fast now?
After landing the aircraft on the helipad, he went over to her and asked, “Are you feeling better?”
Feeling touched, Roxanne smiled with glinting eyes. “Much better. Thank you.”
She didn't expect Lucian to care so much about her bad mood that he would deliberately bring her out on a helicopter ride at night.
“That's all you have to say?” Lucian frowned.
Roxanne was confused. She was about to alight from the helicopter when she saw the hatch door had opened when Lucian grabbed her wrist and embraced her from behind. “I don't get a reward?”
Thinking that he had calmed down, Roxanne planted a kiss on the edge of his lips. Just as she was going to leave, Lucian wrapped his arm around her waist and deepened the kiss. As Roxanne struggled to breathe, thanks to his overbearing kiss, she detected movements at his crotch.
Lucian's hoarse voice traveled into her ear. “I don't want to wait anymore. How about we give it a try in the helicopter? No one will see us.”
Pushing his chest away, she rejected, “No! Let's hurry back home!”
Instead of forcing her, he took her back to the car and drove her home. 
###Chapter 1579
Chapter 1579
Chapter 1579 Breakfast
The couple spent a romantic, intimate night together.
Roxanne woke up the next day with her body aching. | wonder if | should sleep in the guest room from now on...
Lucian entered the room right then and looked at her with concern. “Feeling horrible?”
Roxanne bit her lip in embarrassment. “All thanks to you.”
Lucian sat beside her with a smile and massaged her waist. He didn't plan to apologize for his actions. “You should rest for a little longer before leaving the bed. Essie woke up early in the morning to prepare breakfast for you. She should be here soon to call you.”
Roxanne's expression froze. Afraid her child would see her in that state, she endured the pain and tried to leave the bed.
“Mommy!” Estella's voice rang out outside of the room.
Roxanne paused and twisted her back by accident, causing her face to contort in pain.
“What's wrong, Mommy?” When the girl saw her mother's expression, she dashed into the room and attempted to hug her mother's waist.
However, she was stopped by her father. “Mommy accidentally sprained her waist, so don't touch her. Are you here to invite Mommy to breakfast?”
Estella nodded.
Fearing that Lucian would say something he shouldn't to the girl if he kept going, Roxanne quickly said, “I'll head downstairs soon. Wait for me in the dining room, all right?”
Estella was still visibly worried about her mother's waist.
Roxanne shot a glare at Lucian and patted the girl's head. “I'm fine. It was just an accident. It's all right now.”
Then she stood up and took two steps away from the bed, which eased the girl's worry.
The moment Estella left the room, Roxanne dropped her act. | already didn't have much rest. This man has no self-control...
Lucian brought Roxanne to the bathroom apologetically to clean up. When he tried to do inappropriate stuff again, she kicked him out.
They dawdled for a while before heading downstairs. Just as Roxanne arrived in the dining room, she saw a glass of milk and a sandwich on the table. It was a simple sandwich, but it was pretty tricky for a five-year-old to pull off.
“Ms. Estella has been learning and practicing making breakfast for the past few days, Mrs. Farwell. It's only until today that she's willing to present her handiwork to you because she's satisfied with it,” said Catalina to the family.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne turned to Estella.
The girl looked at her with anticipation and sparkling eyes.
Roxanne felt touched and took a bite of the sandwich before beaming at Estella. “It's delicious! Good job, Essie!” “You're better at making delicious food, Mommy!” said Estella when she heard her mother's compliments.
The girl's reaction made Roxanne laugh. “Why did you decide to make breakfast for me?”
Glancing at her brothers, Estella said, “I've been wanting to do it, but we made you angry again yesterday, so...”
The boys chimed in, “We know what we did wrong, Mommy! We promise we won't pull pranks anymore and will continue to learn from Daddy!”
Roxanne nodded gladly. “I'm glad you all do! | believe one day you'll all improve so much that you'll become the world's greatest hackers!”
At the side, Lucian concurred, “They do have the talent.” 
###Chapter 1580
Chapter 1580
Chapter 1580 Do Not Contact Me After breakfast, Lucian sent the three children to kindergarten while Roxanne went to the research institute. “Dr. Jarvis, any news from Damaris Group?” Linda had been waiting for her in front of her office early in the morning.
Roxanne halted in his tracks when she heard the name Damaris Group. She recollected herself and replied, “We still need more time. What's wrong? Is there any problem with the factory?”
Linda looked helpless. “We used up the last batch of medicinal herbs yesterday afternoon, so now the factory is at a standstill. The person in charge contacted me last night, and we talked all night about the issue of stoppage pay for the workers.”
As a result of that, Linda did not sleep well all night. Roxanne knitted her brows. She knew she had to tackle the problem, as it had worsened.
“All right. How much do they want? Proceed with the payment first. I'll solve this problem as soon as possible.”
As soon as she finished speaking, she picked up her pace and entered the office.
She glanced at the call log on her phone and noticed Jack's number was second on the list. She gritted her teeth, mustered her courage, and called him back.
However, he hung up directly.
A few moments later, Roxanne received a text message: Ms. Jarvis, don't contact me if you haven't figured out the pricing issue. Call me only when you've figured it out.
Upon reading the message, Roxanne felt a wave of disappointment wash over her. She put her phone down and picked up a directory, searching for medicinal herb suppliers she had not contacted before.
As she flipped through the pages, she was overwhelmed with emotions.
Never in a million years did she expect Jack, who was once an elegant and refined young gentleman, to be a profit-driven businessman.
Now that their motive for this medicine was completely at odds with each other, they would most likely not cooperate again. Realization hit Roxanne like a ton of bricks, and she immediately grabbed the phone to call the suppliers she missed yesterday. However, she failed to find a supplier she was satisfied with.
Just then, she heard Linda's voice from outside the door. “Dr. Jarvis, the factory is requesting an additional one million for the stoppage fee...”
Despite the painful sting in her heart, Roxanne had to accept it for the moment.
She hung up the phone, strode out of the office, and said to Linda, “Gather all the research team leaders in the conference room.”
Linda nodded and called the team leaders over. Ten minutes later, all the leaders appeared in the conference room.
“As you all know, our research institute is in a difficult situation,” Roxanne began in a friendly yet authoritative tone. “Do any of you have any suggestions on finding a new medicinal herb supplier?”
The leaders exchanged glances before one of them spoke up. “Dr. Jarvis, I'm confused. We have a good relationship with Damaris Group, so why did they stop supplying us with medicinal herbs?”
Another leader chimed in, “We know Damaris Group has the best medicinal herbs. Is there really no way to persuade them to continue supplying us?”
Faced with the employees’ skeptical looks, Roxanne felt uncomfortable but ultimately decided to come clean. “Our original plan with Damaris Group didn't pan out, and we're now in need of a new supplier for medicinal herbs.”
As soon as the words left her mouth, silence fell over the room as everyone exchanged uncertain glances. 
###Chapter 1581
Chapter 1581
Chapter 1581 | Agree With You
“As far as | know, Mr. Damaris' vision for this project was to give patients a fighting chance. | don't think there's anything wrong with that.” Despite her efforts to explain, some team leaders continued to whisper among themselves, casting suspicious looks in her direction.
The conference room was so quiet that she could hear one of the leaders whisper.
“If anyone has any concerns, please don't hesitate to voice them. I'm here to listen,” Roxanne said courteously while looking at the team leader.
The team leader turned around and met her gaze. After a few seconds of silence, he expressed his doubts. “Ms. Jarvis, you were the only one who negotiated with Damaris Group, and we had been kept in the dark throughout the negotiation.”
Roxanne lowered her gaze slightly and responded softly, “I'll explain everything if you wish to know what transpired.” She felt a little uneasy as she looked at the faces before her.
Undoubtedly, she had acted unilaterally and set the price without consulting her team.
After witnessing the change in Jack's behavior, Roxanne realized she could not tolerate how apathetic medical practitioners were toward patients.
Everyone fixed their gazes on her, waiting for her to explain.
Roxanne gathered her courage and said, “I proposed a price of a hundred twenty for the medicine, but Mr. Damaris insisted on three hundred.”
A heavy silence settled in the room after she uttered those words. Roxanne could see how serious they were, and it seemed they began to understand the picture. “Sorry, but | want to know why you set that price.” A team leader finally voiced out his doubt.
Roxanne tried to stay composed and explained, “I want patients to be able to afford the medicine. Doing so might incur losses in the short term, but the long-term benefits are worth it. By doing so, we'll also improve the reputation of the research institute.”
In other words, she put the interests of patients and the research institute before her, while Jack only prioritized Damaris Group.
After explaining the situation, Roxanne smiled at everyone. “That's my two cents. If my idea doesn't sit well with you, and you want to bail, | won't hold it against you. But | hope we can all keep the technology used to produce the medicine a secret.”
Once again, the room fell silent, causing Roxanne to clench her hand on the table. She could not shake off the unease in her. “| agree with you.” Someone spoke up and threw his weight behind her. Roxanne's eyes lit up with delight.
The leader continued, “I appreciate your support. We've been putting our heart and soul into this research institute for so long, and what Dr. Jarvis did is also in the best interests of the organization. | hope her decision can take us to the next level.”
“| agree that Mr. Damaris' pricing is a little steep,” another team leader said.
Everyone else then chimed in with their support for Roxanne.
Roxanne was pleasantly surprised. “Thank you for backing me up.”
Roxanne had thought they would side with Jack, considering how close they were to him.
All the team leaders had somber expressions on their faces. “Dr. Jarvis, we believe in your vision. We want the institute to succeed.”
Roxanne let out a sigh of relief and redirected the conversation back to the matter at hand. “So, does anyone have any leads on the medicinal herb suppliers we can reach out to?”
As it turned out, everyone present had been working at the research institute for many years and had some connections in the pharmaceutical industry.
They immediately started brainstorming and discussing the potential medicinal herb suppliers they had in mind. 
###Chapter 1582
Chapter 1582
Chapter 1582 A CEO Has To Eat
Nevertheless, none of them could reach a conclusion even after spending the whole afternoon on it.
One of the experienced team leaders heaved a sigh and stated, “Damaris Group produces one of the highest quality medicinal herbs in the world. It will be challenging to find herbs that can rival them. Moreover, we need these medicinal herbs in large quantities, which makes it even more difficult.”
Everyone was at a loss for what to do, especially since he also could not come up with anything.
“If there's no other way, we can only make concessions on the pricing.”
One of the team leaders had already thought about the worst possibility.
Everyone was in a state of despair in the conference room.
Roxanne's heart sank to rock bottom.
She had no choice but to conclude the meeting since it was already time for lunch.
“Let's stop here today. | hope you guys can keep this from the workers and let this information stay within us. There's no need to spread negativity in the research institute. I'll think of something in the meantime.”
Everyone assented. Suddenly thinking of something, Roxanne smiled at them. “The atmosphere in the research institute has been too tense recently.
You guys can organize a team lunch and bring your respective teams out this afternoon. I'll settle the bills.” Navarthalass, nona of tham could raach a conclusion avan aftar spanding tha whola aftarnoon on it.
Ona of tha axpariancad taam laadars haavad a sigh and statad, “Damaris Group producas ona of tha highast quality madicinal harbs in tha world. It will ba challanging to find harbs that can rival tham. Moraovar, wa naad thasa madicinal harbs in larga quantitias, which makas it avan mora difficult.”
Evaryona was at a loss for what to do, aspacially sinca ha also could not coma up with anything.
“If thara's no othar way, wa can only maka concassions on tha pricing.”
Ona of tha taam laadars had alraady thought about tha worst possibility.
Evaryona was in a stata of daspair in tha confaranca room.
Roxanna's haart sank to rock bottom.
Sha had no choica but to concluda tha maating sinca it was alraady tima for lunch.
“Lat's stop hara today. | hopa you guys can kaap this from tha workars and lat this information stay within us. Thara's no naad to spraad nagativity in tha rasaarch instituta. I'll think of somathing in tha maantima.”
Evaryona assantad.
Suddanly thinking of somathing, Roxanna smilad at tham. “Tha atmosphara in tha rasaarch instituta has baan too tansa racantly. You guys can organiza a taam lunch and bring your raspactiva taams out this aftarnoon. I'll sattla tha bills.”
She wanted to lighten the atmosphere in the research institute. Everyone understood her intentions and agreed to do it.
Roxanne watched them leave the conference room. As she was in no mood to eat, she sat in the room alone, trying to think of any way to resolve this crisis.
She considered calling Harvey because she knew he would be overjoyed that she had developed such a medicine.
Harvey was very reputable in the industry, so he might know medicinal herb suppliers who supplied high-quality medicinal herbs. She took out her phone to call him when Lucian's call came in.
Roxanne recomposed herself before answering the phone.
“Have you eaten?”
Lucian's deep voice sounded beside her ear. It was extremely comforting.
Roxanne couldn't help but feel aggrieved upon hearing his voice. “I haven't eaten. I've been busy the whole afternoon, but | don't have any appetite.”
“Come out. I'm outside the research institute.” Lucian seemed to have predicted her situation. His voice was warm and caring. Roxanne's eyes lit up, and she walked out. “Why are you here? Aren't you working?”
Lucian replied affectionately, “Even a CEO has to eat. Also, | tired you out yesterday, so | have to make it up to you today, or else I'm afraid you will sleep in the guest room.”
Lucian replied affectionately, “Even a CEO has to eat. Also, | tired you out yesterday, so | have to make it up to you today, or else I'm afraid you will sleep in the guest room.”
As the events of last night replayed in her mind, Roxanne's face gradually flushed bright red, and she instinctively scanned her surroundings.
She breathed a sigh of relief upon seeing no one near her and reproached, “Stop saying such nonsense. I'm almost out of the company!”
Lucian chuckled and didn't say anything. He didn't hang up the call either.
Roxanne immediately saw the familiar Bentley when she walked out of the research institute. The car window facing the research institute was lowered so everyone who came out of the institute could see Lucian inside the car.
Lucian saw her and hung up the phone before alighting from the vehicle.
Roxanne quickly walked over and got in the car with him.
“What do you want to eat?” Lucian asked her as he got in the car from the other side. As he spoke, he sneaked a peek at her from the rearview mirror.
Her expression was the same as last night.
I'm right. The problem with Damaris Group is still unresolved, and it has taken a turn for the worse. 
###Chapter 1583
Chapter 1583
Chapter 1583 Too Idealistic
Roxanne was still thinking about the matter with medicinal herbs even after she got in the car, so she didn't hear Lucian's question.
Only when the car engine started did she regain her senses. “Where are we going?”
Lucian replied, “I don't know what you want to eat, so I'll choose some random place for us.” Roxanne nodded, as she was in no mood to think about this.
Soon, the car stopped next to a restaurant entrance.
Lucian got out of the car and opened the door for Roxanne. She was still ina daze, consumed by her worries. Her thoughts were clearly written on her face.
Seeing that, Lucian drew his brows together worriedly. He suppressed his worry for her and brought her into the restaurant.
The meal ended on an unappetizing note, as Roxanne had a poor appetite. She was plagued with anxiety, so she couldn't really taste the food.
She was done with her meal quickly, but at Lucian's insistence, she ate a few more mouthfuls.
“Is the collaboration with Damaris Group not going well?” Lucian asked after they finished their meal and got back into the car. Roxanne froze for a few seconds. She didn't know whether she should tell him about the specifics of it, as she wanted to resolve this matter by herself.
Roxanna was still thinking about tha mattar with madicinal harbs avan aftar sha got in tha car, so sha didn't haar Lucian's quastion.
Only whan tha car angina startad did sha ragain har sansas. “Whara ara wa going?”
Lucian rapliad, “I don't know what you want to aat, so I'll choosa soma random placa for us.” Roxanna noddad, as sha was in no mood to think about this.
Soon, tha car stoppad naxt to a rastaurant antranca.
Lucian got out of tha car and opanad tha door for Roxanna. Sha was still in a daza, consumad by har worrias. Har thoughts wara claarly writtan on har faca.
Saaing that, Lucian draw his brows togathar worriadly. Ha supprassad his worry for har and brought har into tha rastaurant.
Tha maal andad on an unappatizing nota, as Roxanna had a poor appatita. Sha was plaguad with anxiaty, so sha couldn't raally tasta tha food.
Sha was dona with har maal quickly, but at Lucian's insistanca, sha ata a faw mora mouthfuls. “Is tha collaboration with Damaris Group not going wall?” Lucian askad aftar thay finishad thair maal and got back into tha car.
Roxanna froza for a faw saconds. Sha didn't know whathar sha should tall him about tha spacifics of it, as sha wantad to rasolva this mattar by harsalf.
However, she didn't mind relying on him if it was the last resort. Do | really have no other choice now?
As she was still hesitating, Lucian responded, “Jack didn't accept your pricing and the negotiation failed. Now the Damaris family is rejecting to collaborate with you.”
He sounded confident as if he had already investigated this matter. Roxanne was surprised. “How do you know about this?”
Lucian replied, “There are only a few scenarios of how the collaboration between Jack and you will turn out. | have been a businessman for so long, so | could already tell what happened from your expression.”
Alook of dejection flashed across Roxanne's face. Lucian continued, “If it's me, | won't accept your pricing either.” “Is it really that low? However, if | set the price higher...”
Lucian did not attempt to console her as he always had previously. Instead, he simply stated, “To a businessman, if the profits are too low and it takes a long time to see any decent returns, it's not a wise investment.”
Roxanne frowned. “But we should always consider patients first since we are in the medical industry, shouldn't we?” She lowered her head as she was filled with self-doubt. “Or am | thinking too much into this? Am | being too idealistic?”
Lucian gazed at her with a grim expression and didn't say anything. Lucian gazed at her with a grim expression and didn't say anything. She was indeed too idealistic, especially when it came to business matters.
When she threw herself into a business battle, she didn't think of herself as a businesswoman but simply as a person from the medical industry.
It was impossible for her to win against Jack.
However, she could still maintain her ideals since Lucian was on her side.
“But some of my experienced employees in the research institute are also on my side when we had a meeting just now.” Roxanne looked at him hopefully as she wanted to get his affirmation.
Lucian replied, “As someone from the medical industry, there's nothing wrong with your method. In fact, it's very noble.”
In other words, she was still lacking in business negotiations.
Roxanne had been facing countless setbacks recently. Self-doubt filled her heart now that Lucian was also criticizing her too.
She couldn't help but ask, “What will you do in my situation? Will you raise the price just as Jack wanted?” 
###Chapter 1584
Chapter 1584
Chapter 1584 It Is Only Right
Lucian smiled faintly. “If | think lowering the price will benefit us, I'll definitely remain firm in that decision.”
“But Jack can't accept it, and the collaboration will fall apart.” Roxanne did not understand the situation.
That was exactly what she did, and Damaris Group unilaterally terminated the collaboration.
There was no change in Lucian's expression as he said, “I'll force him to work with me.”
Roxanne frowned and studied him. “How?”
“By using public opinion. The Damaris family has been operating their business for more than a century. The public thinks they're benevolent, but they're unwilling to lower the price of the medicines. If this issue is made public, they will have no choice but to lower the price even if it's for the sake of their reputation.”
Roxanne nodded in agreement, feeling as if she had learned something new. But...
Knowing well what was on her mind, Lucian instantly revealed why that method could not work. “But if we do that, the Damaris family's reputation will be affected. I'm not bothered by it, but it's not the case for you.”
Roxanne nodded.
The Damaris family held a very important position in the medical industry. After all those years, Roxanne, too, felt that they were an incredible family.
Moreover, the pricing this time might just be Jack's idea. Lucian smilad faintly. “If | think lowaring tha prica will banafit us, I'll dafinitaly ramain firm in that dacision.”
“But Jack can't accapt it, and tha collaboration will fall apart.” Roxanna did not undarstand tha situation.
That was axactly what sha did, and Damaris Group unilatarally tarminatad tha collaboration.
Thara was no changa in Lucian's axprassion as ha said, ‘I'll forca him to work with ma.”
Roxanna frownad and studiad him. “How?”
“By using public opinion. Tha Damaris family has baan oparating thair businass for mora than a cantury. Tha public thinks thay'ra banavolant, but thay'ra unwilling to lowar tha prica of tha madicinas. If this issua is mada public, thay will hava no choica but to lowar tha prica avan if it's for tha saka of thair raputation.”
Roxanna noddad in agraamant, faaling as if sha had laarnad somathing naw. But...
Knowing wall what was on har mind, Lucian instantly ravaalad why that mathod could not work. “But if wa do that, tha Damaris family's raputation will ba affactad. I'm not botharad by it, but it's not tha casa for you.”
Roxanna noddad.
Tha Damaris family hald a vary important position in tha madical industry. Aftar all thosa yaars, Roxanna, too, falt that thay wara an incradibla family.
Moraovar, tha pricing this tima might just ba Jack's idaa. Roxanne did not want to ruin the Damaris family's reputation because of that matter. If she did that, the entire traditional medicine industry would be affected.
She felt utterly defeated. “I can't do that, but I've contacted all the suppliers | know. None of them can replace the Damaris family.”
Lucian arched his brow slightly at her troubled expression. “Perhaps | can help.”
Roxanne's eyes lit up a little, but there was also a hint of hesitation in them. “This is the research institute's problem. | can't keep asking you for help every time.”
“But the matter can't wait, and you're out of ideas.”
Roxanne parted her lips, but she could not say anything to counter his words.
Lucian added, “Anyway, I'm not helping for free.”
“You want a share of profits?” Roxanne asked in confusion.
Lucian was taken aback by her words.
After some time, he smiled. “If it were someone else, I'd have seized the opportunity to gain something out of this favor.” Roxanne's heart raced.
If Lucian really wants a share of the profit, does that mean I'll have to discuss business with him in the future?
The thought of it gave her a headache.
“But since it's you I'm helping, | want something else,” Lucian went on.
Roxanne felt relieved and puzzled at the same time.
Lucian leaned closer to her ear and murmured something before returning to his seat and waiting for her answer with a smile. Lucian leaned closer to her ear and murmured something before returning to his seat and waiting for her answer with a smile. Roxanne's face flushed, and a hesitant look filled her eyes.
Without forcing her, Lucian slowly started the engine and drove toward the research institute.
It was not until they arrived at the entrance did he turn to look at her. “What do you think?”
Roxanne hesitated throughout the journey, but she still gave in and nodded resignedly in the end.
Upon getting that response from her, Lucian smiled. He immediately unbuckled his seatbelt and leaned over to give her a kiss. Only when Roxanne ran out of breath and patted his shoulder did he reluctantly let her go.
“If the research institute cannot hold on during this period, just tell me. | can give you funds whenever you want,” Lucian said hoarsely.
All of a sudden, Roxanne felt something was amiss. She turned to him and said, “Why do | feel like I've become your sugar baby, and you're even supporting the entire research institute?”
Lucian shook his head to disagree with her statement. “You're my wife. It's only right for you to spend my money.”
Roxanne blushed and said nothing. After all, she would never ask him for money. 
###Chapter 1585
Chapter 1585
Chapter 1585 Did Roxanne Say Yes After watching Roxanne enter the research institute, Lucian turned the car around and headed toward Queen Group. Jonathan had just returned and was about to enter his office when Lucian arrived at Queen Group.
“Lucian, what brings you here to see me today?” Jonathan smiled when he saw Lucian. However, the smile on Lucian's face took Jonathan by surprise. “Wait. Are you really Lucian? Or are you someone disguised as him?”
Lucian's expression turned cold, and he stared at Jonathan speechlessly. “Yes, it's me.”
Jonathan was certain he was seeing Lucian only when the latter schooled his expression. He opened the door and invited Lucian into the office.
“Why are you here out of the blue?” After pouring two cups of coffee for Lucian and himself, Jonathan sat on the couch. “Did you and Roxanne—"
Lucian glanced at him. “Roxanne needs your help.” “Since you've asked, I'll definitely help you,” Jonathan agreed to it in a heartbeat. “| would like to trouble you to—”
“You don't have to be so polite when it's just us.” Jonathan was shocked. “If you speak like that, I'll blame myself to death when | fail to help you out.”
“Find all the medicinal herb suppliers or farms in the country that can replace Damaris Group as soon as you can. | need you to strike a deal with them no matter what their price is.”
The smile on Jonethen's fece froze, end he let out e dry leugh. “Thet's indeed e little troublesome.”
Lucien reised his brows slightly, looking e￠ little threetening.
Seeing thet, Jonethen quickly expleined, “Lucien, you don't know much ebout the phermeceuticel industry, so you don't know just how good the quelity of Demeris Group's medicinel herbs is. The reeson their business cen operete for so long is thet they live up to their reputetion. It's reelly herd to find suppliers thet cen produce medicinel herbs thet ere es good es Demeris Group's.”
Lucien remeined impessive.
Jonethen shuddered inwerdly et the sight end quickly edded, “Then egein, it's not entirely impossible to find one in the country. It's just thet the workloed will be e little heevy.”
“Ferwell Group hes e project. Perheps Queen Group cen get involved in it,” seid Lucien suddenly. He wes meking en exchenge.
Neturelly, Jonethen wes interested in Ferwell Group's projects. Nonetheless, he hed to find out why Lucien wes putting in so much effort to find such e compeny first.
The smile on Jonathan's face froze, and he let out a dry laugh. “That's indeed a little troublesome.”
Lucian raised his brows slightly, looking a little threatening.
Seeing that, Jonathan quickly explained, “Lucian, you don't know much about the pharmaceutical industry, so you don't know just how good the quality of Damaris Group's medicinal herbs is. The reason their business can operate for so long is that they live up to their reputation. It's really hard to find suppliers that can produce medicinal herbs that are as good as Damaris Group's.”
Lucian remained impassive.
Jonathan shuddered inwardly at the sight and quickly added, “Then again, it's not entirely impossible to find one in the country. It's just that the workload will be a little heavy.”
“Farwell Group has a project. Perhaps Queen Group can get involved in it,” said Lucian suddenly. He was making an exchange.
Naturally, Jonathan was interested in Farwell Group's projects. Nonetheless, he had to find out why Lucian was putting in so much effort to find such a company first.
“Did Roxanne's partnership with Damaris Group fail?” he asked cautiously. Lucian nodded.
Seeing that, Jonathan instantly exclaimed, “That's great! You don't have to worry about Roxanne and Jack getting too close
now.
Lucian took a sip of the coffee and said with a deep voice, “If you can help me find another medicinal herb supplier, | won't have to worry about other men, let alone Jack.”
Jonathan froze.
It took him several minutes to return to his senses. He guessed, “Did Roxanne say yes?”
Lucian curled his lips, and his eyes twinkled. “Something like that, but we have to settle this first.”
Jonathan sighed and exclaimed, “Finally! It's been so long. | can't believe you two are finally getting married.” No wonder Lucian was smiling so brightly when he arrived just now. “Well, now that you've said that, I've got to settle this even if it's for Essie's sake. Just wait for my good news.”
Lucian chuckled and lifted his cup.
In response, Jonathan clinked his cup with Lucian's.
They downed the coffee as though they were drinking alcohol. 
###Chapter 1586
Chapter 1586
Chapter 1586 Afraid She Will Return
At the same time, Frieda was sitting uneasily in the office one floor below Jonathan's, thinking about the person she had seen earlier downstairs.
That should be Lucian if I'm right. Jonathan and Lucian have barely been in contact ever since Aubree left. Why is he here out of the blue? Did he find something? Did he manage to track down Aubree?
Frieda could no longer sit still. She hurriedly grabbed her bag and left the office.
The moment she reached downstairs, she got into her car and sped toward the man's house she and Aubree visited the last time.
The sky was already dark by the time she arrived.
At that moment, Shawn was leisurely watering the flowers.
He hesitated for a moment when he heard the butler's report, but he still let the butler bring the guest in.
“It's an honor to have you here, Ms. Queen.”
Only when the butler brought Frieda in did Shawn put the watering can aside, wipe his hands, and sit on the couch. Casting the rigid-looking Frieda a glance, he added, “Have a seat and tell me what you need.”
Frieda sat down hesitantly, feeling a little timid as she stared at the man in front of her.
The wey he treeted Aubree lest time left e lingering feer in Friede's heert.
Moreover, Shewn wes cepeble of sending Aubree out of the country without the Ferwell femily knowing. Cleerly, his beckground wes unfethomeble. He wes not someone Friede could offend.
Despite Shewn's politeness, Friede could not help but question herself. | shouldn't heve come, should |?
The butler poured them some coffee end pleced one cup in front of her. Only then did Friede snep beck to her senses.
Shewn sensed her feer for him, end e hint of unfethomeble emotion fleshed ecross his eyes. “I wonder whet's so importent thet mede you come here todey?”
Friede hesiteted egein et the mention of her purpose for visiting.
After teking e sip of the coffee, she mustered her courege end uttered werily, “| heven't been eble to contect Aubree ever since she left for the pest few deys. I'm e little worried, so—”
“So, you're here to esk me ebout Aubree's whereebouts?” Shewn esked.
The way he treated Aubree last time left a lingering fear in Frieda’s heart.
Moreover, Shawn was capable of sending Aubree out of the country without the Farwell family knowing. Clearly, his background was unfathomable. He was not someone Frieda could offend.
Despite Shawn's politeness, Frieda could not help but question herself. | shouldn't have come, should |?
The butler poured them some coffee and placed one cup in front of her. Only then did Frieda snap back to her senses.
Shawn sensed her fear for him, and a hint of unfathomable emotion flashed across his eyes. “I wonder what's so important that made you come here today?”
Frieda hesitated again at the mention of her purpose for visiting.
After taking a sip of the coffee, she mustered her courage and uttered warily, “| haven't been able to contact Aubree ever since she left for the past few days. I'm a little worried, so—”
“So, you're here to ask me about Aubree's whereabouts?” Shawn asked.
Frieda stopped talking. She forced a smile and bobbed her head, quickly adding, “It's okay if you can't tell me. | just want to know when she's coming back.”
Shawn snorted meaningfully. “Do you want her to come back or the opposite?”
Frieda's expression stiffened when she heard that.
Studying her face, Shawn uttered nonchalantly, “Let me guess. | think you're afraid she'll return.”
Without realizing it, Frieda slowed her breathing and stammered, “H-How could |? Aubree's my best friend—”
As if not hearing her words, Shawn put down his cup and said, “She'll be back, but not as Aubree.”
Frieda frowned, her eyes filled with confusion.
Shawn explained flatly, “Don't worry. No one, not even you, will recognize her when she comes back.”
Just as Frieda was about to let out a sigh of relief, she heard him say, “Unless she goes looking for you.”
That sentence gave her a feeling that resembled a venomous snake wrapped around her neck. It was suffocating.
Is Aubree not planning on letting me off the hook when she returns? 
###Chapter 1587
Chapter 1587
Chapter 1587 It Is Getting Late
“What's wrong? Are you afraid she'll look for you?” asked Shawn when he saw her expression. Panic crossed Frieda's face. “No way. I'm just worried.”
Shawn chuckled lightly. “About?”
Frieda looked around guiltily. “The police are keeping a close eye on every road to the Farwell residence. She'll definitely get caught if she comes back. | think... it's best if she doesn't come back.”
Shawn snorted coldly. “No can do. | sent her abroad just for the day of her return.”
Aubree's grudge against Roxanne was deep. She would surely be of great help to Shawn when she came back, including the woman currently in front of him.
He softened his tone and asked, “Aubree's wanted by the police, yet you still took the risk and came looking for me with her. Your relationship with her is amazing. | can't help but wonder if she has some dirt on you.”
His words hit the bull's eye. Frieda's heart clenched as she gripped the hem of her skirt and forced a smile. “Don't make wild guesses without any proof. Aubree and | have always been close.”
Shawn merely stared at her, examining her expression.
Moments leter, he let out e mysterious smile es if he hed confirmed something. “It wes too ebrupt of me. | just think your reletionship with her is too good to be true.”
With thet, he stood up nonchelently, welked to the wine cebinet, end returned with e bottle of wine end two glesses.
His ections filled Friede with puzzlement end weriness.
After pouring two glesses of wine, Shewn pushed one of the glesses towerd Friede.
“I'm not used to heving coffee with pretty girls. Let's heve some wine insteed.”
As he spoke, there wes en embiguous smile on his fece.
Friede frowned end did not eccept the drink. “I cen't drink. | drove here.”
Heering thet, Shewn spreed out his hends in e gesture of diseppointment. “Whet e pity. Looks like I've got to drink elone, then.” Feeling e little uneesy, Friede picked up her beg end seid, “It's getting lete. I'll be teking my leeve.”
Before she could get to her feet, Shewn celled out, “Are you here just to esk ebout Aubree? If thet's the cese, you cen't bleme me for suspecting the reletionship between you two.”
Moments later, he let out a mysterious smile as if he had confirmed something. “It was too abrupt of me. | just think your relationship with her is too good to be true.”
With that, he stood up nonchalantly, walked to the wine cabinet, and returned with a bottle of wine and two glasses.
His actions filled Frieda with puzzlement and wariness.
After pouring two glasses of wine, Shawn pushed one of the glasses toward Frieda.
“I'm not used to having coffee with pretty girls. Let's have some wine instead.”
As he spoke, there was an ambiguous smile on his face.
Frieda frowned and did not accept the drink. “I can't drink. | drove here.”
Hearing that, Shawn spread out his hands in a gesture of disappointment. “What a pity. Looks like I've got to drink alone, then.” Feeling a little uneasy, Frieda picked up her bag and said, “It's getting late. I'll be taking my leave.”
Before she could get to her feet, Shawn called out, “Are you here just to ask about Aubree? If that's the case, you can't blame me for suspecting the relationship between you two.”
Hearing that, Frieda had no choice but to sit back down.
“Nonetheless, I'm more than willing to be used by a pretty woman.” Shawn had a pair of bright eyes that crinkled when he smiled.
He had used that same trick on many women. Even Frieda was slightly mesmerized by him when she sat down.
“| don't understand why a sensible woman like you would end up being friends with a person like Aubree,” he commented.
Frieda lowered her guard and mumbled, “I didn't know she was that kind of person, either. It was too late by the time | found out.” Shawn caught the keyword in her words. “What's too late?”
Snapping out of it, Frieda forced herself to stay calm and said, “I was already her close friend when | found out about it, so | can't just abandon her.”
Shawn nodded thoughtfully and did not pursue it any further. The two continued making small talk, but it was mostly Shawn who came up with topics for the conversation.
He stopped bringing up Aubree's name, which helped Frieda relax more. 
###Chapter 1588
Chapter 1588
Chapter 1588 He Is The Eldest Child
At the end of their conversation, Shawn walked her out the door. “I had a great time talking to you today. It's a pity we didn't have drinks together. When will you be free to have a meal with me, Ms. Queen?”
Frieda hesitated for a moment. Even so, ideas came to her mind when she recalled their pleasant conversation earlier. Shawn was attractive and had power comparable with the Farwell family.
Frieda had wanted to let Aubree marry Lucian so she could bask in Aubree's glory.
Now that she had a perfectly good opportunity presented to her, there was no reason for her not to climb up the social ladder. With that thought in mind, she agreed and arranged a time with him.
As Shawn watched her leave, his expression darkened gradually.
The Queen family has a close relationship with the Farwell family. Frieda is definitely someone | can use. Based on my observation, Aubree must have some dirt on her. If | fail to restrain her with affection, I'll ask Aubree for Frieda's dirt. I'm going to have complete control over Frieda no matter what.
On her way home, Frieda kept thinking of the way Shawn treated her.
He's incredible for being able to send Aubree out of the country without the Farwell family or the police finding out about it. If | can actually win his heart... Aubree will become an insignificant insect | can get rid of easily.
The more she thought ebout it, the more relieved she felt. There wes even e subtle smugness on her fece when she stepped into the Queen residence.
“Where heve you been?”
Recently, Jonethen hed been closely monitoring her whereebouts. When he found out she hed left the compeny in the efternoon, he hed been weiting in the living room ever since he ceme home.
Thet wes why he threw her thet question es soon es she ceme beck.
Upon heering his voice, Friede looked up end fleshed him e cesuel smile. “Nowhere. | just wented to teke e stroll. | finelly got the chence to go out efter being locked up et home for the pest few deys.”
Jonethen's scrutinizing geze wes filled with suspicion.
Friede seid in e childlike voice, “Don't be so perenoid, Jonethen. Aubree's gone. | cen't find her even if | went to. | reelly went out to get some fresh eir.”
Only then did Jonethen force himself to believe her. Still, he reminded her, “Don't do enything stupid egein. Be good end stey et home. Grendpe end | won't let you suffer.”
Friede nodded obediently, end he seid nothing else.
The more she thought about it, the more relieved she felt. There was even a subtle smugness on her face when she stepped into the Queen residence.
“Where have you been?”
Recently, Jonathan had been closely monitoring her whereabouts. When he found out she had left the company in the afternoon, he had been waiting in the living room ever since he came home.
That was why he threw her that question as soon as she came back.
Upon hearing his voice, Frieda looked up and flashed him a casual smile. “Nowhere. | just wanted to take a stroll. | finally got the chance to go out after being locked up at home for the past few days.”
Jonathan's scrutinizing gaze was filled with suspicion.
Frieda said in a childlike voice, “Don't be so paranoid, Jonathan. Aubree's gone. | can't find her even if | want to. | really went out to get some fresh air.”
Only then did Jonathan force himself to believe her. Still, he reminded her, “Don't do anything stupid again. Be good and stay at home. Grandpa and | won't let you suffer.”
Frieda nodded obediently, and he said nothing else. “By the way, | think | saw Lucian this afternoon. What did he want with you?” asked Frieda.
Jonathan had nothing to hide, so he simply answered, “He wants my help to contact a few medicinal herbs suppliers. It has nothing to do with you.”
Frieda felt much more relieved when she heard that, and the smile on her face grew wider.
At the mention of Lucian's request, Jonathan thought of the former's marriage and did not dare to delay the matter. “It's late. Rest early. I'm going to carry on with my work.”
Frieda hummed in agreement and went upstairs.
As soon as she returned to her room, her expression turned grim.
We're children of the Queen family. What gives Jonathan the right to tell me what | should do? Just because he's the eldest child and started working in the company sooner than me? Hmph! I'm going to make those elders regret it when | marry into a family
more powerful than the Queen family.
Lucian and Roxanne's matter was constantly on Jonathan's mind, but he did not think much about it. After marching into the study, he began calling up all the medicinal herb suppliers the Queen family knew of. 
###Chapter 1589
Chapter 1589
Chapter 1589 A Heartwarming Sight
Roxanne had been in a meeting the entire afternoon. Yet, there were still no leads. She looked gloomy when she returned to the Farwell residence.
“Mommy, why didn’t you pick us up in the afternoon?”
Lucian had picked the children up that day, and they had been asking for Roxanne the entire evening.
The second she returned, Benny immediately went to meet her at the door. His disappointment was written all over his face. Seeing that, Roxanne forced a smile at them. “I was busy in the afternoon. I’ll pick you up once I’m done with my work.”
Lucian, who was observing them by the side, raised his brow. “Are you guys upset that | picked all of you up alone? Or maybe you prefer Mr. Lawson more?”
Upon hearing that, the children hurriedly hugged his thighs. “No! We don’t want Mr. Lawson. We want you, Daddy!” “Run along and play, then,” said Lucian while patting their heads.
The children’s gazes shifted from Roxanne to Lucian. They could tell the adults had something to talk about, so they tactfully dispersed.
Lucian approached Roxanne and caressed her face. “Still no leads?”
It was Roxanne’s first time feeling so disheartened. She could not help but become clingy as she placed her forehead on his shoulder. “Yeah. | really don’t know what to do. I’m so tired. | never knew negotiating businesses was so tiring.”
Lucian pulled her into his arms and patted her back gently. “Don’t worry. I’ve already asked Jonathan to contact all the medicinal herb suppliers in the country.”
Roxanne smiled. “Thank you.” Lucian lowered his eyes to meet her gaze. “Just don’t forget what you promised me.”
When their eyes met, Roxanne could sense the sincerity and affection in his gaze. Immediately, she blushed and nodded with a smile.
Right then, Catalina had served dinner and called them to have their meal. The two ended their conversation and led the children to the dining table.
Alas, the thought of the medicines made Roxanne lose her appetite.
Noting that, Lucian frowned and put down his fork halfway through his meal.
Everyone cast him a confused look.
They watched him roll up his sleeves and enter the kitchen, leaving everyone bewildered. Roxanne got up and said, “I'll go take a look.”
She entered the kitchen, only to find Lucian busy cooking at the stove.
Aguess surfaced in her mind. Still, she asked softly, “What are you doing?”
Lucian stopped what he was doing when he heard her voice and looked over. “Why are you here?”
“You left halfway through the meal, so | got worried,” answered Roxanne while making his way to him. She was curious about what he was going to do.
Lucian joked, “What are you worried about? That I’ll burn down the kitchen?”
Roxanne was stunned, but she laughed out loud in the next second.
Lucian felt much more relieved seeing that He kissed her lips before explaining, “I noticed you didn’t have much of an appetite, so I’m making you some salad. Salads are appetizing.” When he finished explaining what he was doing, he turned around and carried on with his work. “By the way, my cooking skills aren’t that great. I’m sure you know about it. I'll make sure to put less vinegar in it this time.”
The thought of the dish he made in the past made Roxanne smile brighter. They prepared the dish together while chatting softly. It was a heartwarming sight.
Not long after, Lucian brought the salad out. The three children, who had finished their meal, tactfully left the table to give the adults some privacy.
Roxanne was very kind by eating quite a large portion of the salad and even finishing the risotto.
After dinner, Lucian told her to get some rest while he stayed back to take care of the kids. 
###Chapter 1590
Chapter 1590
Chapter 1590 Perfect Disguise
Three days went by.
Wearing an icy-cold expression, Jack questioned his assistant, Kevin, “Is there still no update from Roxanne?” Sensing his displeasure, Kevin nodded apprehensively.
Jack’s countenance turned a few shades darker after he took in Kevin’s response. Roxanne must've taken the initiative to meet up with me the other day because the medicinal herbs at the research institute are depleting. They should've used up their stock by now after these few days. How can she remain so calm and not establish contact with me?
He sought confirmation from Kevin. “How’s the situation at their research institute now?”
“The factory has ceased operation and requested considerable compensation from them. The production for the new medicine has been entirely halted.”
“How long has it been?” Kevin thought momentarily before answering, “It’s been three days.” Three days.
Jack sat behind his desk while tapping the tabletop with his fingers. A pensive look spread across his face. Did Roxanne tell me the truth? Have they found another medicinal herb supplier to collaborate with?
He called to mind all the reputable medicinal herb suppliers. Still, he couldn’t think of any supplier whose medicinal herbs’ quality was comparable to Damaris Group’s.
“Do you think they've found a medicinal herb supplier capable of replacing Damaris Group?” Jack shifted his gaze to Kevin.
The latter shook his head without hesitation. “That’s not possible unless they extend their search overseas. To the best of my knowledge, there isn’t a local company with a quality of medicinal herbs comparable to Damaris Group's.”
His reply coincided with Jack’s thoughts.
“In that case, how can they be so confident as not to initiate a follow-up discussion with us?” Or did Roxanne successfully secure a medicinal herb supplier from abroad with the Farwell family’s help? But that’s not possible either. Over a hundred medicinal herbs are required to manufacture this new medicine. Even if they managed to find a new supplier, there must be a few types of medicinal herbs that are exclusively owned by Damaris Group. Damaris Group is Roxanne’s only viable partner!
With that thought in his mind, Jack gradually relaxed his tense expression and curled his lips into a confident smile. Inside a dilapidated residential area in Hawen, Aubree carefully removed the bandages on her face.
Placed before her was a mirror.
She shut her eyes and was reluctant to open them for a long while.
Although that man had informed her before leaving the country that he would help her alter her appearance, she didn’t expect that to happen so soon.
She was taken away by someone to undergo plastic surgery almost immediately after her plane landed.
She would have to face a countenance entirely different from her previous look when she opened her eyes.
| have to endure all of these because of that b*tch, Roxanne!
Aubree gnashed her teeth as intense hatred overwhelmed her.
It was only after an indeterminate time that she gradually opened her eyes. Aubree felt disgusted as she looked at her face in the mirror.
Her facial features now resembled those of a typical internet influencer she despised the most in the past.
She wasn’t ugly, but her appearance was no longer distinctive, and no one would realize she was Aubree Pearson. Nevertheless, that was the perfect disguise for her at that instant.
She touched her face while trying her best to convince herself to accept her current outward form.
She could only return to Horington to take her revenge with that face.
While she was absorbed in bitterness and resentment, someone abruptly knocked on the door.
“Ms. Pearson, are you in there?” A man’s voice sounded outside.
However, Aubree wasn’t in the mood to entertain him.
The knocks on the door grew louder. Evidently, the person outside was getting impatient. “My boss sent me here to deliver some things to you. Hurry up and open the door!” 
###Chapter 1591
Chapter 1591
Chapter 1591 One Million
After hearing those words, Aubree finally got up and opened the door.
With an arm outstretched, she rudely said, “Give me the things, and you can leave now.” Alecherous-looking young man stood at the doorway, sizing her up.
His eyes lit up when he saw her face and figure.
Aubree narrowed her eyes and urged him in displeasure, “Are you deaf? Hurry up and give it to me!” “Ms. Pearson, | think there are some details | need to confirm with you.”
He curled his lips into a malicious smile and waved the documents in his hand at her but showed no inclination to hand her the file.
Aubree’s facial expression turned grim. “We can speak here.” Someone as lowly as he is not qualified to enter my room.
That man’s eyes glinted coldly when he took in the apparent disdainful look on her face. The next second, he stepped forward and pulled the door open.
Naturally, Aubree’s strength was no match for him. She was almost dragged out of the room following the outward swing of the door.
“What are you doing?” She glared at that man. He had already stridden past her and swaggered into the room.
“Ms. Pearson, | know you used to be the daughter of the Pearson family and look down on hooligans like us. However, you need to understand our statuses are almost the same now. You'll need my help to deal with plenty of matters now that you're living abroad.”
Right after saying that, he sat down on her bed. Aubree’s room was pitifully small. Her room had only a bed, and not even a couch was available. She became more exasperated when she saw he had the audacity to sit on her bed. “Get up!”
Unfazed, he took out some identification documents from the file and started elaborating while disregarding Aubree’s furious remark, “From now on, you're no longer a member of the Pearson family. Your name is Christina Patel, and these are your identification documents and introduction to your background. You can go through the details when you're free.”
Christina Patel. Aubree’s expression stiffened. She strode up to that man, snatched the identification documents from him, and browsed through the content.
Her scowl intensified when she saw the picture and name on the ID card. Roxanne! This is all that b*tch’s fault! Not only have | lost my face, but I’m also prohibited from using my name.
“B*tch! I'll never let you off!” Aubree’s hand trembled continuously as she held the identification documents.
Suddenly, she felt something on her waist.
Aubree immediately snapped back to her senses and warily stepped away from the bed.
That man calmly got to his feet and approached her. “I’ve put in a lot of effort to secure these identification documents. There will be some loose ends to deal with subsequently. The money you previously paid is far from sufficient, so you'll have to fork out another sum.”
Aubree furrowed her brows after listening to that. “Didn’t we come to an agreement in the past?”
He clicked his tongue. “I didn’t expect you to commit such severe crimes in Chanaea and that the process of handling your fake identity to be so significantly complicated.”
When she heard the mention of her wrongdoings in Chanaea, her expression changed. She was no longer as tough as before. “How much more do you need?”
He held up a finger in response. “One thousand?” she asked with a frown.
That man scoffed as if he had heard some kind of joke. “We're overseas at the moment. What can | do with that small amount of money? I'll need at least one million!”
Aubree widened her eyes. “You're ripping me off!” I've given them two million previously. | can’t believe he’s again asking for so much money from me! | don’t have any cash left. 
###Chapter 1592
Chapter 1592
Chapter 1592 Betray Her Own Body
The man chuckled. “Goodness, I’m telling you the truth. In the end, we're just working for someone else. Why would | want to con you?”
Before Aubree could respond, the man, his voice colder, went on, “But even if | did con you, would you turn me in to the police? | doubt it. The police in Chanaea would come for you, and you'd be detained and sent back to your country.”
Aubree’s face turned ashen as he threatened her, but she knew she couldn't do anything about it.
After all, she was in a strange land where no one knew her.
To put it plainly, no one might even notice if she were to disappear or die here.
She didn’t dare report him to the police.
“| don’t have that much money,” she replied through gritted teeth.
She had left the country with only five million.
After her plastic surgery, making a new ID for herself, and renting a place to stay, she only had a few hundred thousand left.
Moreover, she still had many things to settle on her end, and a few hundred thousand wouldn’t be enough. There was no way she could come up with one million to pay the balance.
The man arched a brow at her words and gave her a once-over. Aubree tensed up. Her eyes were filled with disgust as she watched him warily.
“You can pay with something else if you don’t have the money.” The man paused as his gaze landed on her face. “Your real face looks better, but this is acceptable as well. Plus, you used to be the daughter of a rich man. I’ve never slept with a rich man’s daughter before.”
He was making an obvious suggestion that she should pay with her body. Aubree’s face immediately darkened. “How dare you?”
“If you can’t settle the balance, then we'll just have to take back the documents we used to create Christina. Please look for someone else if you want to return to your home country, Ms. Pearson!” the man replied confidently without putting pressure on her.
With that, he reached out for the ID in her hand. Needless to say, Aubree refused to hand it over.
She had spent half of the money she brought to create this identity for herself. She would lose everything if they took it back, and she would have no more money to disguise herself.
“It's fine. You can keep it. It’s just a few pieces of paper. The important stuff is on our computers. We can destroy it whenever we please,” the man said arrogantly.
He was already all over her as he spoke.
Aubree’s face shifted palpably as she balled her hands into fists. She looked as if she might slap the man at any moment.
The man wasn’t afraid of her in the slightest. He placed a hand on her waist and slowly moved it over to her breasts.
“I've seen that photo of yours from Chanaea, Ms. Pearson. You're not some pure, chaste girl, so don’t play the virgin card with me. Just let me sleep with you, and we won't owe each other anything.”
Aubree felt numb as she stood there, rooted to the spot. The man pulled her into his embrace and started groping her.
He smiled in delight when he noticed she wasn’t fighting him anymore. He carried her up, bridal style, and threw her onto the bed.
Tears streamed down Aubree’s face when she heard him removing his clothes.
Back then, no trash would have dared to hit on her.
She used to be the girl who would kick their asses if they even dared to steal a glance at her. But now, she was left with no choice; she couldn’t even defend herself against a mere thug.
Nobody could help her. The only thing she could do now was to betray her own body. 
###Chapter 1593
Chapter 1593
Chapter 1593 Bar Hostess An hour had passed, and Aubree lay on the bed, numb and tearful, with hickeys covering her body. The man lay beside her, naked and smug.
| have to say, this young lady is different from the prostitutes I’ve slept with. She’s so fair and flawless and even smells great. It would be such a shame to only sleep with her once.
With that, he sat up and turned to face Aubree. Aubree felt his gaze on her and returned it with a hateful glare, her face stained with tears. She wished she could tear him apart.
“Don't give me that look. You won't be marrying into some rich family anymore, so why not let me take advantage of you? You must realize I’m the only one who can help you now since you're all alone in a foreign country. | can even make sure you’re well- fed if you’re good.”
Aubree turned away in disdain and tightened her grip on the covers, desperately wanting to cover herself up. However, her actions only provoked the man, who reached under the covers and touched her all over.
Despite feeling angry and disgusted, Aubree was too weak to fight against the man, especially after sleeping with him. She was so feeble that it seemed as if she was simply playing hard to get.
A few minutes later, the man got his way and started to enter her again. Aubree bit her lip to prevent herself from moaning, her lips bleeding by the time the man finished and removed himself from her.
The man sneered as he forced Aubree’s mouth open. “You're not bad, just a little feisty. I’ll just need to get someone to train you, and I’m sure we'll be able to get a good price,” he commented callously.
Aubree’s face paled at his insult, and she lashed out, “Shut up, you b*stard! You'd better pray hard that | don’t make a comeback one day, or else | won’t let you off.”
The man merely shrugged indifferently, reminding her of her dire situation. “I think you should worry about yourself first before this. You won't have a single cent left after taking care of all these, right? Plus, it’s impossible for you to get in contact with your family in Chanaea since the Farwells are keeping a close eye on you. You can only work as a server with that fake identity of yours even if you land a job, and the money you earn won't even be enough to buy a tenth of your bag.”
Those words hit Aubree right in the gut, and she felt the color drain from her face as she realized the thought of living a broke life was unbearable.
“| have an idea to help you make more money. You can still earn tens of thousands a month,” the man drawled.
Aubree turned to face him, deciding to hear him out.
The man continued, “You can become a bar hostess with that beauty of yours. If you're lucky, the tips alone will make you tens of thousands a month. I'll be responsible for your safety. You just have to pay me one-tenth of the money you earn. What do you think?”
A bar hostess? Aubree was filled with humiliation and disgust at the thought of becoming a bar hostess.
The man left her alone as he got off the bed with a satisfied smile and headed to the bathroom. He said to Aubree, “This is your only chance to make some good money. Who knows, you might even find yourself a sugar daddy at the bar if you’re lucky! You've already slept with me anyway. There’s not much difference in becoming a bar hostess after all this.”
Aubree stared at him with cold determination and reluctantly agreed to his proposal, “Fine. I'll do it!”
She knew what was in store for her, but she needed to survive so that she could make a comeback and have her revenge in the future. 
###Chapter 1594
Chapter 1594
Chapter 1594 Invite Archie And Benny Meanwhile, Sonya hadn’t heard from her son or granddaughter for a few days after leaving the Farwell residence. The more she thought about it, the more her unease grew. On a random weekend, she decided to visit the manor.
Roxanne was working overtime at the research institute, searching for a new medicinal herb supplier to replace Damaris Group, while Lucian was also working late.
Only Catalina was at the manor looking after Estella, Benny, and Archie.
“Mrs. Farwell,” Catalina addressed Sonya respectfully and flicked a worried glance at the kids.
She knew Sonya didn’t like Archie and Benny.
Now that Mr. Farwell isn’t together with Ms. Jarvis, | wonder what Mrs. Farwell will do to put the kids on the spot...
Sonya’s cold gaze skated across Catalina before landing on Estella. She ignored Archie and Benny, who were standing next to the girl.
“Do you miss me, Essie? Come, give me a hug.” She spread her arms.
Estella didn’t budge and had no intentions to approach her.
Sonya’s expression sank, and she continued, “I'll bring you out for some delicious food. Do you want to eat something yummy?” Estella stood timidly beside the boys, clutching the hem of Archie’s sleeve, unwilling to go closer.
Irritation flashed in Sonya’s eyes at Estella’s dependence on the boys. She wanted to snatch Estella in her embrace but was afraid it would backfire.
“I'll take you to eat lots of tasty food and buy many toys, okay? | remember you liked the ice cream from that particular shop.” She stifled the urge and clung to her last strand of patience, pasting a warm smile on her face.
Estella’s eyes twinkled when Sonya mentioned ice cream, and she craned her neck to look at Archie and Benny. | want ice cream, but... | also want to be with Archie and Benny. Sonya seethed with anger when Estella had to seek their permission for something as simple as going out for ice cream.
She did, however, want Estella to behave, so she leashed her emotions and pulled out two tickets to the amusement park. “I bought tickets to the amusement park. Haven't you always wanted to go?”
Estella wavered and stared at the tickets in her hand. She eventually shook her head after much deliberation. “No, Daddy and Mommy will take us there.”
Sonya got upset. “They’re both quite busy, and we don’t know when they will be free to take you there. | can take you there now since this is the best time to visit. You will have to wait until next year if you miss it.”
Estella’s expression started showing signs of giving in.
Archie and Benny said to her, “You can go if you want to. Daddy arranged a series of classes for us to study at home.” Estella shook her head and pouted. “I want to go with both of you...”
She was still a little afraid of Sonya and didn’t want to be separated from Archie and Benny.
Sonya furrowed her brows, tucked away the tickets, and said regretfully, “I'll give them to other kids if you don’t want to go.” Then she pivoted on her heels and left.
“Grandma!” Estella hurriedly called out.
Sonya’s plan succeeded. She stopped in her tracks and turned toward Estella.
“| want to go...” She was on the verge of tears. “But can | also invite Archie and Benny?”
Sonya gave both of them the stink eye and was about to refuse, but she couldn't bear the thought of turning down her granddaughter with her reddened, watery eyes. She eventually caved in. “They can come if you don’t cry.” 
###Chapter 1595
Chapter 1595
Chapter 1595 What If Archie And Benny Got Lost
Estella sniffled and blinked back her tears, flashing a smile at Archie and Benny that spread upward to light her eyes. Seeing Estella happy made them a little bitter.
They knew that Sonya wasn’t fond of them and that she might ruin their fun even if she let them tag along.
However, they would acquiesce because it was what Estella wanted.
Archie and Benny shared a look and managed a smile to pacify her. “All right, let’s go together! Stop crying already.” Estella nodded fervently. “I’m not crying. I’m very happy! The amusement park is going to be so fun!”
Sonya came over to lead her away. Estella didn’t shy away from her this time, only occasionally glancing over her shoulder at Archie and Benny.
“What are you looking at?” Sonya asked, her eyes downcast. Estella grumbled unhappily, “Slow down, Grandma! Wait for my brothers.”
Sonya’s expression hardened, her grip around Estella’s hand tightening. “Watch what you're saying. They’re not your brothers. You have no siblings.”
Estella pursed her lips, unhappiness stamped all over her face. “You're lying, Grandma! | want to be with Archie and Benny!” She struggled out of Sonya’s grasp and tried to go toward them.
Sonya kept a lid on her disgust, temporarily tolerating Estella’s tantrums.
“Okay, | was wrong. They’re your brothers,” she said and hugged Estella, afraid that Estella would run away.
Archie and Benny were a few steps behind them and overheard the entire conversation.
They lowered their gazes, disappointed that Sonya didn’t want them to be Estella’s brothers.
Sonya had the driver take them to the amusement park and guided them in.
She only had two tickets, so she bought two more for Archie and Benny at the entrance.
The kids didn’t realize four of the tickets were different.
Sonya and Estella entered the attractions without a hitch when they were inside the amusement park, but Archie and Benny were stopped by an attendant. “Kids, you need to queue up!”
Archie and Benny were bewildered and pointed at Sonya. “We’re with that grandma.”
The attendant checked their tickets again and was similarly perplexed. “They're VIPs. Both of you have regular tickets and will need to wait in line.”
Archie and Benny understood and took their tickets, obediently going to the back of the line.
Estella realized her brothers weren’t with her in the maze and shook Sonya’s hand anxiously. “Grandma, where are Archie and Benny?”
“They're probably still outside. Maybe they don’t like this attraction and went to another one. The park is very safe. They won’t go missing,” she replied, unperturbed.
Then, her eyes went to the crowd queueing up outside. It's peak season, and the queue is long. | hope those two take their time waiting in line!
Just as she led Estella in, Estella wriggled free from her grasp. The girl ran as fast as her little legs could carry her. “I’m going to find Archie and Benny!”
Sonya chased after her and wrapped her arms around her, preventing her escape. “They will look for you soon. Be a good girl, and you'll have so much fun.”
Estella searched the milling throng of visitors at the entrance, but she couldn’t locate the boys. Her eyes reddened in agitation, and tears laced her voice as she said, “I want to be with Archie and Benny...”
What if Archie and Benny got lost in the crowd? Daddy and Mommy will be very worried! 
###Chapter 1596
Chapter 1596
Chapter 1596 Wait For Archie And Benny
Upon noticing that Estella was about to burst into tears and seeing the crowds of people around them, Sonya had no choice but to give in and carry the little girl to the entrance to wait.
After half an hour, they finally saw the two boys in the line. “Archie! Benny!” Estella quickly ran over to them, worry etched across her small face. “Why did you come in so late?”
They looked at each other. Then Archie answered in a comforting tone, “We just accidentally fell behind, and it took us a while to find you guys.”
Hearing that, Estella sniffled and clasped their hands. “We'll hold hands. That way, we won't lose each other.” Archie and Benny did not refuse but merely glanced at Sonya, who was standing some distance away.
Her expression shifted immediately. | wasn’t planning on bringing those two little b*stards along. However, seeing that they're rather perceptive and can take a hint, | don’t mind letting them join in for a while. Even so, they have to keep their distance from Essie!
Since they were already inside one of the attractions, Sonya did not protest and allowed the three children to walk together.
Once they exited the attraction, she picked Estella up in her arms and said in a doting tone, “I'll take you to see the princesses. Would you like that?”
Estella nodded and said innocently, “I’m a little princess too!”
Tickled by her granddaughter’s reply, Sonya chuckled and scratched her nose. “That’s right. You're a little princess. Now, we're going to meet the older princesses!”
With that, she carried Estella toward the next attraction, leaving the boys far behind them. Estella slowly pulled a long face. “Archie and Benny! Grandma, wait for them!”
Sonya was forced to slacken her pace and wait for a while. After Archie and Benny caught up to them, she leaned down and asked, “I’m taking Essie to see the princesses. You two boys wouldn't be interested in that, right?” She did not give them time to respond and quickly continued, “Run along elsewhere to play. I’ve upgraded your tickets, so you won't need to line up. You can play whatever you want without having to wait.”
“In that case, | don’t want to go and see the princesses either! | want to play with Archie and Benny. Put me down, Grandma,” Estella declared, squirming in Sonya’s arms.
Having learned her lesson after what happened earlier, Sonya held Estella tightly, not giving the latter a chance to break free. “That’s enough, Essie. Archie and Benny aren’t interested in meeting the princesses, so I'll go with you. Let them have fun by themselves.”
That only made Estella kick up an even bigger fuss.
Others around them started glancing in their direction, thinking Sonya was up to no good. She stared back at them fiercely, then glared at Archie and Benny. “What are you still doing here? You can go home if you don’t want to play.”
The two boys knew that Sonya despised them. Seeing that Estella was on the verge of tears, they could only say reassuringly, “Don't cry, Essie. We're going on the roller coaster and will come to look for you in a bit.”
Archie wiped away Estella’s tears, took Benny’s hand, and waved at her.
Carrying Estella in her arms, Sonya walked away without a backward glance while Archie and Benny remained where they were.
Benny felt worried and disappointed as he watched Sonya and Estella leave. “Archie, do you think Essie will cry later? What if she cries a lot? Shall we secretly follow them?”
Furrowing his brows, Archie shook his head. “Grandma will calm her down. If she finds us following them, it'll only make her even angrier.” Then he turned to look at his younger brother. “Do you feel like going on any ride?”
Benny responded with a shake of his head. | didn’t even want to come out today. | only came here with them to accompany Essie.
“We'll just wait here for Essie to get back, then,” Archie replied. 
###Chapter 1597
Chapter 1597
Chapter 1597 Let Us Not Wait Anymore
Sonya brought Estella to meet a few of the princess characters. However, the latter was distracted and kept asking to return to Archie and Benny.
The older woman seethed with anger at the sight of the teary-eyed little girl. “If you don’t like this, we can go.” She pretended to stroke Estella’s head lovingly before turning and walking toward the exit.
Thinking Sonya was finally taking her to Archie and Benny, Estella stopped crying. However, they had gone halfway when she realized they were not going the right way. Instead, she could see the amusement park exit ahead of her.
“No! | want to find Archie and Benny! You're evil, Grandma! | don’t want you anymore!” Estella wailed, struggling to free herself from Sonya’s arms.
Sonya held her in a vice-like grip and said in a brusque tone, “What are you talking about? Ever since Roxanne and those two little b*stards showed up, you’ve been hanging around them all the time. | think you’ve almost forgotten you’re a member of the Farwell family, and now you're even saying that you don’t want me anymore! They must've taught you that. Well, you have to stay with me today!”
She strode toward the exit while carrying Estella, and within just a few minutes, the pair had left the amusement park.
Watching the widening distance between them and the park entrance, Estella sobbed until she had barely any energy left. She was exhausted by the time Sonya carried her into the car.
When the driver saw that only Sonya and Estella had returned, he asked cautiously, “Mrs. Farwell, what about the other two—” “Drive to the nearest shopping mall,” she instructed icily as though she had not heard him speak.
The driver knew better than to refuse when he noticed her stormy mood and started driving.
Throughout the car journey, Estella continued sobbing quietly.
Archie and Benny waited for Estella and Sonya inside the amusement park. When neither returned for the brothers, Benny suggested they look for them. They circled the entire park but saw no sign of Estella or Sonya.
They started feeling a little anxious.
“Do you think something happened to Essie?” Benny asked, looking at his older brother nervously. | got lost before, but I’m much braver than Essie. If she gets lost, she'll surely cry buckets.
Archie was worried too, but he tried to stay calm and think of a solution. A few seconds later, he used his smartwatch to call Essie. He tried a few times, but alas, there was no answer. That made Benny even more uneasy. “Quick, let’s tell Mommy!”
Archie mulled over the matter for a while, then gave Benny a reassuring look. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. Essie is with Grandma, and we can’t find either of them now. So, maybe...”
He could not bring himself to finish his sentence. However, Benny had already guessed what he wanted to say and asked dejectedly, “Did Grandma leave with Essie?”
Although Archie made no response, the answer was clear from his facial expression. He, too, guessed that was most probably what had happened. She doesn’t like us, so she took Essie elsewhere and left us here.
“Why does she dislike us so much?” Benny mumbled under his breath.
Archie could not help sighing inwardly. | know how she feels about us, but | never thought she’d go so far as to abandon us at an amusement park and leave without us. Isn’t she worried something might happen to us?
The thought upset him for a while. Then, he forced himself to perk up and took Benny’s hand. “Let's not wait anymore and head back. Maybe Grandma has already gone home with Essie.” 
###Chapter 1598
Chapter 1598
Benny was hesitant. “Are we really not going to tell Mommy? What if Essie gets lost?”
Archie furrowed his brows and answered, “Mommy hasn't been in a good mood over the past couple of days. If she finds out about it, she's going to be even more upset. Let's not make her worry and go home first!”
Upon listening to those words, Benny thought about how Roxanne had been over the past few days and nodded solemnly.
The boys held hands and left the amusement park to hail a taxi.
The taxi driver felt concerned when he saw two children hailing for a taxi. “Why are you kids on your own? Are you guys lost? Do you need me to call the police?”
Archie shook his head. “We came out on our own! Our mommy is waiting for us at home. Please send us back, Sir!”
The driver doubted those words, but he couldn't bear to leave the kids by the side of the road, so he let them get into the car.
The driver only felt more at ease and stepped on the gas after the kids told him their address accurately.
The Farwell residence was quite a distance away from the amusement park. Since the driver was driving two children, he drove slowly and carefully to the Farwell residence.
By the time they arrived at their destination, it was already past four in the afternoon.
The car slowly rolled to a stop at the Farwell residence entrance, and the driver was stunned when he saw the luxurious building before his eyes. If the family is so rich, how can they let their kids roam around on their own? Aren't parents afraid that someone might kidnap their children?
“Sir, please wait a moment. I'll head in to get money!” Archie said in a childish voice.
The driver jolted out of his thoughts and flashed a friendly smile. “That's not necessary. | don't take money from children. Hurry up and go in. Your parents must be worried sick.”
Obviously, Archie wouldn't agree. He patted Benny's shoulder and said, “Go and get some cash from Ms. Catalina. I'll wait for you in the car.”
“Okay.” Benny got out of the car and ran toward the entrance of the manor to ring the doorbell.
Catalina quickly answered the video call.
Benny told her what was going on, and Catalina hung up the phone and brought out some cash.
Catalina noticed that the boys were on their own when she was paying the driver. Upon thanking the driver, she wanted to pay the driver more money, but the driver refused.
Catalina had no choice but to send the driver off after thanking him once again. When she brought Archie and Benny in, she asked, “Why are you boys on your own? Where are Mrs. Farwell and Ms. Estella?
Catalina checked the boys' bodies for injuries as she spoke.
Archie and Benny lifted their arms obediently into the air to let her examine their bodies.
However, none of the boys knew how to answer Catalina when she asked about Sonya and Estella.
Catalina breathed a sigh of relief after making sure the boys hadn't suffered any injuries. “Why are you boys keeping mum? Did Mrs. Farwell say something mean to you boys again?”
Catalina knew how badly Sonya treated Archie and Benny. She was worried that Sonya had reprimanded them and told them to go home on their own.
Archie and Benny shared a look. Neither of them wanted things to escalate, so they shook their heads and answered, “No. We got tired, so we decided to head home first.”
Catalina stared at them suspiciously for a few seconds.
The boys were smiling so innocently that they seemed as though they were telling the truth.
Although Catalina could tell something was amiss, she knew she couldn't get more information out of them. She let the matter slide and asked, “What would you boys want for dinner? I'll cook!”
The boys named a list of dishes in their piping voices in response.
Catalina agreed readily with a smile. 
###Chapter 1599
Chapter 1599
Chapter 1599 They Could Not Have Gotten Lost
After reassuring Catalina, Archie and Benny hurried up the stairs and went into their room.
Archie was anxiously calling Estella on her smartwatch while Benny was trying to locate Estella on his laptop. Prior to that, he had already modified Estella's watch, so it had an additional tracking function.
That was why he could track her watch on his laptop.
Archie couldn't get through to Estella, so he turned to ask Benny, “How is it going? Have you tracked her down?” Benny was frowning and sweating bullets.
Awhile later, he slammed the keyboard and yelled, “I found her!”
Archie stared at the screen and saw a green dot moving around. “Where is this?” he asked in confusion.
Moments prior, not only did Benny find Estella's location, but he had also confirmed the place she was at.
Upon hearing Archie's question, Benny immediately answered, “She's in a mall nearby the amusement park. It seems that Essie has been there the entire afternoon.”
Archie nodded. “If she's in a mall, | think she's just shopping.” Archie and Benny couldn't help but feel disappointed. The mall and the amusement park are so near to each other. According to the tracker, we know what time they arrived at the mall. In fact, they were there shortly after splitting up with us. In other words,
Grandma brought Essie to the mall just to get away from us. Does Grandma dislike us so much?
Seeing that the green dot on the screen was still moving around, Archie suppressed his disappointment and said to Benny, “Keep an eye on the screen. If Essie's location changes, we'll call Grandma immediately.”
Archie was worried that Sonya would bring Estella back to the Farwell main residence just to keep them apart. Benny nodded and hummed in agreement.
The two boys then stared at the screen intently.
Less than half an hour later, the green dot on the screen suddenly moved away from the mall.
Archie and Benny grew anxious.
Benny then worked on his laptop to confirm the direction in which the green dot was moving.
Both the boys finally felt at ease when they saw Sonya and Estella moving toward the Farwell residence. After shutting down the laptop, they ran downstairs to wait.
Soon, they saw Sonya carrying Estella into the mansion. The driver was walking in behind them with bags of goods in his hands. “See! They're here, aren't they? Stop crying already. | told you they couldn't have gotten lost!” Sonya said to Estella irritably. Evidently, Estella had been crying the entire time when they were in the mall.
Sonya was infuriated because even though she had been buying Estella things to coax her, it didn't work.
Everyone in the mall had been looking at Sonya as though she were a kidnapper. Left without a choice, she had to bring Estella home.
The second Estella saw Archie and Benny, she broke free from Sonya's grip and dashed toward them. Needless to say, the boys were heartbroken when they saw Estella crying. “Stop crying, Essie. We're fine.” “| want to be with you guys. | didn’t want to go to the mall! You guys weren't in the mall!” Estella choked out. Sonya paled when she heard Estella saying those words.
Archie and Benny felt bad, but they could only try their best to comfort Estella. “We were wrong. We shouldn't have left you alone, Essie. From now on, we'll bring you along wherever we go, okay?” 
###Chapter 1600
Chapter 1600
Chapter 1600 Manners “Grandma told me she called you guys, but neither of you picked up...” Estella was visibly upset.
Archie and Benny shot Sonya a dubious glance when they heard those words. Since when did Grandma call us? As a matter of fact, we were the ones calling Essie. However, the calls we made were all unsuccessful.
The boys couldn't bear to spill the truth when they saw how red Estella's eyes were. They backed Sonya up, saying, “Our watches died, so we came home to charge them.”
With that, the boys shot Sonya a look.
Sonya had been worried that the boys would expose her. She was surprised to see them backing her up, but she quickly calmed herself down. Those boys said that just to please me! Well, I'm not so easily pleased!
Sonya approached Estella and said, “All right, now, since you're already home and you've seen them, go wash up. You have tears all over your face!”
Estella looked at Archie and Benny aggrievedly.
Grandma must have something to say to us. Archie and Benny shared a glance and nodded. “Daddy and Mommy are coming home soon. They're going to get worried if they see you in this state.”
Only then did Estella go to the bathroom reluctantly. Sonya glared at Catalina.
Catalina was worried about Archie and Benny, but she was in no place to go against Sonya. She had no choice but to walk away helplessly.
Just like that, Sonya and the boys were the only ones left in the living room. Archie shielded Benny and raised his gaze toward the person before their eyes.
Sonya, on the other hand, looked down at the boys when she uttered patronizingly, “Did you think you could gain my approval by pleasing me? No matter what you say, you're still not a part of the Farwell family. I'll never allow you guys into the family!”
Archie frowned and retorted in a cute voice, “I think you've got it wrong. We were merely comforting Essie. We weren't speaking up for you!”
Sonya's expression changed drastically. She was so angry that she almost reached out to pull Archie's ear. “How dare you argue with me? You boys have no manners at all!”
Upon hearing those harsh words, Benny couldn't help but argue, “If we had manners, would you accept us?”
Sonya let out a chuckle in exasperation. “Didn't you say you guys weren't trying to please me? | don't care how well-behaved or outstanding you are. As long as you aren't Lucian's children, I'll never consider you a part of the Farwell family!”
With that, she put on a cold expression and warned, “You're planning to tell Lucian and Roxanne about this, aren't you? Go on! | don't care! I've been looking for an opportunity to chase you guys and your mommy out of the Farwell family!”
Indeed, Sonya had been holding her frustration in. If these two b*stards were to tell Lucian about it, Lucian would definitely look for me. If that happens, I'm going to use the opportunity to chase the three of them out!
What Sonya said was loud and clear. She was adamant about not accepting the boys if they weren't Lucian's. Benny felt sorrowful upon hearing that. “How are you so sure we're not his children? What if we are?” Sonya's expression changed as she sized up the boys.
Awhile later, she said harshly, “Dream on! That's impossible! Lucian only has one child, and that's Essie!”
With that, Sonya left unhappily. 
###Chapter 1601
Chapter 1601
Chapter 1601 Come Back So Late
Estella came out after washing her face and saw Archie and Benny standing still in the living room. “Has Grandma left?” she asked in a baffled tone.
Archie and Benny returned to their senses and composed themselves. However, they still looked dejected when they nodded at her.
Seeing the expressions on her brothers’ faces, Estella approached them with a straight face. “Did Grandma say something harsh to your guys again?”
Estella could tell Archie and Benny were unhappy.
Archie smiled at her and said, “No. She merely told me to take good care of you.” He then changed the topic. “It's late. Why aren't Daddy and Mommy back yet?”
Estella got distracted and stared at the main entrance the moment Archie mentioned their parents.
When Catalina was done preparing dinner, she noticed the kids weren't as cheerful and lively as usual. At that moment, they were all sitting on the couch listlessly and staring at the main entrance.
“Mr. Archie, Mr. Benny, Ms. Estella, dinner is ready. Are you guys hungry? Would you guys like to eat first?” Catalina asked softly when she saw how moody the kids were.
The kids shook their heads in unison. “We're not hungry. We'll wait for Daddy and Mommy to have dinner together!” Archie said.
Catalina didn't try to persuade them anymore when she heard that. She sat down and waited with them, at the same time hoping that Lucian and Roxanne would return soon.
At around seven that evening, they finally heard some noises coming from outside the mansion.
Catalina quickly glanced at the kids.
The three children rose to their feet and ran toward the entrance to open the door.
They saw Lucian opening the door to the passenger seat after getting out of the car.
Roxanne alighted from the vehicle, and the couple shared a kiss.
When Roxanne turned around and saw the kids staring back at her from the entrance, she immediately halted in her tracks. Although that wasn't the first time the kids saw them kissing, she was still slightly embarrassed.
She turned and glanced at Lucian reproachfully.
Seeing that, Lucian smiled innocently and said, “I didn't see them there...”
Usually, the kids would have waited for them inside. Neither of them expected the kids to come out of the house that evening.
“Why are you guys so eager to see us today?” Lucian knew Roxanne was embarrassed, so he quickly stepped forward and stood in front of her.
The kids were all feeling dejected and aggrieved. They had wanted to seek comfort from their parents.
When they finally saw their parents, however, they couldn't bear to make them worry.
Both Estella and Benny didn't know how to answer Lucian's question, so they turned to look at Archie.
Archie steeled himself and said, “Daddy, why did you and Mommy come back so late? We've been waiting for so long!” Lucian patted their heads and replied, “We've been busy the past couple of days. We'll bring you guys out when we're free.”
The kids couldn't help but recall what had happened that afternoon. Although they weren't in the mood, they pulled themselves together and hummed in acknowledgment.
Sensing something was wrong, Lucian frowned and asked, “What's the matter? Don't you guys want to go out and have fun? Are you guys feeling unwell?”
Roxanne noticed their strange behaviors as well, and she approached them caringly.
Not knowing what to say in response, the kids exchanged glances with each other. 
###Chapter 1602
Chapter 1602
Chapter 1602 The Kids Had Lied To Him
Catalina took a glance at the three children as he approached Lucian and explained, “Mrs. Farwell came this afternoon and took Ms. Estella, Mr. Benny, and Mr. Archie out to play. They must be exhausted from all the fun they had.”
Initially, the boys did not plan to talk about it. Since Catalina brought it up, they had no choice but to nod in agreement. The news left Roxanne totally flabbergasted.
Sonya took them out to play? She has never liked Archie and Benny. If she wanted anyone to have fun, it would have been Essie only! Why did she include the boys too? Moreover, the boys obviously don't look happy.
Frowning, she wanted to pursue the matter further but hesitated. I'd put Lucian in a difficult spot if | continued to ask about Sonya.
At that thought, Roxanne changed the topic. She tousled the kids' hair and said, “If you're feeling tired, go have your dinner now and go to bed early.”
She led the children to the dining table after washing their hands.
She was so surprised to see a table spread with all the children's favorite food.
Contrary to Roxanne's bafflement, Lucian seemed unfazed. “Where did Grandma bring you guys this afternoon? Did you have fun?” He was more interested in the kids' outing.
The two boys exchanged glances when they heard the questions. Benny pressed his lips and refused to give a reply.
Archie, on the other hand, turned his head and was met with Lucian's gaze. In the end, he replied, “Grandma took us to the amusement park and bought us ice cream. It was so yummy!”
Lucian looked at him in an attempt to determine if he was telling the truth. Archie plastered a smile on his face even though he felt aggrieved deep down.
He wanted to tell Lucian that Sonya had left them at the amusement park, but that would undoubtedly prompt his parents to confront his grandmother.
Considering how hard it was for the family to be together, Archie was reluctant to see the adults having a fallout over them. We feel blissful for as long as we get to stay with Daddy and Mommy, and we don't care whether Grandma likes us. “Just the amusement park?” Lucian asked further.
Archie was dumbfounded for several seconds. He did not expect Lucian to follow up with another question. He nodded diffidently.
“What did you do there? You boys and Essie enjoy completely different rides. | bet it was hard for Grandma to look after all of you.” Lucian was so persistent.
Immediately, Archie and Benny looked at each other again.
Archie had no clue how to answer Lucian because all they did was take a stroll through the maze at the very beginning, and then spent the rest of the time waiting for Estella.
Lucian stared at the three of them and noticed all sorts of uncomfortable expressions on their faces.
“Um...” Archie steeled himself and turned his head, avoiding Lucian's piercing gaze. “Grandma requested help from the staff to accompany Benny and me. We went to see the pirates and the dwarves, while Grandma brought Essie to see the princesses.”
Those were the characters they saw when walking around. The boys remembered the names, but they had no idea what the rides were all about.
Luckily, Lucian did not ask for any details. Truth be told, he could tell that the kids had lied to him. Otherwise, the person who volunteered to speak would not have been Archie.
The boys had very distinctive characteristics. If they were happy, Benny would be the first one to tell him everything even before he had a chance to ask.
The fact that Benny had been silent and had made Archie bite the bullet for the team, Lucian knew that Benny was hiding something. 
###Chapter 1603
Chapter 1603
Chapter 1603 You Do Not Need To Worry
The looks on the kids’ faces made Roxanne suspect something was amiss. However, she held herself back from investigating more, especially in Lucian's presence.
After dinner, she intended to take the children outside, but Lucian had other plans. “I wonder how are things with Jonathan. How about you call him and find that out?”
Upon deliberation, Roxanne decided to prioritize the matter of the medicinal herb supplier and dialed Jonathan's number. I can still probe the little ones for more information during bedtime.
With that, she headed to the study to make the phone call.
Jonathan was caught off guard when he received the call, thinking that Lucian wanted Roxanne to urge him to hasten the process. He started giving her a detailed explanation. At the end of the conversation, he asked about her relationship with
Lucian, and they chatted for a long while.
Meanwhile, the children sensed that something was off and said in the sweetest voice, “Daddy, we're heading to the garden to play.”
Afterward, they left quietly.
Lucian furrowed his brows and stalked them from behind.
When the trio turned their heads and realized that their father was following them, their faces sank at once.
“Tell me what happened in the afternoon.” Lucian stared at them solemnly.
Archie and Benny hung their heads low, unwilling to speak.
Estella was not aware of the full story, but since Lucian kept probing, she took the initiative to give him a summary.
“Grandma took us to the amusement park first, then she brought me to the mall. Archie and Benny came back by themselves.” She knew it was very dangerous for her brothers to return home on their own and felt bad when she said it.
Lucian's expression changed when he heard that. He gazed at the boys and asked, “Was that all? Why didn't Grandma bring you two along?”
The boys cast a glance at their sister and replied softly, “We didn't want to join them, so we came home by ourselves.”
Lucian's frown deepened when he saw them averting their eyes. “Head back into the house first, Essie. | need to talk to your brothers.”
Estella strode toward the living room obediently, leaving her father and brothers in the garden. “Can you tell me now? | promise to keep it among us three.” Lucian bent down and assured his sons patiently. The more gentle and casual his approach, the more aggrieved the two boys felt. Above all else, they were extremely worried.
Lucian caressed their heads. “Mommy and | will be very concerned about you if you insist on not saying anything. Do you boys want us to be worried all the time?”
The boys pursed their lips in response.
Then Archie looked Lucian in the eye as he stretched out his finger and asked for a pinky promise. “Daddy, could you promise us you won't argue with Grandma about this?”
Mom did something to the boys! Lucian's expression turned dark as a disturbing thought crept up on him. He quickly hooked his finger with Archie's.
It was then that Benny blurted everything.
“Grandma brought us to the amusement park and let us play alone. We thought she would come back and get us, but she didn't show up even though we waited for her for a very long time. In the end, we came home by ourselves.”
Seconds later, he added softly, “Daddy, you promised not to be angry at Grandma. See, Archie and | are fine. You don't need to worry about us.”
Archie nodded and chimed in, “Most importantly, Essie is all right. Benny and | can take care of ourselves since we're used to traveling around on our own.” 
###Chapter 1604
Chapter 1604
Chapter 1604 Where Are You Going
Lucian felt so sorry for the boys when he heard that. The place where Archie and Benny had traveled to alone was their current residence.
He recalled an incident where the boys had nearly been beaten up by some older children when they came looking for Estella. That made him resent Sonya even more.
They are only so young! Even if Mom doesn't want to acknowledge them as her grandchildren, they're still Essie's best friends. How could she be so cruel as to dump them at the amusement park? Thank God nothing untoward happened, but what if it did? How would | face Roxanne?
Lucian shuddered at that thought.
“We're clever boys, and we met a very kind taxi driver. He didn't want to accept our money for the ride.” Knowing that Lucian was enraged, Archie attempted to assure him in a cute voice.
Lucian knew well that his sons were trying to defend his mother. He pulled them into his arms.
“I'm sorry for not taking good care of you. Grandma was too much! If she takes you out again, call me immediately, and I'll see to it.”
The boys quieted down and bobbed their heads obediently as Lucian comforted them with his warm embrace.
He patted their backs and praised, “Both of you did very well today for protecting yourselves and not revealing this matter to Mommy. This is now a secret among us. Don't tell Mommy, okay? Mommy's very tired these days.”
The boys smiled gleefully upon hearing those nice words. “We know what to do, and we won't worry Mommy about this.” Lucian inclined his head and released them from his arms. “Go play with your sister now. | need to head out for a bit.”
His words brought a frown to the boys' faces. They grabbed his sleeve and reminded him, “Daddy, don't be mad at Grandma. You promised us just now!”
Lucian did not expect the kids to be so sensitive. “Oh, I'm not going to Grandma's. There's something at the office that | need to deal with.”
As an experienced businessman, coming up with an excuse to pacify the little ones was a piece of cake for him. Archie and Benny scrutinized him for a bit before releasing their grips on his arm. “Okay, then...”
Lucian flashed them a smile and walked toward the living room.
Right then, Roxanne had just finished her phone call with Jonathan and returned to keep Estella company.
She was surprised to see him getting ready to head out. “What happened? Where are you going at this hour?” Lucian replied, “I need to take care of some matters. I'll be right back real soon.”
Then he swiftly strode toward the gate and out of the mansion before she had a chance to ask more questions.
Roxanne observed his hasty moves and felt something did not add up. Shortly after, Archie and Benny walked in, and she shifted her focus to them.
“How did your outing go this afternoon? Did Grandma give you a hard time?” Finally, Roxanne could put forth those questions to the boys in Lucian's absence.
“Nope. We had a ton of fun today!” the boys exclaimed. Having been able to share the incident with Lucian and get it completely off their chests earlier, they no longer feel upset about it.
Then Roxanne tried to verify the information with Estella. Estella had been crying the entire afternoon. She did not have an enjoyable time at all. However, she went along with it and nodded her head cooperatively before squirming into her mother's arms.
Roxanne knitted her brows together and looked at them skeptically. 
###Chapter 1605
Chapter 1605
Chapter 1605 Interrogation
Meanwhile, Lucian pulled his car into the driveway of the Farwell main residence.
The butler was quick to welcome him politely. “Mr. Farewell.”
“Where's my mom?” Lucian asked in an icy tone.
The butler answered, “Mrs. Farwell has just finished her dinner, and she's now enjoying coffee in the living room.” Lucian nodded and gestured to the butler not to trail behind him as he went inside.
He walked in to see his mother seated on the couch and sipping coffee while watching television.
“What brings you here?”
Sonya turned around when she heard footsteps approaching from the door.
The moment she saw Lucian, a strange look flashed across her eyes. She knew the boys must have complained about her to their father.
Lucian stormed toward her, grabbed the remote control, and turned off the television.
Sonya's face darkened instantly. “So, are you here to interrogate me?”
“Why did you leave Archie and Benny at the amusement park this afternoon?” Lucian asked expressionlessly.
Frowning, Sonya defended herself assertively, “It's a safe place! No one can enter the amusement park without a ticket. With plenty of staff everywhere, nothing can happen. The boys and Essie have completely different interests. Do you expect me to clone myself to accompany each of them?”
Lucian was not pleased with her attitude. “You said that only because they returned home safe and sound.”
Sonya stiffened, not knowing how to reply to that.
Lucian looked at her sternly. “The kids are so young. How could you leave them alone? Have you forgotten what it was like when Essie went missing?”
“How are these two incidents the same? Essie is a child of the Farwell family. Who are those two?”
“They are children of the Farwell family, too!” Lucian bellowed. “If something bad were to happen to them today, how should | explain myself to Roxanne?”
Sonya snorted. “Aren't they back in one piece now? All | did was let them play at the amusement park. How would | know they would go back by themselves?”
In other words, Sonya was putting the blame on the boys.
Lucian could not believe his ears. He roared, “What makes you think that you're without any fault? How is your action any different from those traffickers?”
Sonya grimaced. “How could you say that about me? I'm your mother!” They continued quarreling.
Hearing the commotion, Elias came downstairs.
He asked for the full story when he saw the two locking horns fiercely.
When he learned that his wife had left two young boys to fend for themselves at the amusement park, he was astonished beyond words.
“| know you dislike Roxanne, but you shouldn't have taken your anger out on the two innocent children! How do we even explain to Roxanne if something really happens to the boys? How would you explain this to the public? You keep insisting that you're doing this for the sake of the Farwell family, but have you really considered the interest of the family before committing such an awful act?”
Sonya got so furious after both father and son lashed out at her. “Why are you speaking up for that woman?”
“I'm not taking any sides. If it was Roxanne who left the children alone, I'd do the same and kick her out of the house!” Elias stated firmly and righteously.
Sonya knitted her brows in disbelief when she heard him. “You want to get rid of me?” Faced with an unreasonable wife, Elias was filled with rage.
Lucian did not intend to get involved in their relentless arguments. “I've made it clear to the children that you need to obtain my consent before taking them out in the future,” he warned coldly.
With that, he turned around and stormed off the mansion, leaving a troubled Elias with his willful wife. 
###Chapter 1606
Chapter 1606
Chapter 1606 There Will Be A Solution Roxanne could not get anything out of the kids.
Worried that she would ask them more questions, Archie and Benny said that they wanted to play.
Roxanne put an end to her inquiries and began playing with them.
Soon, the four of them were playing together happily.
Roxanne was still fooling around with the children when Lucian came back.
“Has the matter been resolved?” she asked worriedly when she saw his grim expression.
The children also quieted down sensibly.
Lucian nodded in response. He looked at Archie and Benny and felt apologetic when he recalled his mother’s words. “Come and play with us, Daddy!”
The boys could read their father’s mind. They came up to clasp his hands with a smile.
Lucian froze briefly before reaching out to hold their hands and allowing them to lead him to Roxanne.
The two then played with the children for a while longer.
Seeing the joy on the boys’ faces lessened the guilt within Lucian.
After playing with the children for some time and noticing that it was getting late, Roxanne urged them to get some rest. The couple gazed upon the sleeping faces of the children with sorrow in their eyes.
“You go ahead and get some rest first. | want to make a few more calls,” Roxanne said to Lucian after they left the room. The latter frowned slightly when he heard that. “It’s already so late. What calls do you want to make?”
Roxanne sighed softly as melancholy once more appeared on her features. “I want to try to contact Professor Lambert and see if he can help get in touch with sources abroad.”
Even though the sadness in her eyes crushed his heart, he could only nod his head as it was her job and not his place to say anything.
Roxanne went to the study and called Harvey, who answered quickly.
Upon learning that she had developed a new type of medicine, the professor was very proud of her and agreed to help her right away.
However, the quality of Damaris Group’s medicinal herbs was rare, and the biggest supplier of traditional medicine was still Chanaea.
Because of that, there was a certain level of difficulty in finding substitutes abroad. He could only try his best.
Roxanne thanked him gratefully.
They then gave each other a brief update on their lives before ending the call.
It was already almost ten at night when Roxanne returned to the bedroom.
Lucian had already showered and was leaning partially against the headboard of the bed with a laptop on his lap, staring at something intently.
When he saw her enter, he set the laptop down and looked at her. “How did it go?”
Roxanne frowned slightly, her eyes still tinged with sadness. “Professor Lambert said that he would help think of a way, but... we should still focus on the domestic market.”
Lucian, who had gotten out of bed and walked over to her, gave her a peck on the lips and comforted her in a deep voice, “There'll be a solution. I’m here.”
Roxanne pursed her lips to form a smile and the two kissed each other tenderly.
Her cheeks turned pink when she noticed his increasingly heavy breathing, and she pushed him away a little. “I’m going to take a shower. You should get some rest.”
Lucian quirked a brow. “I'll go with you.” Roxanne gave him a puzzled look. “Haven’t you showered already...”
Lucian had already grabbed her hand and walked into the bathroom, taking off all his clothes while doing so. “I'll take another shower with you and help you unwind.”
As he spoke, he turned on the shower, then leaned in for another kiss.
Roxanne was about to say something, but he had already sealed her lips. 
###Chapter 1607
Chapter 1607
Chapter 1607 In A Good Mood
They fooled around in the bathroom, and when Lucian finally slowed down, Roxanne was so tired that she was about to faint. Lucian carried her to the bed, and they continued going at it until the wee hours of the morning.
Roxanne woke up feeling as though her body was on the verge of crumbling down.
The space beside her was empty. She had no idea where Lucian had gone to.
As she endured the pain and got up, the thought of sleeping in different rooms came to her mind once more. “You're up?”
Lucian suddenly opened the door and came in.
That shocked her so much that her waist gave way, and she nearly toppled onto the ground.
He strode over and pulled her into his arms before she fell.
Roxanne was clad in a low-necked nightgown, which he had helped her change into yesterday.
Her movement caused her collar to open slightly, revealing her cleavage along with the marks that Lucian had left the previous night.
Just one look was enough to make him react.
At first, Roxanne was relieved when he caught her, but she then felt something hard pressing against her from behind, and memories of the previous night's events flooded her mind.
She pushed him away almost without hesitation and glared at him. “Are you a beast?” As soon as she said that, another burst of pain from her waist caused her to grimace. Lucian looked at her innocently. “But you were clinging to me later on. You—”
“That’s enough!” Roxanne snapped, blushing.
With that, she turned on her heels and entered the bathroom.
Lucian’s eyes crinkled at the edges. He walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her waist, massaging it with his large hands.
Despite Roxanne’s refusal, she had to endure his ministrations in the bathroom for a long time. When they finally came out of the bathroom, she had every intention to ignore him. “Jonathan is waiting for you downstairs,” Lucian said suddenly.
Roxanne was momentarily stunned. “Why didn’t you say something so important earlier?” she said somewhat angrily, her face flush.
Lucian shot her a look in response.
Her temper was quickly subdued by his piercing gaze. She could only change her clothes quickly, tidy up, and head downstairs to see Jonathan, with Lucian following behind dotingly.
Jonathan had already drank his second cup of coffee when he saw the couple descending the stairs.
“Sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Queen.”
Roxanne looked at him apologetically. Jonathan looked at her and then at the visibly defeated Lucian behind him with a confounded expression.
However, he understood almost immediately when Roxanne sat down in front of him and he saw the marks peeping out of her collar. He shot Lucian a suggestive look before saying to her, “Don’t be so courteous to me, Roxanne. Just call me Jonathan as Lucian does!”
Roxanne could not help but be taken aback by his words and felt that the form of address was a little inappropriate. Since my return to the country, Jonathan has helped me a lot, but we aren’t that close...
“Jonathan grew up with me, so there’s no need to be so courteous with him.”
Lucian sat down beside her and held her hand as though it was the most natural thing to do.
In front of Jonathan, Roxanne was still a little embarrassed to grasp his hand. She struggled against him but he wouldn't let go, so she could only let him be.
Jonathan sighed inwardly when he saw how intimate his friend and Roxanne were.
All the hard work and plans | devised weren't in vain. They got together in the end. Also... judging by the satisfied look on Lucian’s face, I’m sure they can’t keep their hands off each other. No wonder he seemed to be in a good mood when he came down to welcome me just now.
At the thought that his painstaking efforts were not in vain, Jonathan felt that it did not matter that he had to wait for so long earlier. 
###Chapter 1608
Chapter 1608
Chapter 1608 Sign The Contract “So... Jonathan, why are you here? Have you found other medicinal herb suppliers that we can work with?” After a brief moment of hesitation, Roxanne decided to change the way she addressed Jonathan.
The smile on Jonathan’s face grew wider as he nodded and replied, “Most of the medicinal herbs suppliers have readily agreed to collaborate with the research institute, all thanks to the hard work you have poured into establishing a good reputation for it.”
Hearing that, Roxanne turned to look at Lucian before looking back at Jonathan.
As she had only been with the research institute for a short period of time, she knew that the suppliers had agreed to work with them partly because it was Jonathan who had asked them and partly because he had mentioned Farwell Group’s name.
Lucian was holding Roxanne’s hand and had his other hand on her back the entire time as if he was worried that Jonathan did not know that the woman belonged to him.
Roxanne tried her best to ignore Lucian’s hand while confirming the details with Jonathan. “How did you find those suppliers?”
The woman had spent the past few days calling every single medicinal herb supplier she knew but was unable to find any suitable ones.
With an unfathomable smile on his face, Jonathan replied, “Queen Group is considered a leader of medicinal herbs in the country. Naturally, our network is wider than yours. | mostly approached direct suppliers from the countries of origin of the herbs. For those herbs that | wasn’t able to find direct suppliers, | contacted the distributors instead.” “So... Jonothon, why ore you here? Hove you found other medicinol herb suppliers thot we con work with?”
After o brief moment of hesitotion, Roxonne decided to chonge the woy she oddressed Jonothon.
The smile on Jonothon’s foce grew wider os he nodded ond replied, “Most of the medicinol herbs suppliers hove reodily ogreed to colloborote with the reseorch institute, oll thonks to the hord work you hove poured into estoblishing 0 good reputotion for it.”
Heoring thot, Roxonne turned to look ot Lucion before looking bock ot Jonothon.
As she hod only been with the reseorch institute for o short period of time, she knew thot the suppliers hod ogreed to work with them portly becouse it wos Jonothon who hod osked them ond portly becouse he hod mentioned Forwell Group’s nome.
Lucion wos holding Roxonne’s hond ond hod his other hond on her bock the entire time os if he wos worried thot Jonothon did not know thot the womon belonged to him.
Roxonne tried her best to ignore Lucion’s hond while confirming the detoils with Jonothon. “How did you find those suppliers?”
The womon hod spent the post few doys colling every single medicinol herb supplier she knew but wos unoble to find ony suitoble ones.
With on unfothomoble smile on his foce, Jonothon replied, “Queen Group is considered o leoder of medicinol herbs in the country. Noturolly, our network is wider thon yours. | mostly opprooched direct suppliers from the countries of origin of the herbs. For those herbs thot | wosn’t oble to find direct suppliers, | contocted the distributors insteod.” “So... Jonathan, why are you here? Have you found other medicinal herb suppliers that we can work with?”
Roxanne nodded in understanding.
“But’—Jonathan shot a glance at Lucian—’ you get what you pay for. Although the herbs are guaranteed to be of superior quality, they cost a lot more as well.”
Jonathan had only gone ahead to talk to those suppliers based on Lucian’s assurance that cost was not an issue.
He knew that Lucian would step in if Roxanne could not afford those herbs.
As Roxanne was still basking in excitement after hearing the good news, she did not notice Jonathan looking at Lucian. “Money isn’t an issue. | was going to buy the medicinal herbs from Damaris Group at three times the original price but was rejected by them. | don’t think it can get more expensive than that, right?”
“You were going to purchase the herbs from Damaris Group at three times the original price?” Jonathan widened his eyes in shock.
Does the research institute have that much money?
Roxanne smiled in embarrassment. “I only made that offer because | was confident that we would make good returns on the medicine in the future. | thought it wouldn’t be an issue incurring more upfront costs.”
Jonathan let out a dry laugh and nodded. “You're right, Roxanne. The new suppliers will definitely charge you less than what you were ready to pay for.”
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and replied, “I can accept anything lower than that.” She proceeded to confirm a few details about some of the more important herbs with Jonathan, who explained to her patiently.
Roxanne felt completely reassured after her conversation with Jonathan. “I have no more questions. Could you check with them when is the earliest we can sign the contract? We can’t afford to wait any longer.”
Jonathan looked toward Lucian nervously, directing the question at him. Roxanne furrowed her brows in confusion when she noticed the interaction between the two men.
Amoment later, Lucian said in a deep voice, “Those suppliers requested to sign with Queen Group. They will supply the medicinal herbs to Queen Group, who will then supply the herbs to the research institute. Also, they requested that Farwell Group be the guarantor.” 
###Chapter 1609
Chapter 1609
Chapter 1609 Unexpected Collaboration With that, the two men looked at Roxanne cautiously.
Ultimately, the herbs were for the research institute, and they were not sure what she would think about the involvement of the Queen and Farwell families.
Noticing their expressions, Roxanne replied with amusement, “I don’t have any issue with that. We wouldn't be able to secure the suppliers without the help from both of you anyway.”
Any solution was a good solution as long as it could help the research institute. Hearing that, both men heaved a sigh of relief.
“Let's hold a press conference in the afternoon, then!” Jonathan said. Roxanne was stunned. “What's the press conference for?”
Jonathan replied helplessly, “An opportunity to collaborate with Farwell Group doesn’t come by every day. Obviously, those medicinal herb suppliers would want everyone to know about it. However, they won't be attending the press conference. It will only be the three of us.”
Lucian lowered his gaze to look at the woman and said, “If you don’t like that, we can do it in a different way. Farwell Group can issue an official statement directly.”
After all, the point was to let the public know about their collaboration with Farwell Group.
After giving it some thought, Roxanne decided to compromise. “What time in the afternoon? | need to get ready.” With thot, the two men looked ot Roxonne coutiously.
Ultimotely, the herbs were for the reseorch institute, ond they were not sure whot she would think obout the involvement of the Queen ond Forwell fomilies.
Noticing their expressions, Roxonne replied with omusement, “I don’t hove ony issue with thot. We wouldn’t be oble to secure the suppliers without the help from both of you onywoy.”
Any solution wos 0 good solution os long os it could help the reseorch institute. Heoring thot, both men heoved o sigh of relief.
“Let's hold o press conference in the ofternoon, then!” Jonothon soid. Roxonne wos stunned. “Whot's the press conference for?”
Jonothon replied helplessly, “An opportunity to colloborote with Forwell Group doesn’t come by every doy. Obviously, those medicinol herb suppliers would wont everyone to know obout it. However, they won't be ottending the press conference. It will only be the three of us.”
Lucion lowered his goze to look ot the womon ond soid, “If you don’t like thot, we con do it in o different woy. Forwell Group con issue on officiol stotement directly.”
After oll, the point wos to let the public know obout their colloborotion with Forwell Group.
After giving it some thought, Roxonne decided to compromise. “Whot time in the ofternoon? | need to get reody.” With that, the two men looked at Roxanne cautiously.
Ultimately, the herbs were for the research institute, and they were not sure what she would think about the involvement of the Queen and Farwell families.
Jonathan replied, “It will start at two in the afternoon tentatively. However, if the timing doesn’t suit the two of you, | can let the media know that we are postponing it.”
“No need. We will be there on time. Thanks for making the arrangements,” Roxanne said.
Jonathan flashed a casual smile. “All | did was make a few calls. The new medicine that you have developed is going to save millions of lives. There aren’t many good doctors around these days, and you are definitely one of them!”
“Thanks.” Roxanne smiled at his praise.
With a straight face, Jonathan said, “I mean it. It’s not flattery, and I’m not saying it just because it’s you!”
Roxanne’s eyes were filled with gratitude, and the atmosphere in the room suddenly became serious.
The next moment, Jonathan chuckled and stood up. “All right, | shall make a move first. See you guys later and don’t be late.” After saying that, he pointed at Roxanne’s neck and reminded her gingerly, “Uh... Remember to wear a high-collar ouifit...”
He did not want the focus of the press conference to be the couple’s relationship.
If that happened, the suppliers would probably feel offended. Roxanne followed Jonathan’s gaze.
Even though she wasn’t able to see anything from her angle, she quickly realized what the man was referring to. A blush of embarrassment spread across her cheeks as she glared at Lucian.
Lucian turned toward Jonathan with a darkened expression and said, “Aren't you leaving? Why are you talking so much? If you have anything to say, say it at the press conference later!”
Jonathan smiled sheepishly and left after saying goodbye to them. Soon, Lucian and Roxanne were the only ones left in the room. Roxanne glared at Lucian in annoyance before she stood up and walked toward the mirror to check out the hickey on her neck.
As if he had done it on purpose, the hickey was planted on the spot between her neck and shoulder, a position where her collar could barely cover and just a slight movement from her would expose it.
Roxanne recalled the look in Jonathan’s eyes when she was walking down the stairs earlier, and it suddenly occurred to her that he must have already seen it then!
At that realization, the woman instantly blushed. Just then, she saw Lucian’s reflection in the mirror. She did not notice him walking over. With her face flushed red, Roxanne was about to scold Lucian when the man spoke first.
Smiling affectionately at Roxanne, he said, “Never have | imagined that we will get to collaborate one day. | look forward to working with you, Dr. Jarvis.” 
###Chapter 1610
Chapter 1610
Chapter 1610 Not As Husband And Wife
Roxanne was annoyed with him leaving the hickey in such a visible spot, but at the same time, she was also grateful that he helped solve the trouble at the research institute. For a moment, she did not know how to respond.
Lucian was unbothered. He walked up to hug her from behind. After glancing at the hickey on her neck, he kissed the same spot again.
Roxanne avoided him, her face red. “You knew about it long ago, did you?”
Lucian looked at the spot with disappointment. “I should have left it on your neck.”
Hearing that, Roxanne got even more frustrated. “I won’t be able to conceal it even if | want to!” Lucian shrugged and responded, “I want everyone to know you’re mine.”
Before Roxanne could throw a fit, he rested his head on her shoulder and whispered in her ear, “I have no choice but to resort to this method since you refuse to accept my proposal...”
He sounded quite aggrieved.
Roxanne knitted her brows slightly but was quick to regain her composure. She reached up to pat his head. With a soft voice, she coaxed him, “Does it matter if | agree or not? What difference does it make?”
Lucian caught her hand and kissed it. “It’s not the same.”
He gazed into her eyes deeply before releasing her hand from his grip. “We should get ready. It’s getting late.” Roxonne wos onnoyed with him leoving the hickey in such o visible spot, but ot the some time, she wos olso groteful thot he helped solve the trouble ot the reseorch institute. For o moment, she did not know how to respond.
Lucion wos unbothered. He wolked up to hug her from behind. After gloncing ot the hickey on her neck, he kissed the some spot ogoin.
Roxonne ovoided him, her foce red. “You knew obout it long ogo, did you?”
Lucion looked ot the spot with disoppointment. “I should hove left it on your neck.”
Heoring thot, Roxonne got even more frustroted. “I won’t be oble to conceol it even if | wont to!” Lucion shrugged ond responded, “I wont everyone to know you’re mine.”
Before Roxonne could throw o fit, he rested his heod on her shoulder ond whispered in her eor, “I hove no choice but to resort to this method since you refuse to occept my proposol...”
He sounded quite oggrieved.
Roxonne knitted her brows slightly but wos quick to regoin her composure. She reoched up to pot his heod. With o soft voice, she cooxed him, “Does it motter if | ogree or not? Whot difference does it moke?”
Lucion cought her hond ond kissed it. “It’s not the some.”
He gozed into her eyes deeply before releosing her hond from his grip. “We should get reody. It’s getting lote.” Roxanne was annoyed with him leaving the hickey in such a visible spot, but at the same time, she was also grateful that he helped solve the trouble at the research institute. For a moment, she did not know how to respond.
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief as she was grateful Lucian did not say anything more after that. Lucian held her hand and walked her out.
“Mommy! Daddy!” The three children had a good night's sleep on the weekend. As they were walking downstairs, they noticed Lucian and Roxanne holding hands.
Roxanne quickly lifted her other hand to cover the hickey on her neck.
Lucian remained calm. “We're going out this afternoon. You guys stay home. Call me if Grandpa and Grandma come over.”
The little ones obediently inclined their heads in acknowledgment.
Lucian went out with Roxanne and headed straight to Neon Boutique.
It took Roxanne a while to realize Lucian had brought her there for a makeover.
“Do we really need to make such a big deal out of this?”
The press conference in the afternoon only required them to sign a contract in front of reporters. All Lucian needed to do was put on a suit for the occasion.
Yet, he clearly had a different idea in mind.
Instead of loosening his grip on her hand, Lucian led her into the store upon hearing her words. “I’m not just doing this for you. | need to prepare too.”
Roxanne looked at his back, wondering what else the man needed to prepare for. He’s already looking like Prince Charming.
“This is the first time we will officially appear together in front of the media. Though we’re not appearing as husband and wife, it's still worth paying attention to.” Lucian meant every word he said.
To him, the press conference in the afternoon was not just about the contract. It was also an opportunity to announce their relationship to the world!
Every time he thought of how Jack had been eyeing her with obvious interest, Lucian felt a twinge of jealousy. Knowing what Lucian had in mind, Roxanne decided to do as he said.
The Farwells had long been loyal customers of Neon Boutique, and that was why they could enjoy VIP privileges in the store. The head of Neon Boutique headquarters in Horington even took the trouble to style them personally.
“Mr. Farwell, you...” While styling, the person in charge chatted with Lucian as he was familiar with Lucian. He would occasionally turn his attention to Roxanne as he spoke.
Roxanne and Lucian knew what he wanted to ask even before he finished his sentence. It was obvious he was eager to find out if they were ready to go public.
Lucian glanced at him and asked, “What do you think?”
The ambiguous answer he gave made the person in charge think he had misunderstood them. “I see. Got it. I’ll make you guys look good. Don’t worry!” 
###Chapter 1611
Chapter 1611
Chapter 1611 Too Flashy Ahint of amusement flashed across Lucian’s eyes when he saw how Roxanne wanted to deny it but was hesitant to speak. Ina deep voice, he instructed the head of Neon Boutique, “Keep it simple. She doesn’t like anything too extravagant.”
The person nodded repeatedly and even praised Roxanne, “Mrs. Farwell is a natural beauty. She’s gorgeous even without makeup. You two are simply a perfect match, Mr. Farwell!”
Roxanne did not let the remark get to her. He probably praised Aubree the same way when she came for styling a few months ago.
The head of Neon Boutique took two hours to style Roxanne and Lucian.
He fixed Roxanne’s cascading locks behind her ear with a gleaming pearl hairpin and gifted her a pair of pearl earrings. In addition to presenting her with subtle yet sophisticated makeup, he also attired her in a snowy white slim-fitted blazer with a corresponding skirt in the same tone, endowing her with a delicate and refined appearance.
As for Lucian, he deftly combed his hair backward, accentuating his flawlessly chiseled facial features. He then dressed him in a sleek black suit that complemented Roxanne’s attire and adorned his sleeves with exquisite pearl cufflinks, echoing the elegance of Roxanne’s earrings.
At first glance, the two looked like a couple.
Seeing their outfits, Roxanne could not help but hesitate. “Lucian, | think...” Ahint of omusement floshed ocross Lucion’s eyes when he sow how Roxonne wonted to deny it but wos hesitont to speok. In o deep voice, he instructed the heod of Neon Boutique, “Keep it simple. She doesn’t like onything too extrovogont.”
The person nodded repeotedly ond even proised Roxonne, “Mrs. Forwell is o noturol beouty. She’s gorgeous even without mokeup. You two ore simply o perfect motch, Mr. Forwell!”
Roxonne did not let the remork get to her. He probobly proised Aubree the some woy when she come for styling o few months ogo.
The heod of Neon Boutique took two hours to style Roxonne ond Lucion.
He fixed Roxonne’s coscoding locks behind her eor with o gleoming peor! hoirpin ond gifted her o poir of peorl eorrings. In oddition to presenting her with subtle yet sophisticoted mokeup, he olso ottired her in o snowy white slim-fitted blozer with o corresponding skirt in the some tone, endowing her with o delicote ond refined oppeoronce.
As for Lucion, he deftly combed his hoir bockword, occentuoting his flowlessly chiseled fociol feotures. He then dressed him in o sleek block suit thot complemented Roxonne’s ottire ond odorned his sleeves with exquisite peor! cufflinks, echoing the elegonce of Roxonne’s eorrings.
At first glonce, the two looked like o couple.
Seeing their outfits, Roxonne could not help but hesitote. “Lucion, | think...” A hint of amusement flashed across Lucian’s eyes when he saw how Roxanne wanted to deny it but was hesitant to speak. In a deep voice, he instructed the head of Neon Boutique, “Keep it simple. She doesn’t like anything too extravagant.”
She wanted to say it was inappropriate for them to appear like a couple, but Lucian was satisfied with their looks. He even told the person in charge he would buy all the garments and accessories worn today.
Roxanne was taken aback when she saw the bill of the entire ensemble, together with their styling, amounted to nearly a million.
Confronted with such a staggering amount, she had to bite back her initial disbelief. Any last-minute alterations would undoubtedly cost them even more. Just because Lucian has money doesn’t mean we should spend it like there’s no tomorrow.
It was one in the afternoon when they left Neon Boutique.
They only had an hour left until the press conference.
Jonathan, who had called to hurry them along, was relieved when he learned they were on their way.
During their journey to the conference, Roxanne briefly hesitated and considered removing her earrings.
“Are you so afraid of others knowing about our relationship?” Lucian expressed his dissatisfaction.
Roxanne paused. “I just feel they’re too flashy...”
“The media has been speculating about our relationship since the last statement was released. If we’re seen together, it’s practically an official announcement. So, what difference do our outfits make?” Lucian said with his eyes fixed on the road ahead. He only said so because he was afraid Roxanne would refuse to wear the same outfit as him.
It was a spur-of-the-moment decision, as Lucian saw the opportunity to make their relationship official and decided to seize it.
Roxanne hesitated for a moment before responding softly, “I don’t mean to upset you. | just feel the signing ceremony is a work occasion.” She continued nudging Lucian. “Besides, even if | don’t wear the earrings, our clothes are already matching.”
As Roxanne took a gentler approach to make him understand her concern, Lucian reached out and held her hands.
The thought of Farwell Group and Queen Group conducting a joint press conference still gave Roxanne butterflies in her stomach.
Throughout the drive to the venue, Roxanne kept asking Lucian for guidance on the details to pay attention to during the joint conference.
Lucian, noticing her anxiety, did his best to ease her anxiety and reassure her. When they arrived, a swarm of journalists had already surrounded Jonathan.
As soon as Lucian and Roxanne stepped out of the car, the journalists quickly turned their attention toward them and rushed in their direction. 
###Chapter 1612
Chapter 1612
Chapter 1612 More Capable Than Aubree
Roxanne was stunned by the scene.
Lucian immediately shielded her behind him as he stared at the reporters expressionlessly.
“Mr. Farwell, how goes things in your relationship with Ms. Jarvis? Are you two about to remarry?” “Dr. Jarvis, why did you leave Mr. Farwell back then?”
One after another, questions flooded Roxanne’s ears.
Roxanne drew her brows together, unhappy to hear the questions.
The focus of the press conference that day was their collaboration, yet the reporters kept bombarding them with questions about their personal life.
Seemingly reading her mind, Lucian said coldly, “Sorry, but we’re only going to talk about work matters today. There will be a Q8A session later, so | won't be answering anything right now.”
With that, he led Roxanne forward.
Right then, Jonathan rushed over, and the two men kept Roxanne protected between them as they went to the table up ahead. The three of them took their seats as the lights flashed below the stage.
The press conference was broadcasted live on the internet as well.
When the netizens saw Roxanne appearing with Lucian, the chatroom went into an uproar.
One netizen wrote: Dr. Jarvis is a beauty! She’s my waifu, and Mr. Farwell’s my husbando!
Someone replied: Keep dreaming! Mr. Farwell and Dr. Jarvis are the ultimate couple! They’re even wearing matching outfits! What kind of otherworldly love do they have? Roxonne wos stunned by the scene.
Lucion immediotely shielded her behind him os he stored ot the reporters expressionlessly.
“Mr. Forwell, how goes things in your relotionship with Ms. Jorvis? Are you two obout to remorry?” “Dr. Jorvis, why did you leove Mr. Forwell bock then?”
One ofter onother, questions flooded Roxonne’s eors.
Roxonne drew her brows together, unhoppy to heor the questions.
The focus of the press conference thot doy wos their colloborotion, yet the reporters kept bombording them with questions obout their personol life.
Seemingly reoding her mind, Lucion soid coldly, “Sorry, but we’re only going to tolk obout work motters todoy. There will be o Q8A session loter, so | won't be onswering onything right now.”
With thot, he led Roxonne forword.
Right then, Jonothon rushed over, ond the two men kept Roxonne protected between them os they went to the toble up oheod. The three of them took their seots os the lights floshed below the stoge.
The press conference wos broodcosted live on the internet os well.
When the netizens sow Roxonne oppeoring with Lucion, the chotroom went into on uproor.
One netizen wrote: Dr. Jorvis is 0 beouty! She’s my woifu, ond Mr. Forwell’s my husbondo!
Someone replied: Keep dreoming! Mr. Forwell ond Dr. Jorvis ore the ultimote couple! They’re even weoring motching outfits! Whot kind of otherworldly love do they hove? Roxanne was stunned by the scene.
Lucian immediately shielded her behind him as he stared at the reporters expressionlessly.
Another commented: Dr. Jarvis is as attractive and capable as Mr. Farwell if she can work with him! Who'd get sick of a power couple like them?
The people were chatting away, but all they had were praises for Roxanne. When they saw Roxanne and Lucian signing the contract, they sang even more compliments about them.
At that moment, Sonya, who had found out that Farwell Group would be working with Roxanne’s research institute that afternoon from Elias and said she did not care about it, was tuning in to the live broadcast.
When she saw the matching outfit her son had worn with Roxanne, her expression darkened. “Is he working or what? Does he even know what all these people are talking about? Is there even anyone who cares about the collaboration?”
Elias glanced at the broadcast and agreed with them. “It’s not as if they’re wrong. Roxanne’s indeed much more capable than Aubree.”
Sonya shot him a glare in response. “Roxanne must be the one who made Lucian wear that! She must have pestered Lucian until he agreed to the collaboration too!”
How else would Roxanne’s tiny research institute get the chance to work with Farwell Group?
Elias disagreed. “Even if you don’t believe Roxanne, you should have trust in Lucian. He’s not one to prioritize his heart over his mind. The clothes...” Upon deliberation, he continued confidently, “I'd say it was Lucian who suggested wearing matching outfits instead.”
Elias had been working in the corporate world for so many years. He could easily spot Roxanne’s uneasiness.
Even though she seemed as though she was unbothered by everything, he noticed that she would look at her clothes awkwardly every once in a while.
He guessed that she must be troubled by the clothes she was wearing. Elias smiled and shook his head. | have to admit that my son has crossed the line by doing this.
Uncomfortable to hear Elias siding with Roxanne and see the netizens complimenting Roxanne, Sonya forcibly changed the topic.
“Stop watching. Elektra and her family will be reaching soon. Hurry up and tidy up a little before we welcome them in. It’s been years since we last saw them. | wonder how Elektra is doing now.”
The Lane family was a family friend of the Farwell family. They were a leading figure in luxury goods and migrated to Epea a few years ago.
Elektra Lane was the Lane family’s only daughter, and she was two years older than Lucian. The two of them were considered childhood friends. 
###Chapter 1613
Chapter 1613
Chapter 1613 Nothing To Do With Damaris Group Meanwhile, Hector saw the live broadcast on the internet as well.
When he saw Lucian announce that Farwell Group would be working with Roxanne’s research institute and that Queen Group would be supplying medicinal herbs to the research institute, he was dumbfounded.
He switched on the television and told someone to summon Jack.
“What's the matter, Grandpa?”
Jack had been confidently waiting for Roxanne to relent to him, so he did not think much of Hector’s summon. However, the second he entered the room, he saw the live broadcast on the television screen, and he paled. “Answer me. How is our collaboration with Dr. Jarvis going so far?” Hector asked, clinging to the last bit of hope. By then, Roxanne and Lucian were already signing the contract as shown on the screen.
Knowing that he could not keep the matters under wrap anymore, Jack tried to keep a lighthearted tone as he said, “As you can see, not too well.”
Hector slammed his cane against the floor. “What do you mean by not too well? It’s not going too well to the point Dr. Jarvis decided to turn to another company for her supply of medicinal herbs?”
Awhile ago, Hector had heard that Roxanne’s research institute had developed a new kind of drug that could be released to the market soon. Meonwhile, Hector sow the live broodcost on the internet os well.
When he sow Lucion onnounce thot Forwell Group would be working with Roxonne’s reseorch institute ond thot Queen Group would be supplying medicinol herbs to the reseorch institute, he wos dumbfounded.
He switched on the television ond told someone to summon Jock.
“Whot’s the motter, Grondpo?”
Jock hod been confidently woiting for Roxonne to relent to him, so he did not think much of Hector’s summon. However, the second he entered the room, he sow the live broodcost on the television screen, ond he poled. “Answer me. How is our colloborotion with Dr. Jorvis going so for?” Hector osked, clinging to the lost bit of hope. By then, Roxonne ond Lucion were olreody signing the controct os shown on the screen.
Knowing thot he could not keep the motters under wrop onymore, Jock tried to keep o lightheorted tone os he soid, “As you con see, not too well.”
Hector slommed his cone ogoinst the floor. “Whot do you meon by not too well? It’s not going too well to the point Dr. Jorvis decided to turn to onother compony for her supply of medicinol herbs?”
Awhile ogo, Hector hod heord thot Roxonne’s reseorch institute hod developed o new kind of drug thot could be releosed to the morket soon. Meanwhile, Hector saw the live broadcast on the internet as well.
Hector had even thought about heading to the research institute in person to find out what the new drug was like, but Jack stopped him.
Hector did not dwell on Jack’s actions at that time.
After all, Damaris Group had been doing better and better under Jack’s lead. Hector believed that Jack’s collaboration with Roxanne would go equally smoothly.
Yet, his wait lasted for half a month.
Hector had never thought that not only would he not hear the good news about Damaris Group’s collaboration with Roxanne, but he would also hear the announcement of Roxanne’s collaboration with another company.
At the sight of Hector’s fury and the matching outfits and close proximity of Roxanne and Lucian, Jack was filled with rage.
He had never expected Roxanne to actually look for another company, let alone through the Farwell family.
Not only did he not get what he wanted, but he even gifted his idea to Farwell Group.
“| want an explanation! What is going on?” Hector roared and stomped the ground when he heard no reply from Jack. Jack came back to his senses and lowered his gaze in silent contemplation for a while.
“Grandpa, I’ve tried my best to score a collaboration with her, but you have no idea how Dr. Jarvis, with Lucian’s guidance, refused to relent when it came to the profits. She had been putting us in tough spots, and it was impossible for us to negotiate anything with her.”
Hector snapped, “Why didn’t you come to me when this happened?”
Jack quietly raked his gaze over Hector in disdain, but he maintained a respectful look. “Dr. Jarvis told me she needed time to mull over this after our last negotiation. | never thought she would immediately work with another company instead. It’s true that Dr. Jarvis is an excellent doctor, but she’s not a good business partner. She doesn’t even have integrity.”
In other words, Jack was putting the blame on her.
“Shut up!” Hector threw the cup on the table in his wrath. “Why didn’t you come to seek my help when you weren’t able to come to an agreement on the profits? I’m old, not dead!”
If Roxanne were to work with Damaris Group for her newly developed drug, Damaris Group would be able to reach a new high in their reputation.
Alas, that had nothing to do with Damaris Group anymore. 
###Chapter 1614
Chapter 1614
Chapter 1614 The Reputation Of The Damaris Family
Jack was still unperturbed despite Hector's wrath. He said, “Grandpa, Dr. Jarvis was insistent about selling the new drug for a hundred and twenty per box. I'm afraid no one will accept that price because that will not be a profiting deal.”
When Hector heard that, his vision went dark, and he nearly passed out from his anger.
He did not expect the heir he handpicked to put such importance on profits.
“Is the Damaris family short of that small amount of money?” the elderly man asked as he held his chest and gasped for air.
Jack lowered his head and fell silent, but anyone could still tell what he was thinking about. He felt that the company would end up making losses, so it was not worth working with Roxanne.
Asurge of disappointment washed over Hector as he looked at his grandson. “I chose you as the Damaris family's heir because |
thought you'd understand that the Damaris family's reputation of a hundred years was made with the kindness of physicians, not the wealth of physicians.”
Jack answered gloomily, “I understand.”
Hector glared at him again. “You do not! How many years has it been since the Damaris family develop a drug that can change many people's lives? We were close to developing a good drug by working with Roxanne, but you messed it up!”
At that point, the press conference had reached its end. Roxanne and the other two men had gone past the crowd of reporters with the bodyguards escorting them.
The collaboration had been set in stone.
Knowing that there was no way to turn the tables anymore, Hector gave up. He waved his hand dismissively and muttered, “Forget it. | think you've lost track of your initial aspiration. Set aside your task in managing Damaris Group and work in pro bono medical consultations instead to get back your original aspiration. I'll get someone else to manage Damaris Group for now.”
Jack's heart lurched when he heard that, and he snapped his head upward to stare at Hector in disbelief.
Damaris Group has come so far today because of my hard work, but now Grandpa is kicking me aside just like this? How can | just accept this? | haven't even reached my goal yet!
Suppressing the emotions bubbling in his chest, Jack lowered his head and apologized to Hector. “Grandpa, I'm sorry. | shouldn't have made this decision on my own, but I'm sure there's a way to reverse this situation with Dr. Jarvis. Let me have another talk
with her.”
Hector shook his head in disappointment. “It's too late now. Didn't you see that? The whole world now knows that Dr. Jarvis is working with Farwell Group and Queen Group.”
The Damaris family no longer had anything to do with the new drug her research institute developed.
All Hector could hope now was for the public not to know about how the Damaris family could not continue working with Roxanne because of conflicts in profit.
If the news about that were to spread, the Damaris family's reputation might suffer.
“Close to a hundred types of medicinal herbs are involved in the new drug. There's no way Roxanne could find replacements for all of them. There must be at least a type that she hasn't found a source for yet, so she'll still have to work with Damaris Group!”
Jack still refused to give up.
Hector did not see a point in wasting his breath on his grandson, so he waved his hand tiredly and uttered, “I'm old now. | can't lord over you anymore. Despite being the heir of a family of doctors, you see more value in money than in helping others. One day, you will end up falling from grace because of this.”
With that, Hector went upstairs.
Jack's face clouded over.
He's right. He's old now, so he can't even tell wrong from right. The Damaris family is now on the pedestal of the medical field, worshipped by so many, but what use is that? It's nothing but a title at the end of the day, and we even have to spend much money and time to maintain that name of ours with all those pro bono medical consultations. Eventually, the Damaris family will go bankrupt. The reputation of being kind isn't something the Damaris family needs anymore. What the Damaris family needs is money. We need to make a profit! 
###Chapter 1615
Chapter 1615
Chapter 1615 A Pleasure To Work With You
The news of the three organizations working together spread like wildfire.
In a mansion in the suburbs, Frieda was seated rigidly on the couch as she stared at Shawn's back.
The man was elegantly brewing coffee by the coffee machine.
Amoment later, he brought the fresh coffee to her with a smile. “This is all thanks to you, Ms. Queen. It's a pleasure to work with you.”
Frieda was momentarily struck dazed by his smile, but when she heard his words of thanks, she quickly flashed him a smile of her own and answered, “It's nothing. | only mentioned it to my brother. That's all.”
Frieda was the one who recommended the trading company that Jonathan contacted for Roxanne.
That company belonged to Shawn and was recommended to Frieda by Shawn himself before getting recommended to Jonathan.
Jonathan had been having trouble with finding a supplier back then, so when Frieda recommended the company to him, he only looked into it to make sure that the company was capable enough for the collaboration. He did not go deep into his research, and
he even praised Frieda for the recommendation.
Frieda gazed at Shawn in gratitude before saying, “I should be the one thanking you. With your recommendation, my brother is not that biased against me anymore.”
Shawn gave her another smile before sipping his coffee. His line of thought was different from Frieda's.
He had thought that Frieda's close relationship with Aubree meant that Jonathan would be suspicious when Frieda recommended to him the company.
However, it seemed that Jonathan did not have his guard up around his younger sister.
With just a snap of his fingers, his company was now working with Queen Group.
In other words, he had established a relationship with the Farwell family.
With that, anything he wanted to do would be much easier.
Shawn narrowed his eyes in satisfaction before putting down his cup and turning to Frieda. “What would you like for lunch?”
He shifted the topic to a more private one.
Frieda froze for a few seconds before a blush crept onto her face. “I-I'm fine with anything. Something simple would do.”
Shawn smiled and nodded. “I'll make the arrangements, then.”
He then took out his phone to make a call.
Once he was done making the arrangements, he led Frieda to the car, and they headed to the city center.
One had to admit that Shawn was a master at flirting.
It was a simple lunch, but somehow, he could make it seem romantic.
Frieda knew that there was nothing between the two of them, but still, she felt as if they were on a date.
Shawn was delighted to see her flustered.
He enjoyed the feeling of courting women.
Women who easily responded to flirtations like Frieda made him feel accomplished.
Furthermore, once he won over Frieda's heart, he would have even more ease in carrying out his plans in the future.
“Oh, yes. | can't do nothing after you've helped me out so much,” Shawn started. “Other than the amount we've agreed on with Queen Group, I'll give you ten percent of the profits every month. What do you think?”
Frieda was even more elated to hear that, but she kept her expression composed as she inclined her head.
Shawn smiled in satisfaction before pretending to sound regretful as he said, “I like your character, but | have some work matters to attend to, so I'll have to be away for a period of time.”
Frieda stiffened.
If he leaves, my plan will fall through!
Right as she was gripped by disappointment, Shawn continued, “This is the key to the mansion. | hope you can help me keep an eye on my mansion while I'm away. Also, | hope | won't be a nuisance if | contact you.”
He made it seem as though there were some romantic feelings between the two of them.
Frieda froze for a few seconds before a joyous look appeared on her face as her heart skipped a beat.
“| will. Don't you worry.” 
###Chapter 1616
Chapter 1616
Chapter 1616 Speak To Her
Upon leaving the Damaris residence, Jack drove back to Damaris Group.
On the way back, he replayed the live stream of the press conference.
The sight of how loving Roxanne and Lucian were filled him with frustration.
Upon arriving at Damaris Group, he quickly noticed the strange looks his staff was giving him.
Evidently, news of Roxanne forming a partnership with Farwell Group had become public knowledge.
“What are you looking at? Go back to your desks!” Jack barked.
The crowd gradually retracted their gazes as they returned to their stations.
Upon storming back into his office, Jack slammed the door behind him.
“Mr. Damaris...” Kevin entered warily. “With regard to the medicinal herbs that we have reserved for the research institute, should we continue to set them aside?”
Previously, Jack had ordered it to be done, for he was certain that Roxanne would change her mind and collaborate with him.
Little did he expect her to form a partnership with Farwell Group and Queen Group instead.
Upon a long deliberation, he answered coldly, “Leave them as it is. Call Ms. Jarvis and arrange a meeting. | would like to speak to her.”
Even if Roxanne had come to an agreement with the other two companies, Jack didn't believe they would be able to send medicinal herbs over to the research institute on such short notice.
He still stood a chance as long as he could speak to her before she received the herbs.
Upon receiving the instructions, Kevin did as he was told.
Roxanne picked up the call without a moment's delay.
“Ms. Jarvis, I'm Mr. Damaris' assistant. | wonder if you have time to spare, as Mr. Damaris would like to have a chat with you.”
The press conference had just ended, and Roxanne was on the way home with Lucian.
Kevin's proposal caused her to look at Lucian by reflex.
In response, Lucian nodded, indicating that it was up to her.
Retracting her gaze and pursing her lips, Roxanne flatly replied, “Please tell Mr. Damaris that my decision is firm and there's
nothing for us to discuss. | have found new partners to work with. The only thing left to talk about is compensation. That is
something you should speak to my lawyers about.”
With that, Roxanne ended the call.
Satisfied with Roxanne's decisive response, Lucian held her hand with a smile.
Meanwhile, a grim look descended upon Kevin's face, causing Jack's expression to change drastically.
“What did she say? When does she have time?”
Kevin's voice began to quiver. “Ms. Jarvis mentioned that the only thing left to discuss is compensation. S-She wants us to talk to her lawyer about it.”
Jack's eyes narrowed as his voice turned frosty. “Say that again.”
Sensing his anger, Kevin steeled himself to repeat the statement despite the growing panic within him.
“That ungrateful b*tch!”
Having been reprimanded by Hector and almost losing the Damaris family's controlling stake, Jack was further enraged by Roxanne's rejection.
Kevin was cowed into silence, for this was the first time he had ever seen Jack this angry throughout his long career.
Subsequently, a deathly silence fell upon the office.
It wasn't until a long while passed that Jack waved his hand at Kevin. “You're dismissed!”
Heaving a sigh of relief, Kevin turned and scurried away.
Inside the office, Jack—with an insidious look in his eyes—got up from his desk and retrieved an aroma lamp from his drawer.
“Roxanne, | have given you plenty of opportunities, but you have spurned them all. Don't blame me for my ruthless methods!” 
###Chapter 1617
Chapter 1617
Chapter 1617 Jealous Of Your Own Daughter
After the press conference, Jonathan tactfully took his leave, for he didn't want to get in the way of the loving couple.
Lucian had planned to take Roxanne out to celebrate, but both of them decided to pick the children up from home instead.
After all, it had been a long time since the children had gone out with them due to their busy schedules.
“Daddy! Mommy!”
The moment they walked through the door, the children welcomed them excitedly.
Roxanne, in a good mood after resolving the matter, spread her arms with a smile but only ended up hugging Estella.
Archie and Benny were picked up by Lucian with one arm each.
As the two brothers were lifted into the air, they screamed in between their laughter, “We can fly!”
Lucian played along by swinging them through the air by their collar, while the brothers spread their arms to mimic the wings of a plane.
The three of them were enjoying themselves, but Roxanne was given a scare by the sight.
“Put them down. It's dangerous.”
Lucian naturally did as he was told. Even though Archie and Benny didn't have enough, they ran up to Roxanne's side obediently, not wanting her to worry.
“We watched TV today! You looked so handsome, Daddy! Mommy, you looked gorgeous too!” Benny complimented them.
In response, Roxanne gave his hair a tousle.
Lucian suggested in a deep voice, “Come, let's all go for a night out.”
The three of them jumped for joy at the news.
Roxanne and Lucian got the children changed into casual clothing before leaving home.
Lucian had made reservations at a high-end restaurant that was located on the top floor of the tallest building in the city center. The entire place was booked for their family alone.
As the five of them sat on the open-air rooftop, they listened to the soothing music in the background while admiring the city lights that looked like meteor showers raining on the ground.
“It's been a while since we last saw you, Mr. Farwell.” The manager served them personally, after which, he made light conversation with his guests. “This must be Ms. Jarvis. She's really beautiful. No wonder you always come here alone despite
our establishment being the best place for a date. With such a pretty partner, I'm sure no one else will ever catch your eye.”
Roxanne, in a wonderful mood that day, couldn't help but tease Lucian by asking the manager, “Didn't he come here with Ms. Pearson? Otherwise, what was he doing here by himself?”
As if he had recalled something humorous, the manager waved his hand. “Come to think of it, it's true that Mr. Farwell didn't come here alone.”
The answer caused the smile on Roxanne's face to freeze.
She had started out wanting to tease Lucian, but from the manager's reply, it seemed that she might end up embarrassing herself.
The manager added, “Mr. Farwell would always come with Ms. Farwell, who loves the desserts here. I'll bring you two more portions of it later. I'm sure the boys would enjoy them too.”
The moment the manager finished, Roxanne's smile grew more awkward as she thanked him.
In an attempt to avoid eye contact with Lucian, she lowered her head to cut the children's steak for them.
Once the manager left, it was Lucian's turn to pull her leg in return. “What is it, Ms. Jarvis? Are you jealous of your own daughter?”
Roxanne stomped at his feet under the table.
“What does jealous mean, Mommy?” Estella gave Roxanne an innocent look.
Archie and Benny swiftly stuffed their sister's mouth with some salad so that she would keep her mouth shut.
Staring at how hard Roxanne was blushing, Lucian let out a soft chuckle. 
###Chapter 1618
Chapter 1618
Chapter 1618 Waiting For A Suitable Opportunity
After dinner, the three children thoughtfully went aside to play.
Lucian had informed the manager in advance that the children would be coming along, so the latter had set up a play area that was filled with toys and games where the kids had a great time playing.
Meanwhile, Lucian and Roxanne admired the night view from the open-air rooftop.
“Thank you.”
Roxanne turned to Lucian and gave him a grateful look.
He cocked his brow in response, and a mischievous glint flashed across his eyes. “Is that all?”
Roxanne racked her brains for a moment. “We'll have to give Mr. Queen a treat someday. As for you, | have not thought of what to get you as a gift.”
She obviously knew that a word of thanks wouldn't be enough to satisfy him.
Lucian hugged her from behind, trapping her between himself and the railing, before handing her a glass of red wine.
Roxanne proceeded to take it from his hand.
“| don't need any gifts.” Lucian's voice rang out beside her ear. “You have already given me what | wanted a long time ago.” He clinked his glass against hers. “If you really want to thank me...”
He then whispered something into her ear.
Blushing all over, Roxanne turned around and pressed her wineglass against his lips as she protested, “I need to rest!”
If | hadn't known him well, | would have assumed that he spent the last few years gallivanting all over. Otherwise, how did he end up with such a dirty mind?
Having achieved his ive, Lucian took a sip from her wineglass and leaned in to feed her through his lips.
Roxanne was bedazzled by the sudden kiss.
“Go ahead and get some rest today. We have plenty of opportunities in the future.” After giving her a kiss, he brushed his finger across her lips.
Upon regaining her senses, Roxanne wanted to return to their seats so as to put some distance between them.
However, Lucian put on his serious expression again. “That aside, when are you going to fulfill the promise you made to me?”
Roxanne hesitated. After a brief silence, she replied, “I was thinking of waiting for a suitable opportunity.”
Even though the concern on her face was obvious to Lucian, he had no idea what she was worried about.
Unable to bring himself to pressure her, he pulled her into his embrace. “It's fine. | don't mind waiting.”
After all, the air had been cleared after the press conference today.
With a grateful smile, Roxanne wrapped her arms around his waist.
Both of them were subsequently locked in a warm embrace underneath the moonlight.
Only when it was getting late did they head home together with the children.
After having a blast under the manager's watchful eye, the three of them fell asleep the moment they got into the car.
When she saw how adorable the sleeping children were and Lucian's serious expression while driving, Roxanne's face brimmed with bliss.
She was more than satisfied with the life she currently had.
The only outstanding matter was Sonya's inability to accept her and her sons.
It seems that | have to work harder to make it happen!
Soon, their car came to a stop at the door of the Farwell residence.
After carrying the children out of the car, Lucian and Roxanne carefully sent them back into their room.
All three of them were exhausted after the long day and didn't wake up at all.
Only after the children were settled in that the two adults returned to their room.
When Roxanne emerged from the shower and recalled Lucian's words from the rooftop, a sense of reluctance descended upon her.
After how Lucian had ravaged her the night before and their exhausting session in the afternoon, she could still feel the soreness in her hips.
However, if Lucian insists... 
###Chapter 1619
Chapter 1619
Chapter 1619 As Soon As Possible
Just as she was concerned about her hips, Lucian emerged from the shower, causing her heart to skip a beat.
“You should get some rest. The last two days have been exhausting.” Lucian came over and pecked her on her lips.
Before Roxanne could react, Lucian raised his brows slightly. “However, if you want it, I'm more than happy to satisfy you.”
His words caused Roxanne's cheeks to burn as she tried to bury herself underneath the blanket.
Soon, when the sound of the hair dryer came to a stop, Lucian pulled up the sheets from another side. Upon getting into bed, he pulled her into his arms and fell into a deep slumber.
That night, both of them had a good night's sleep.
When Roxanne woke up the next morning, she felt fully reinvigorated.
It was then that Lucian received a call from Jonathan.
As Lucian was still in the bathroom, Roxanne pondered a moment before deciding to pick up.
“Jonathan, what can | do for you so early in the morning?”
Alook of surprise flashed across Jonathan's face when he heard her voice. “Roxanne?”
Before she could react, he asked tactfully, “Is this a bad time? Where's Lucian?”
Without thinking, Roxanne replied softly, “He's showering. What is it?”
Showering?
As his imagination began to run wild, Jonathan quickly suppressed his thoughts and explained earnestly, “I just wanted to let you know that the first batch of medicinal herbs has arrived. I'm currently at the port. Do you want to come over to examine them?”
The news surprised Roxanne. “That's quick.”
She had thought that it would take another two to three days.
Jonathan didn't waste the opportunity to put in a good word for his good friend. “Lucian knew that you needed it urgently. That was why he bought the first batch under his own name before the contract was signed. He wanted to make sure you received the supplies as soon as possible.”
Roxanne was naturally touched by the gesture.
When Lucian coincidentally emerged from the bathroom, Roxanne intended to hand the phone over to him. However, he shook his head and put it on speaker instead.
Jonathan continued, “To be honest, Lucian expended much effort to get this batch of herbs for you. His feelings for you are true, Roxanne. You must treasure him. It's rare to find a man as wonderful as he is!”
Roxanne almost burst into laughter at Jonathan's exaggeration. However, Lucian's presence caused her to quickly suppress the urge to do so.
Lucian, who couldn't bear to hear another word of it, barked, “Get to the point.”
Jonathan paused abruptly before saying sheepishly, “I've already asked Roxanne if she wants to come down here. I'm currently waiting at the port.”
When Lucian turned to Roxanne, she related what Jonathan had told her earlier. “I'll go over to check the goods. You send the children to kindergarten.”
Lucian had initially wanted to drive her to the port but decided against it when he thought about the children. “In that case, I'll pick you up in the evening.”
Roxanne agreed with a smile.
After both of them had breakfast, Lucian dropped the children off at the kindergarten, while Roxanne headed to the port.
Jonathan, who had been waiting there, began complaining again the moment he saw her.
Both of them took stock of the medicinal herbs while making idle chatter with each other.
Once they were sure everything was in order, the next step was to send the herbs to the research institute. There, they would be used in small batches to ensure that the final product was consistent with what was produced by Damaris Group.
After sending the medicinal herbs over, Jonathan took his leave, as the rest of the processes were considered industrial secrets.
Upon his departure, Roxanne threw herself back into her work. 
###Chapter 1620
Chapter 1620
Chapter 1620 Acting Fast
Linda urged Roxanne to have her lunch after being swamped with work the entire morning.
Since she was dealing with a huge shipment of medicinal herbs, Roxanne thought of having a quick bite nearby before resuming her work.
Aseries of honks sounded just as she left the premises.
However, she did not bother about the noises made and kept walking ahead, which resulted in the car honking at her repeatedly.
It took Roxanne a while to realize the honks were directed at her.
She turned around and saw a car parked not too far from the entrance to the research institute. The window was half-opened, revealing Jack's face.
“Ms. Jarvis.” Jack grinned at her the moment she looked in his direction.
Frowning, Roxanne had no intention of approaching him. “I'm sorry, Mr. Damaris. It's a busy day at work. Please excuse me.”
With that, she turned and headed toward the restaurant.
Suddenly, the honks rang out again as Jack maneuvered the vehicle to trail her from the back.
“Ms. Jarvis, let's preserve our relationship even if there's no business deal between us. Aren't we friends? Can't you spare me a few minutes?”
Jack's voice and car honks rang out at the same time, making heads turn as people walked out from the research institute.
Roxanne dreaded the unnecessary attention. Hence, she stopped and said, “What is it that you want to tell me, Mr. Damaris? You can say it now.”
Acold glint flashed across Jack's eyes when she conceded. He opened the car door and said, “Come on in. Let's chat inside.”
Roxanne stood rooted to the spot and kept her guard up.
Jack smirked and said, “Are you worried that | might do something to you in broad daylight, Ms. Jarvis? Come on, we're both people of status. Furthermore, | still have to be mindful of the Damaris family's reputation.”
With that, he opened the car door wider to let her examine the interior.
He added, “I just can't stand the heat outside. It's much more comfortable to talk in the car. After all, | can't finish what | want to say in a few words.”
Roxanne seized the opportunity and checked his car thoroughly. She did not take the passenger seat. Instead, she entered through the back door and sat by herself.
The air conditioner was switched on, so she had to close both the car door and window.
“You can speak now,” she requested indifferently.
Hiding the coldness in his eyes, Jack glanced at the aroma lamp underneath the passenger seat and put on a regretful expression.
“Ms. Jarvis, you acted really fast. | thought of looking for you in a couple of days, and perhaps we could still collaborate in one way or another. Little did | expect you would have signed a contract with Farwell Group and Queen Group already.”
Alayer of resentment and displeasure laced his tone.
Knitting her brows, Roxanne stared at the pair of eyes looking back at her through the rearview mirror. “You might want to ask around and find out what hefty losses the research institute has suffered due to this incident, Mr. Damaris.”
The factory had to shut down the production of medicines due to lack of supplies. Due to that reason, it demanded an exorbitant compensation from the research institute for delaying its production.
Lately, Lucian suggested producing the medicines in one of Farwell Group's factories for free, but Roxanne rejected his offer.
She felt that she had received tremendous help and support from Lucian. Therefore, she did not want to rely on him further.
An imperceptible trace of frustration flashed past Jack's eyes. “There's no need to be like that, Ms. Jarvis. It was only a matter of time before the research institute suffered losses. Honestly, up till now, | still don't agree with the price you set for the medicine.”
Ironically, she no longer felt anything toward his belittling remarks. “Your acceptance or rejection has nothing to do with me, Mr. Damaris. This is because I'm not collaborating with Damaris Group. Should you want to insist on your pricing, please go ahead and launch a new medicine yourself.” 
###Chapter 1621
Chapter 1621
Chapter 1621 You Can Leave
Jack was vexed with the woman in his rearview mirror.
It has only been several days since | last met her. How did she become so sharp-tongued?
Jack's anger dissipated as his gaze swept past the aroma lamp hidden under the passenger seat. His eyes continued to gleam with hostility.
Soon, this mouth won't be able to utter a single word.
At that thought, Jack felt exhilarated.
“Don't you ever forget that it was my idea to develop this medicine, Ms. Jarvis. If it weren't for me, you wouldn't have gotten so far in the research.”
He kept his composure and started engaging her in small talk to delay the time.
Roxanne thought the car smelled of essential oil but quickly dismissed the idea since she could not locate the source. She ended up assuming the faint fragrance was Jack's car perfume.
She nodded gently upon hearing Jack's comment. “That's true. If you hadn't mentioned anything about it, | wouldn't have had the courage to begin the research. Anyhow, | depended on my own strengths and capabilities to develop the medicine and bring the idea to fruition.”
Initially, Roxanne was rather dubious about the whole matter too.
She debated multiple times if she should brand the medicine under the Damaris family name because Jack was the one who proposed it first.
However, Lucian rejected her idea without any hesitation.
He justified that Jack merely gave a passing comment and had not involved himself in any parts of the research process. The success of the medicine was solely owed to Roxanne's efforts.
He truly believed that Jack could have proposed that idea to anyone, but only Roxanne could have created the medicine.
If | were to listen to Jack and give him credit for the medicine developed, does it mean that | could also do the same and share a crazy idea with any Tom, Dick, and Harry, then request to be credited when the idea came true in the future? Obviously, this is absurd!
The medicine should be exclusively branded under Roxanne's name along with her research institute.
After Lucian knocked some sense into Roxanne, the latter became more confident and assertive when defending her idea in front of Jack.
That made Jack absolutely furious.
If it were not for the fact that the aroma lamp had not completely burned out, he would have opened the door and kicked Roxanne out of the car.
“Ms. Jarvis, you're truly... eloquent and full of wit. Why didn't | realize your talent in the past?” teased Jack.
Roxanne smiled but said nothing.
Then, a brief moment of silence filled the air.
Suddenly, Jack gazed at Roxanne and asked, “If | were to give in and sell the medicine at two hundred and seventy-one per box, would you be willing to work with Damaris Group?”
For some reason, Roxanne felt Jack's tone sounded a bit peculiar, as though he had a hidden agenda.
However, she could not pinpoint what it was. “No thanks. I'm sticking to my decision,” she expressed her opinion without thinking twice.
Immediately, Jack's expression turned grim.
By then, the aroma lamp had already extinguished itself.
“Then, there's nothing else for us to talk about. You may leave now, Ms. Jarvis,” Jack uttered coldly.
Roxanne nodded as she opened the door.
Before stepping out of the car, she could not help but leave him with a heartfelt reminder. “Mr. Damaris, | used to respect you a lot because you upheld the Damaris family's record of benevolence to good causes. | admired your superb medical skills and passion for saving lives. However, | didn't expect your ambition to be so different from mine. | thought that doctors should prioritize the needs of their patients, but all you cared about was making a profit.”
She sighed softly before getting out of the car.
The livid Jack watched her leave with an expression of sullen resentment. 
###Chapter 1622
Chapter 1622
Chapter 1622 Fallen Sick Afterward, Roxanne visited a nearby restaurant for lunch.
Perhaps she had wolfed down her food too fast or was exhausted from work, as Roxanne fell into a daze and nearly fainted at the entrance.
Luckily, one of the restaurant employees grabbed her in time and helped her to regain her footing. After saying thanks, Roxanne headed back to the research institute.
She felt rather unwell for the rest of the afternoon. Yet, she pushed herself to complete all the required tests on the medicinal herbs.
It was already nightfall when Linda came to check on her. “Dr. Jarvis, is there anything else | can help you with?”
Linda followed the distinctive work culture from abroad and adhered strictly to the working hours. She would not take the initiative to work overtime if it was not necessary.
Before knocking off, she would usually check on Roxanne if she was still in the research institute. If the latter did not need her help, Linda would leave work first.
Roxanne shook her head and said, “Nope, I’m about to leave as well.” Right before walking away, Linda noticed Roxanne’s pale face. “Are you suffering from work fatigue, Dr. Jarvis?”
Genuinely feeling a little unwell, Roxanne said, “Perhaps. It’s a busy period for me, but things will be fine once the pharmaceutical manufacturing process is back on track.”
Linda was getting worried. “If the medicinal herbs are all good to go, | can take care of the rest. You should rest at home for two days, Dr. Jarvis, for you don’t look very good.”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne hesitated for a few seconds. Yet, in the end, she rejected Linda’s offer. “It's okay, I’m fine. Don’t worry about me.”
After putting away all the tools used for testing, Roxanne grabbed Linda’s hand and ushered her to the door. “Come on, let's leave together. I’m ready to call it a day.”
Linda said nothing and followed her out of the research institute.
As soon as they got out, Roxanne saw Lucian waiting for her by the car.
He hurried over the moment he saw her coming out.
Linda flashed him a polite smile before leaving.
“You're here? Why didn’t you tell me earlier...”
Right after Linda left, Roxanne felt slightly lightheaded and swayed on her feet. Frowning, Lucian quickly strode toward her and grabbed her by the arm. “What's wrong?”
At that moment, she knew she was unwell. Despite that, she tried to keep calm so as not to make Lucian worry. “It’s nothing serious. | overworked myself lately, but I'll be fine after getting some rest.”
Lucian scrutinized her intently. Moments later, he said with a gloomy look on his face, “You don’t look well.” Roxanne recalled Linda saying the same thing too.
Do | really look that terrible?
As she looked up, she was met with his gaze, and she could see how worried he was. “It's nothing. I’m a doctor myself, so | would know if | were sick.”
She sent Lucian a comforting smile and added, “It’s getting late. | bet the kindergarten has dismissed the children. Let’s go pick them up now.”
With that, she went ahead and walked to the car.
Lucian observed her from the back as his expression grew increasingly grim.
It was not his first time seeing her knackered and bushed due to work. Yet, he had never seen her so exhausted to that extent. Not only did she look pale, but her lip color had also gotten a few shades darker. She looked completely drained of energy! The only conclusion he could arrive at was that Roxanne had fallen ill.
She's just trying to force herself to appear strong because the pharmaceutical manufacturing process is finally showing some positive progress.
At that thought, Lucian swiftly made his way to the driver’s seat and drove off.
“I'll get Cayden to pick the kids up. Let’s go to the hospital.” 
###Chapter 1623
Chapter 1623
Chapter 1623 Emergency
Roxanne resisted right away when she heard where he was taking her to.
“I'm fine. How could | be sick when | was perfectly okay when | left the house in the morning?” As she spoke, she checked her pulse in front of Lucian in hopes of proving herself right.
She could tell she was unwell, but she did not take the symptoms seriously.
All she wanted was to assure Lucian.
Hence, she took her time to check her pulse thoroughly.
Lucian slowed the car down while watching her from the rearview mirror.
As time ticked away, the tension in the atmosphere became more and more palpable. Roxanne’s fingers were still placed on her wrist as a solemn look appeared on her face. Something is wrong with my pulse!
She tried to check further but to no avail, and it caused her to be perplexed.
“How are you? Any discomfort?” Lucian could not wait any longer.
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and gazed at him.
Judging by his tone, she knew how worried he was.
The man clenched his jaw tightly. How he wished he could fly her to the hospital immediately! Seeing so, her worries gradually disappeared as a warm and fuzzy feeling crept up on her.
She gave him a comforting smile. “It’s not a big deal. | merely overworked myself. I'll be fine after having some traditional medicine for two days.”
She did not want him to feel anxious.
Furthermore, Roxanne did not think that the hospital could identify the root cause.
With some extra time on hand, she was more inclined to study her condition on her own.
Since her symptoms were not serious, Roxanne thought she could take her time and check on her health.
Conversely, Lucian remained resolute. “It’s best you get a thorough check-up at the hospital. A doctor can’t treat himself, and there’s no guarantee you took your pulse correctly. There’s a hospital nearby owned by Queen Group. I'll take you there.”
Roxanne knew how worried he was, so she stopped insisting. “If going to the hospital would make you feel better, let’s go then.” Subsequently, she placed her fingers on her wrist discreetly, trying to figure out what was wrong with her pulse.
Lucian, on the other hand, accelerated all the way.
Unbeknownst to Roxanne, her face looked exceptionally pale.
As time went by, Lucian started to sense something was amiss.
Roxanne’s lips became darker and darker, to the extent that they turned purple!
No, this doesn’t look like a regular illness. She seems to have been poisoned!
“I'm going to call Cayden and ask him to pick the kids up.”
He tried to engage her in a conversation while driving. “Is there any message you want him to pass to the children?” At that point, Roxanne’s consciousness was slowly drifting away. Finally, she realized how serious her condition was. She felt so weak, and her eyelids were getting heavier by the second.
oo
Before she could utter one more word, her head fell toward the door, and she fainted.
“Roxanne!”
Lucian floored the accelerator as he struggled to reach her hand.
He was shocked to find out how icy-cold her hands were.
Lucian kept rubbing her hands to keep her warm.
“We're almost there, Roxanne. Everything will be fine. | won’t let anything happen to you...” He did not know if the words spoken were meant to comfort Roxanne or himself.
Suddenly, he thought of something and quickly whipped out his phone. He called the hospital and requested that all the medical specialists from each department be on standby.
After hanging up, he still did not feel at ease. Immediately, he instructed his men to search for the best specialists in the world and bring them over by private jets.
As soon as Lucian arrived at the hospital, Roxanne was rushed into the emergency room by the doctors and nurses. 
###Chapter 1624
Chapter 1624
Chapter 1624 Nothing Out Of The Ordinary
The hospital director was keeping Lucian company outside the emergency room, and he comforted Lucian by saying, “Mr. Farwell, all the best doctors in the city are here. Mrs. Farwell is going to be fine!”
Lucian ignored those words and kept staring at the light on top of the emergency room door.
At that moment, images of Roxanne’s face growing increasingly pale kept playing in his mind, and he felt utterly helpless. | had to watch the woman | love fall unconscious, and there was nothing | could do. | don’t even know what happened to her! This is the second time something like that has happened to her! The last time around, she almost couldn’t wake up. What’s going to happen this time? If something bad were to happen to her...
With that in mind, Lucian narrowed his eyes ferociously. If something happens to her, I’m going after Jack! If Jack hadn’t made life difficult for her, Roxanne wouldn’t have overworked herself! None of this would’ve happened!
As he was boiling with rage, his phone suddenly rang.
Lucian quickly composed himself. When he was about to reject the call, he saw it was a call from Pippa. Oh! | meant to call Cayden and tell him to fetch the kids. However, Roxanne fainted, and | forgot about that.
Lucian answered the call and uttered in a hoarse voice, “I’m sorry, Ms. Ward. Please look after the kids for a while more. I'll get Cayden to fetch them.”
Naturally, Pippa readily agreed. After hanging up the phone, Lucian called Cayden and instructed him to fetch the kids.
“Mr. Farwell, what if the kids ask about Mrs. Farwell?” After what happened the last time around, Cayden felt he needed to get Lucian’s opinion. Even if | need to lie to the kids later, | can tell myself that Mr. Farwell ordered me to do so.
Lucian went silent for a moment and glanced at the red light. In a deep voice, he answered, “Tell them Roxanne is going on a business trip, and | need to send her.”
Cayden hummed in agreement, hung up the phone, and rushed to the kindergarten.
Meanwhile, Lucian kept his phone and tried his best to stay calm while standing outside the emergency room expressionlessly. After some time, the door to the emergency room was finally pushed open.
Lucian grabbed the doctor’s arm and asked coldly, “How did it go? Is Roxanne awake?”
The doctor was frightened by Lucian’s aura. Upon glancing at the hospital director, the doctor stammered, “N-Not yet... We were about to do something to save her, but we found nothing wrong with Mrs. Farwell after we examined her...”
In other words, the doctor hadn't done anything after keeping Roxanne inside for so long.
“All of you are trash! Why didn’t you tell me earlier? If something happens to Roxanne, I’m going after all of you!” Lucian fumed. The rest of the doctors who came out of the emergency room were all trembling with fright.
Right then, the hospital director stepped forward and consoled, “Mr. Farwell, I've already looked for the best doctors in the world as per your instructions. They’re still on the plane and will be here early tomorrow morning at the latest.”
“Tomorrow morning?” Lucian repeated.
The hospital director could not stop himself from shuddering and changed the topic by saying, “Mrs. Farwell has now been transferred to the ward on the top floor. Would you like to see her? Perhaps you can wake her up.” 
###Chapter 1625
Chapter 1625
Chapter 1625 Answer My Call Five minutes later, Lucian arrived in the ward on the top floor.
By then, Roxanne was already wearing a hospital gown as she lay on the hospital bed with her pale face and purplish lips. Needless to say, she looked fatally ill.
Lucian was so heartbroken that he was having trouble breathing.
After standing by the bed for a long time, Lucian finally found the courage to ask, “Roxanne, can you hear me?” He leaned over, enduring the pain in his heart, and touched Roxanne’s cheek.
Of course, there was no response from Roxanne. Lucian couldn’t help but check her breathing to make sure she was still alive.
Unable to bear watching her in that state, he turned around to order the hospital director, “The moment those doctors arrive, send them to me immediately!”
The hospital director quickly assented.
Lucian didn’t sleep that night. Instead, he was sitting beside the hospital bed and checking Roxanne’s breathing every ten minutes.
At five in the morning, a few cars arrived at the hospital with the doctors in them.
The group of renowned doctors didn’t have time to rest, either. Instead, they were immediately brought to Roxanne’s ward. As soon as they entered, they were intimidated by the icy atmosphere in the ward.
Lucian was seen rising to his feet and making room for the doctors.
Although he hadn't said a word, his presence alone was intimidating enough. The doctors knew they would be in trouble if something were to happen to Roxanne.
Sensing that, the doctors were all acting with caution.
However, no matter how they examined Roxanne, they came to the same findings as the doctors did the day before.
They just couldn’t find what was wrong with Roxanne.
“You all are trash!” Lucian lost his cool. “Buzz off! From today onward, Farwell Group is going to stop sponsoring your projects!” Upon hearing those words, the doctors looked at each other.
Everyone knew how wealthy the Farwell family was. Without the Farwell family’s financial support, it would be hard for them to take part in international medical projects.
Obviously, that was a tremendous blow for those renowned doctors.
“Mr. Farwell, | think Mrs. Farwell’s condition is extremely unique. Please give us more time to find out what’s going on,” an esteemed and elderly doctor voiced out. “I promise you nothing is going to happen to Mrs. Farwell for the time being. She’s merely unconscious.”
“For the time being?” Lucian glanced at the doctor coldly before he asked bluntly, “How long is that going to be? Will you be able to give me an exact time frame? Even if you can do that, how are you going to promise me Roxanne will be fine?”
The doctors were rendered speechless.
The air in the ward felt as if it was frozen, and none of them dared to breathe out loud or leave.
Suddenly, the ringing of a phone broke the solemn silence in the ward.
Everyone instantly glanced in the direction of the sound and saw Lucian’s phone, which was on the bedside table, ringing. In an instant, everyone held their breath and waited to see who was dumb enough to call Lucian at that time.
Lucian picked up the phone. Right when he was about to reject the call, he saw the name on the caller ID.
It was a call from Jack.
When Lucian saw the name, his heart sank, and he answered the call with a grim look on his face.
“Mr. Farwell, | didn’t expect you to answer my call! | thought—”
On the other end of the call, Jack’s tone was respectful and disdainful at the same time.
Indeed, it was a complicated tone of voice. 
###Chapter 1626
Chapter 1626
Chapter 1626 Do My Best “Damaris.” Lucian gritted his teeth.
For some reason, Jack wasn’t happy with how Lucian addressed him. “Why are you treating me as a stranger, Mr. Farwell? | called to congratulate you!”
Jack must have something to do with this. Otherwise, why would he call at this time? Lucian had a scowl on his face when he glanced at the lifeless-looking woman on the hospital bed. “I don’t have time for your nonsense! Roxanne is unconscious now. Did you do this to her?”
In response, Jack acted surprised and said, “Mr. Farwell, how could you say that? I’m a doctor. Why would | do such an immoral thing?”
With that, he casually changed the topic by saying, “It’s just that | saw the press conference of Farwell Group’s cooperation with the research institute. Hence, | called to congratulate you, Mr. Farwell. You've finally gotten what you wanted! You managed to win Ms. Jarvis’ heart!”
Lucian narrowed his eyes angrily and uttered, “As | said before, | won’t let you take advantage of her! Roxanne is mine!”
“How would you know what | wanted to do to her, Mr. Farwell? If Ms. Jarvis had chosen me, | think she would be in a better situation now. Don’t you think so?” Jack chuckled.
Upon hearing that, Lucian tightened his grip on his phone and roared, “It’s you! What did you do to Roxanne?”
They were both smart men.
Although Jack didn’t explicitly admit to what he had done, his words confirmed Lucian’s suspicion. Jack was the culprit. “Roxanne trusted you! What did you do to her? How dare you!” Lucian uttered coldly.
Jack then raised his brows smugly and replied ambiguously, “Why are you so rash, Mr. Farwell? | didn’t say | did anything. Nevertheless, I’m still a famous doctor. Perhaps | can help Ms. Jarvis regain her consciousness.”
“What exactly are you trying to do? Are you doing this because Roxanne rejected working with you?” Lucian clenched his jaw.
“| don’t know what you're talking about.” Jack didn’t want Lucian to have anything on him. “I’m just saying | might be able to help
her.
No matter what Lucian said, Jack insisted he had nothing to do with Roxanne’s current situation. At the same time, Jack kept telling Lucian he could help with the treatment.
Therefore, Lucian had no choice but to suppress his anger and ask, “What do you need to treat Roxanne?”
In a playful and mocking tone, Jack replied, “Is this how you beg for help, Mr. Farwell? It seems like Ms. Jarvis isn’t important to you at all, Mr. Farwell.”
At that point, Lucian’s gaze was terrifyingly dark, and the veins on his forehead were bulging. “What do | need to do to get you to treat Roxanne, Mr. Damaris? I'll do my best to fulfill your conditions,” he enunciated.
Jack laughed in satisfaction when he heard that. “Who knew you would ever need to beg for help one day, Mr. Farwell? This is an eye-opener for me!”
After that, Jack uttered nonchalantly, “However, | haven’t figured out what | want in return. Give me some time to think, will you? Fil call you once I’m ready.”
With that, Jack hung up the phone. The tension in the ward was so thick one could cut it with a knife. The hospital director and the team of famous doctors were trying their best to breathe quietly and stay inconspicuous.
Lucian was filled with rage when he glanced at his darkened phone screen. Jack called just to assert his dominance! Even if | were to do whatever he wants me to do, he might still refuse to treat Roxanne! 
###Chapter 1627
Chapter 1627
Chapter 1627 Worse
“Mr. Farwell, should we let the specialists examine her once more?” the hospital director suggested fearfully. | don’t want to involve myself in this mess, but the man before me is the CEO of Farwell Group. | can’t afford to offend him. At the same time, the doctors behind me are internationally renowned specialists. | can’t afford to anger them either!
With that in mind, the hospital director had to steel himself and be the peacemaker. As soon as those words fell, Lucian turned to glare at them.
The doctors shivered in fear and lowered their heads in silence.
A few moments later, Lucian demanded coldly, “Check her body for poison!”
The hospital director and specialists were stunned when they heard that. Does Mr. Farwell think someone has poisoned his. wife? That's a crime! In hindsight, that’s rather normal among rich people.
The medical experts composed themselves and got to work.
Within a short while, most of the examination instruments in the hospital were sent to the ward.
The results were out shortly after.
The experts were all exchanging glances with each other because none of them dared to report to Lucian. “Are the results out?” Lucian was livid because he saw them standing idly and keeping mum.
Only then did the experts hand the reports to a younger member of the team.
“M-Mr. Farwell, we’ve already gone through all the tests. There’s nothing wrong with Mrs. Farwell.” The young expert then lowered his head nervously.
Lucian clenched his fists so tightly that his veins were bulging from underneath his skin. Nothing has changed! If they can’t detect any poison in Roxanne’s body, what on earth is wrong with her? What did Jack do to her?
Something suddenly came to that young expert’s mind, so he uttered cautiously, “The Damaris family is a prestigious family involved in the traditional medical field. Perhaps a traditional medicine practitioner can figure out what’s going on here...”
Everyone had heard the conversation Lucian had with Jack. Since the ward was so quiet, they could even hear Jack’s voice loud and clear. Besides, Lucian had made it clear when he was on the phone with Jack.
That was how the experts knew the Damaris family was involved. Perhaps a traditional medicine practitioner could find a breakthrough.
A dubious look appeared in Lucian’s eyes when he heard that. In the end, he ordered, “Bring the researchers from the research institute here.”
The hospital director agreed without hesitation and sent his men to the research institute. If traditional medicine works, I’m going to be free from this.
The distance between the research institute and the hospital was a mere ten minutes car ride.
However, the people in the ward felt as though it lasted centuries.
After a long wait, a few traditional medicine researchers finally arrived in their white coats, carrying with them the bitter scent of herbs.
Linda was leading the group, and her heart sank when she saw the person on the hospital bed. Ever since she returned to the country, she became the contact person at the research institute. Early that morning, she had already received a phone call from the hospital before she went to work.
When she heard something had happened to Roxanne, Linda immediately contacted all the researchers and brought them to the hospital.
She had seen how sick Roxanne looked when she was getting off work yesterday. Since Lucian had decided to contact the other people at the research institute, she knew Roxanne’s condition had to be bad.
However, she didn’t expect Roxanne to be in such a dire situation. 
###Chapter 1628
Chapter 1628
Chapter 1628 When Was She Poisoned
“Mr. Farwell, what happened to Dr. Jarvis?” Linda strode to the hospital bed, ignoring the tension swirling around Lucian.
His head swiveled to look at her, and when he recognized that she was Roxanne’s assistant, he reined in his temper.
“Have someone from the research institute treat her.”
Linda didn’t waste any time and promptly instructed a few researchers to treat Roxanne.
They were all competent in medicine and were more cautious once Lucian told them to investigate in the direction of a poisoning. If that were true, the poisoning appeared to be critical, judging from Roxanne’s pallor.
There was no telling what would happen if they dallied.
Everyone admired and respected Roxanne after the drug pricing incident and didn’t want such an unfortunate mishap to happen to a great doctor.
Furthermore, she had led the research institute to notable success after returning to the country. They performed another pulse check and found no conclusive results. However, the paleness of Roxanne’s face indicated something was wrong.
“We're sorry, Mr. Farwell, but we have no idea what’s going on with Dr. Jarvis,” one of the senior researchers apologized regretfully. “Dr. Jarvis’ pulse doesn’t appear any different from that of a normal person, but her complexion says otherwise.”
Lucian gave him a cold look. “No sh*t, Sherlock! Would | summon you all if she were fine? Bunch of...”
He swallowed the words “useless garbage” that had almost left his mouth.
No matter what, they were Roxanne’s co-workers at the research institute, and he still had to show them some level of decency. “We'll discuss further among ourselves,” one of them responded gruffly.
They gathered and spoke in hushed tones before presenting their hypotheses.
“We can’t rule out poisoning as a possibility in Dr. Jarvis’ case, but we don’t know what caused it. Her pulse is normal. It’s as if she’s only sleeping. Could she have been dosed with sleeping pills?” someone asked warily.
Linda denied, “Dr. Jarvis’ complexion wouldn't be so ashen if it were only sleeping pills.”
“Her lips are purple. Maybe the drug is affecting her heart,” someone interjected.
Several experts refuted, “We have checked, and there’s nothing wrong with Mrs. Farwell’s heart.” “Could it be... nerve anesthesia? But it shouldn’t cause her current complexion...”
“Is the toxicity spreading in the blood?”
The researchers and medical experts clashed together in a heated debate, and any suggestion was promptly shot down by the other party.
Alas, no progress was made to diagnose Roxanne.
“Mr. Farwell, do you know when Dr. Jarvis was poisoned?” someone suddenly inquired.
Silence fell over the room.
Indeed, if Roxanne was poisoned, then the timing of when it happened was crucial.
Brows furrowing, Lucian rifled through his memory bank, remembering that she was fine before today.
However, she had only been in contact with Jonathan and people at the research institute today. No one would have had an opportunity to poison her.
So, when did Jack poison her?
“Dr. Jarvis has a background in pharmacology. How could she have been unaware that she was poisoned?” The researchers were perplexed.
Lucian’s uneasiness grew as the conversation carried on.
He rubbed his forehead after a long moment. “You should all know this better than me. I'll give you a day. | don’t care what you do, but make her regain consciousness.”
Everyone hastily agreed, not daring to . 
###Chapter 1629
Chapter 1629
Chapter 1629 | Want To Talk To Mommy
The next day at the Farwell residence, the kids woke up and were worried when they found out their parents didn’t come home last night.
“Archie, let's call Mommy's phone!” Benny nudged his brother’s arm. Unease had been churning in the pit of the kids’ stomachs ever since coming home from school yesterday.
They recalled the last time something happened to Roxanne and were concerned when they didn’t hear back from Lucian and her.
Archie nodded with a frown, dialing Roxanne’s number. Benny’s face fell when the dial tone went on for a long while. “What if something bad happened to Mommy...”
“No, Mr. Lawson said Mommy is away on a business trip. Maybe she’s traveling and can’t answer the phone,” Archie reassured. “How about we try Daddy’s phone? Why didn’t he come home either?”
Benny’s face crumpled as he nodded, and Archie called Lucian.
In the hospital, Lucian saw Roxanne’s phone light up with a call from the kids and glanced at her laying still in the hospital bed. He pondered for a moment and didn’t answer the phone in the end, instead letting it ring until it stopped.
“Wake up. The kids are worried about you.” He grazed his fingertips over her pale cheek, which didn’t garner a response. Lucian’s phone started ringing a while later. He fished it out to see it was a call from the kids.
His brows knitted, and he fought the heavy emotions before answering neutrally, “What is it, Archie?”
Hearing their father’s voice sounding like normal alleviated the kids’ worry.
Benny and Estella crowded forward before Archie could respond.
“Where’s Mommy? | want to talk to Mommy,” the little girl said plaintively.
Lucian looked at Roxanne in bed, his gaze darkening. “She’s on a business trip and isn’t with me now. Didn’t Mr. Lawson tell you that?”
“But Mommy didn’t answer her phone when we called.” Estella pouted.
His gaze fell to Roxanne’s phone on the nightstand, and he turned it off before saying, “Mommy is very busy. She will call you back when she’s done. You shouldn't keep calling and disturbing her.”
The kids nodded reluctantly. “Okay, we got it.”
Lucian sighed in relief at their compliance.
| won't be able to keep up with the lie if they continue their interrogation. “When will you be back, Daddy?” Benny asked cautiously.
They had grown accustomed to having Lucian and Roxanne at home in the evenings and couldn't adjust to the abrupt change of their parents’ absence.
The undertone of hurt in their voices wrung Lucian’s heart, and he softened his tone. “Something came up, and I'm a little busy now. | probably won't be home today. Be good and listen to Catalina. I'll bring snacks when | go home.”
Mommy is away, and so is Daddy...
The kids sat on the couch, feeling somewhat despondent. They didn’t want to disturb Lucian and Roxanne’s work, so they had no choice but to agree.
Benny requested without missing a beat, “Then | want desserts from the restaurant we visited last time!”
The weight in Lucian’s heart lifted at the boy’s innocent tone, and he agreed in a gravelly voice. 
###Chapter 1630
Chapter 1630
Chapter 1630 Show Up Lucian hung up the phone after he reminded Archie and Benny to take good care of Estella. His surroundings fell silent the next second as pin-drop quietness filled the air inside the ward.
Gazing at Roxanne lying on the bed, Lucian was reminded of the heartwarming scene featuring the five of them having a meal together as a family in the dining room the other day.
The significant contrast between the circumstances at that time and the current situation caused him to feel depressed. “Roxanne, when are you going to wake up?”
He caressed her face with his fingers and leaned against her body, catching whiffs of her familiar scent while suppressing the boiling rage within his chest.
Jack Damaris! What have you done to her? If something terrible happens to her, | will ensure the entire Damaris household perishes!
Lucian stayed awake beside her bed and kept Roxanne company the whole night.
With bloodshot eyes and wearing an expression filled with barely- controlled fury, he resembled a demon who had just emerged from hell.
As afternoon approached, Lucian couldn't wait any longer. He kissed Roxanne’s lips, got to his feet, and strode out of the ward. A few specialists and researchers were engaged in a heated discussion outside the VIP ward.
“Have you come up with a conclusion?”
Lucian, emanating an oppressive air, swept his eyes across them.
No one expected him to exit the room suddenly. As a result, all of them were scared out of their wits. They remained quiet for a few moments before fearfully shaking their heads. Mr. Farwell appears more frightening than he did a few hours ago! We really can't handle this overwhelming pressure...
“You're all a bunch of good-for-nothings!” Lucian chided sternly while giving off a malevolent aura. Another wave of terror washed over them. Before they could react, the specialists and researchers saw Lucian marching toward the exit with large strides.
“M-Mr. Farwell, where are you going?” the hospital director asked with a trembling voice when he entered the building and ran into Lucian, who was wearing a grimace.
Lucian stopped briefly in his tracks and instructed coldly, “I'm going out for a while. You all better take good care of Roxanne. If something happens to her, I'll hold you accountable!”
With that, he left without sparing another backward glance.
He was at his patience's limit and urgently needed to question Jack personally about what the latter had done. Lucian drove to the Damaris residence after stepping out of the hospital.
“Mr. Farwell?”
The Damaris family's butler darted out of the house to greet the newcomer as he thought Jack had returned.
However, he was dumbfounded when he saw Lucian getting out of the vehicle.
The Damaris and the Farwell family have never interacted with one another, so what is Mr. Farwell doing here all of a sudden? “Where's Jack?” Poker-faced, Lucian asked the butler.
The butler's heart clenched instantaneously as he had a bad feeling about Lucian’s arrival. He hurriedly said, “Mr. Jack is not here.
Please wait here for a moment. I'll go into the house and inform Old Mr. Damaris that you're here.” After saying that, the butler was about to turn around and head back into the house to consult Hector about that matter. Unexpectedly, Lucian ignored him and strode right in.
“Mr. Farwell, you can't do this!” The butler trailed behind Lucian in nervousness. Still, he didn't dare to reach out and block the latter's way forward. Hence, he could only attempt to stop Lucian by repeatedly persuading him.
Lucian disregarded the butler's words as only the images of Roxanne lying on the hospital bed filled his mind. Jack will have to provide me with on explanation today!
“Mr. Farwell! Mr. Farwell...”
Meanwhile, Hector was watering plants in the back garden. He froze in bafflement when he heard the butler's panicky voice. Mr. Farwell? Is he referring to Lucian Farwell? Why is that brat here? | don't recall the Damaris family having anything to do with the Farwell family. If | must be pedantic, perhaps the two episodes of conflict we had when doing business can count. Nevertheless, the Farwell family bested us on both occasions. | wonder what could've prompted his advent? 
###Chapter 1631
Chapter 1631
Chapter 1631 Tell Me
“Old Mr. Damaris.”
Lucian searched the mansion but failed to locate Jack. Then, he marched toward the back garden.
Lucian greeted Hector distantly when he saw the latter.
Hector placed the watering can on one side and nodded at Lucian.
The butler's eyes were filled with guilt when he followed Lucian into the garden and met with Hector.
Hector waved his hand. “You may leave now. | shall have a chat with Mr. Farwell.”
The butler heaved a sigh of relief after hearing that. He politely retreated into the living room. “I'll prepare some coffee for you.”
Subsequently, Hector and Lucian were left alone inside the back garden. Lucian scanned the surroundings emotionlessly and still didn't see Jack around.
Hector uttered, “Why are you here today, Mr. Farwell?”
Standing before Hector, Lucian slightly relaxed his tense expression as his respect toward Hector persisted. “I wish to meet with Jack. May | know if you can tell me where he is?”
Hector knitted his brows as a curious look flitted across his eyes. Supporting himself with a walking stick, he sat by the small table in the back garden. Then, he gestured at Lucian. “Have a seat before we talk.”
Naturally, Lucian wasn't in the mood to sit down. Unfortunately, he couldn't refuse Hector's invitation, so he walked over and sat beside the latter.
The butler placed two cups of hot coffee on the table for them. “You said you're here to meet with Jack. May | know what's the matter?”
Hector was a worldly man who had lived a spectacular life. Therefore, he could keep his composure despite knowing Lucian wasn't there with friendly intentions.
Forcefully suppressing his burning rage, Lucian replied solemnly, “This is a matter between Mr. Damaris and me. It will be best if you don't interfere, Old Mr. Damaris. You just need to tell me his whereabouts.”
The Damaris family was a century-old and prestigious clan, while Hector was a prominent and esteemed figure in society.
Hence, Lucian decided not to lump Jack's behavior with the Damaris family. He reckoned if Hector were to be informed of his grandson's doings, the old man's health might deteriorate due to anger.
Hector grew more unsettled because of Lucian's reluctance to come clean.
“You can talk to me about what's troubling you. Jack is a member of the Damaris family, so | cannot escape being involved in his matters. Our family upholds a stringent set of teachings. If Jack has done something wrong, | won't let him off easy either.” Hector attempted to persuade Lucian.
As seconds continued to tick by, Lucian lost his patience to wait any longer. He uttered coldly, “In that case, | would like to suggest you demand Mr. Damaris' presence here, and we will chew over this matter before you!”
After seeing that Lucian had compromised, Hector had no choice but to agree. He immediately called for the butler and instructed him to request Jack to come home at once.
The butler immediately executed Hector's order and contacted Jack. Meanwhile, Hector and Lucian continued conversing in the back garden.
“I've asked someone to summon him over. Can you tell me what happened now?" Hector let out a sigh. “I've never had to worry about Jack since he was young. That was why | let him take over Damaris Group. However, lately, it seems like he has lost his way.
Lucian gazed at the old man. “Old Mr. Damaris, since we'll discuss this matter before you later, | shall not keep you in the dark further. Mr. Damaris utilized an unknown trick to render my wife comatose. The hospital staff can't determine what's wrong with her, so | came here to look for him!”
An astonished expression spread across Hector's face after he heard that. He even stopped breathing for a few seconds. “W- What did you say?” 
###Chapter 1632
Chapter 1632
Chapter 1632 She Is Not Your Wife
“Your grandson, Jack, used underhanded means to render my wife unconscious. She has yet to regain her consciousness,” Lucian replied coldly with an expressionless look on his face.
Hector's chest heaved as he began panting heavily all of a sudden. It got so bad that he looked as though he would stop breathing at any moment.
Lucian frowned as he got up to pat Hector on the back before handing him a cup of warm water.
“| didn't want to tell you about this at first, but you insisted on having us discuss this in front of you. | had no other choice.”
It took Hector a few minutes just to stop heaving. His eyes were filled with disbelief as he took the glass of water from Lucian. “Is there some kind of mistake? Jack would never do such a thing! This is impossible...”
“| wouldn't have come here if | wasn't sure that it was him,” Lucian replied.
Hector fell silent once again.
Knowing Lucian, it's true that he wouldn't have shown up like this without being absolutely certain. That means Jock really is the one who did this!
Right when the atmosphere in the back garden was getting incredibly tense, they heard a commotion coming from the mansion's entrance.
The two of them turned around and saw Jack making his way toward them.
“Hi, Grandpa. You wanted to see me?”
After greeting Hector, Jack casually turned toward Lucian and said, “Oh, what a surprise to see you here, Mr. Farwell” “Jack!”
The look in Lucian's eyes turned incredibly gloomy when he saw Jack, and his body exuded an intense murderous aura. “Looks like you're here to see me, Mr. Farwell. How may | help you?”
Those words had barely left Jack's mouth when Lucian stepped forward and grabbed him by the collar.
“Stop playing dumb with me! What have you done to Roxanne, huh? What the f*ck do you want?”
Jack arched an eyebrow in response and shifted his gaze toward Lucian's hands as he asked, “Are you sure you want to take that tone with me, Mr. Farwell?”
As Jack had complete control over Roxanne's life, he didn't feel threatened by Lucian's attitude in the slightest.
He was confident that Lucian wouldn't dare do anything to him. Lucian tightened his grip on Jack's collar as he yelled, “It's funny you say that after what you've done to my wife! You'd better help her regain consciousness right now, or | will make you pay dearly!”
Jack pretended to be terrified for a few seconds before letting out a mocking chuckle.
He then grabbed Lucian's wrist and said, “Oh, please! She's not your wife! | haven't heard of you two getting remarried, so she's just an ex-wife to you at best!”
Jack's face clouded over when he saw that Lucian had no intention of letting go.
“Also, | would be more mindful of my tone if | were you. If you keep threatening me like this, | might get so scared that | end up forgetting how to wake her up. Just so you know, I'm the only person in the world who knows how to do so.”
Lucian's eyes were bloodshot as he glared furiously at the man before him. If looks could kill, he would have torn Jack to shreds in an instant.
If | knew this was going to happen, | would've told Roxanne to stay away from Jack ever since Colby tried to hurt her!
Despite his burning anger, Lucian had no choice but to let go of Jack when he thought about Roxanne, who was still lying unconscious on the hospital bed.
Sure enough, Jack became a lot smugger when Lucian let go of his collar. “See? That wasn't so hard, was it? Still, | am not very satisfied with your attitude, Mr. Farwell. As for Ms. Jarvis—” 
###Chapter 1633
Chapter 1633
Chapter 1633 Powerless
Jack was cut off mid-sentence when Hector hit him with his cane and yelled angrily, “You b*stard!” The look in Jack's eyes was icy-cold when he turned to look at Hector.
“Grandpa, are you siding with an outsider?”
Hector was hoping that he would be right about Jack being innocent. After all, he had watched Jack grow up, so he believed his grandson would never do something so heartless.
Even with everything Lucian told him, Hector was still clinging to the possibility of Jack being innocent. It wasn't until Jack showed up and taunted Lucian that Hector finally believed he was guilty.
Although Jack had carefully worded his sentences to avoid admitting to his crime, his attitude toward Lucian made it incredibly obvious.
Hector was able to read between the lines and felt utterly disappointed in Jack.
To think that my grandson, whom | have worked so hard to nurture from a young age, would do such a horrible thing behind my back...
Hector was so overwhelmed by the sudden realization that he didn't know how to respond. After hearing Jack threaten Lucian, Hector snapped out of it and whacked him with his cane.
“lam on the side of justice! What have you done to Dr. Jarvis? Have you forgotten what | taught you? One should only use medical knowledge to save people, not harm them! How could you do something so horrible? I'm disappointed in you!” he shouted furiously when Jack questioned him.
Jack was extremely displeased as he had finally gotten the upper hand against Lucian, only to have his grandfather beat and lecture him a second later.
"This is between us young people, so you should stay out of this. Anyway, it's really hot out here. I'll have the butler bring you indoors,” Jack replied and summoned the butler.
The atmosphere in the back garden was so intense that it felt like a battlefield, minus the gunfire and explosions.
As the butler had been summoned, he had no choice but to make his way over. He then stared between Jack and Hector anxiously as he was unsure who he should take orders from.
Hector slammed his cane down into the ground and shouted angrily, “Why did you come over? I'm still alive and kicking here! He is not the one in charge of this household!”
The butler shuddered as he nodded and went back into the house. As the tension between Hector and Jack continued to rise, Lucian stepped aside and watched on with an expressionless look on his face.
Old Mr. Damaris did not know about the horrible things Jack had been doing behind his back. Now that he is aware, he is sure to interfere and force Jack to save Roxanne.
“Well? Start talking! What have you done to Dr. Jarvis? Mr. Farwell says she's still unconscious right now! What did you do to her?” Hector shouted in a somewhat hoarse voice.
| can't believe Jack would go as far as messing with Farwell Group! It's true that we are from a prestigious family in the medical field, but that's pretty much all there is to our family. There's no way we could ever stand up to a business empire like Farwell Group! If Farwell Group so much as decides to come after us, there would be nothing we could do about it!
“| think you should go get some rest, Grandpa. A man of your age shouldn't be worrying about these things. It's bad for your health!” Jack replied impatiently.
Hector raised his cane once again when he heard that, but he didn't bring it down on Jack this time. After all, there was no point in hitting Jack when it wouldn't change a thing.
“If you really cared about my well-being, then apologize to Mr. Farwell and wake Dr. Jarvis up!” 
###Chapter 1634
Chapter 1634
Chapter 1634 He Used Essential Oil Jack let out a cold chuckle. “It is Mr. Farwell's actions that will determine whether | wake her up.”
He then shifted his gaze toward Lucian, who was standing to the side, as he asked sarcastically, “Mr. Farwell, did you really think | would give in because you came to my grandpa for help? Asking an old man to help you get what you want? Since when did you become so childish?”
Hector got so mad when he heard those words that he started coughing uncontrollably. “Shut up, Jack! How dare you behave so insolently when you're the one in the wrong?”
“Everything | do is for the Damaris family!” Jack insisted with a straight face.
Realizing that Hector was about to collapse from the coughing, the butler quickly rushed over and helped him into the living room.
Hector was frustrated that he was powerless to do anything about the situation. All he could do was point a finger at Jack and hope that he would repent before it was too late.
Instead of checking on Hector, Jack felt relieved that there was no one left to interfere with his plans.
He shifted his gaze back toward Lucian and said arrogantly, “Now that it's just you and me again, we can finally have a proper conversation.”
Jack sat down beside the table and crossed his legs elegantly.
“You said you would think about it yesterday, Mr. Damaris. Well? Do you have an answer yet? If yes, then go ahead and name your terms!” Lucian snapped with a frown.
Jack frowned in dissatisfaction. “Mr. Farwell, do keep in mind that you're the one in need of my help right now. Is that any way to ask someone for a favor?”
The back garden fell into complete silence after that. Having gained the upper hand, Jack grinned smugly at Lucian as he waited for the latter to respond.
After what seemed like forever, Lucian suppressed his anger and said, “What do you want, Mr. Damaris? | will do anything as long as you wake Roxanne up.”
“See, none of this would've happened if you'd just spoken to me with this humble attitude while | was doing business with Ms. Jarvis.”
Jack let out a cold chuckle as he continued with a sneer, “Unfortunately, it's a little too late for this change in attitude to make a difference now. I'll need some more time to reconsider this.”
Lucian clenched his fists tightly and tried his best to remain calm. “Of course. After all, you hold all the cards now. There is one thing | don't understand, though.”
Jack arched an eyebrow at him. “Oh? What is it?”
“When did you poison Roxanne?” Lucian asked while keeping his gaze fixated on Jack.
Jack let out a disdainful snicker as he replied, “You underestimate me, Mr. Farwell. I'm the heir of the Damaris family. Lowly methods like poisoning are beneath me. What | used is far more sophisticated!”
Lucian gritted his teeth as he waited for Jack to reveal his answer.
“| used essential oil. By slowly increasing the dosage, | was able to get Ms. Jarvis to absorb the required amount over time. That is how | achieved the desired effect,” Jack explained nonchalantly.
Dissatisfied with Lucian's unresponsiveness, Jack added, “I'll be honest with you here. With the exception of that one time you were present, | had the essential oil burning in the background every time | conducted my business with Ms. Jarvis. Unfortunately for her, she didn't notice what it truly was. In fact, she even assumed it was just a habit that my family practiced.”
Recalling Roxanne's naive response from a few days ago, Jack found it so amusing that he burst out laughing on the spot.
That was the last straw for Lucian. He could no longer hold himself back when he saw Jack mocking Roxanne gleefully, especially after what Jack had done to her. 
###Chapter 1635
Chapter 1635
Chapter 1635 Making His Demands
“Honestly, I'm feeling a little bad for deceiving someone as naive as Ms. Jarvis-”
Jack was halfway through his sentence when Lucian ran up to him and punched him hard in the stomach. Jack's face went pale instantly as he groaned in pain and doubled over.
Lucian grabbed him by the shoulder and shouted with a gloomy expression, “Do you even hear yourself? Roxanne trusted you as a fellow medical practitioner! How could you betray her trust like this?”
Lucian felt his blood boil with anger when he recalled Roxanne arguing with him because of Jack.
Jack was wheezing as he tried to stand up straight, but Lucian held him down by the shoulder as he continued, “You don't deserve to be a doctor!”
Jack let out a disdainful chuckle and struggled with all of his might. “I never wanted to be a doctor! Whether or not I'm a good doctor is none of your business! I'm surprised you had the guts to hit me, Mr. Farwell. Are you not worried about Ms. Jarvis anymore?”
Lucian was livid with rage as he let go of Jack's shoulder. Jack was still rubbing his abdomen as he stood up straight, only to have Lucian grab him by the collar a second later. Lucian's grip was so tight that Jack could barely breathe.
“Name your terms right now. | am capable of doing just about anything, so don't play games with me!” Lucian muttered through clenched teeth.
Jack fell silent when he saw the vicious look on Lucian's face.
A few seconds later, he broke into a sinister grin and said coldly, “Go ahead and strangle me to death if you want to! Just keep in mind that no one else in this world can save Roxanne except me!”
Lucian punched him hard in the gut once again. “You wouldn't dare!” Jack groaned in pain but maintained a smile as he said, “Try me, then! | told you; | won't save her until | figure out what | want!"
Through the corner of his eye, he noticed Lucian slowly loosening his grip on him.
After contemplating his options, Lucian shoved him away with a look of disgust in his eyes. Jack was feeling so gleeful that he temporarily forgot about the pain in his abdomen.
| won this battle against Lucian the moment he came to me! With Roxanne's life in my hands, Lucian will be completely at my mercy! | could tell him to get on his knees, and he would have no choice but to do os | say! Of course, such instant gratification wouldn't suffice. Now that | finally have him at my mercy, I'll take my time and toy with him as much as possible!
“You can go ahead and start thinking about what you want right now,” Lucian said coldly.
“Oh, | want way too many things. The drug that Ms. Jarvis is researching after hearing my suggestion should belong to Damaris Group. Also, her research institute has ample room for development,” Jack replied nonchalantly.
With a greedy smile on his face, he met Lucian's gaze and continued, “Farwell Group owns a ton of subsidiaries. I'm sure you'd be willing to give up some of them for Ms. Jarvis' sake, right, Mr. Farwell?” 
###Chapter 1636
Chapter 1636
Chapter 1636 The Consequences Faced By The Damaris Family Jack was getting out of hand. Lucian's gaze turned dark as a wave of fury crashed through him.
However, he struggled to contain the anger that bubbled up within him when he thought of Roxanne. He kept his face expressionless as he stared at Jack.
“| believe you're willing to sacrifice these, Mr. Farwell. I'm not that greedy, so | will only ask for one thing,” Jack revealed slowly.
Lucian lost his patience and urged, “What do you want? | have no authority to determine the distribution of Roxanne's assets, but you can ask for any subsidiaries that belong to Farwell Group!”
Hearing that, Jack furrowed his brows in displeasure. “If that's the case, I'll have to think about it. Mr. Farwell, you should leave now as | don't think it's possible to give you an answer right now. | need to take some time to consider my options. I'll let you know once I've made up my mind.”
“Jack Damaris!” Lucian managed between gritted teeth, fighting back the urge to rip him apart.
The more furious he got, the more pleased Jack became. “Don't worry, Mr. Farwell. I'm the only one who can wake Roxanne. If I'm not willing to wake her up, she'll be a Sleeping Beauty forever.”
He gave a cold laugh before adding, “Perhaps you'll be begging me to wake her up with a kiss eventually!”
Right after he spoke, a punch landed on his cheek. The force of the punch was so strong that it caused his head to jerk violently to the side. His cheek turned red and swollen immediately.
“Pft!” Jack spat out a mouthful of blood and wiped away the blood on the corner of his lips. Slowly, he turned back to look at Lucian coldly. “Mr. Farwell, it seems you are planning on giving up on Roxanne.”
The way he spoke was so matter-of-factly that it was clear Lucian's action had provoked his ire.
Lucian glared at him. “Mind your words! Otherwise, | don't mind killing you now before exhausting Farwell Group's resources to find a way to save Roxanne! I'm certain that Farwell Group will be able to find someone to help her!”
Sensing Lucian's malicious intent, Jack felt a chill go down his spine and gazed at him warily. Jack knew Lucian wasn't just making an empty threat as he was prepared to kill him anytime!
Sensing that, Jack stopped acting all arrogant. However, he attempted to maintain his dignity by responding reluctantly, “I'll give you my answer by tonight. Is that enough, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian nodded. “You'd better remember your promise. If | don't receive a response from you by tonight, | won't spare any efforts in takingyou and Damaris Group down!”
With that, he spun on his heels and strode away. Jack gingerly rubbed his tender and aching cheek, his eyes burning with rage as he watched Lucian walk away.
How dore Lucian talk to me that way when Roxanne's life is in my hands? Also...
Jack cast a dark look at the mansion. He knew he couldn't let Hector stay anymore as the latter had chosen to side with Lucian, an outsider, instead of himself.
Jack ran his tongue across his bleeding gums. As he did so, an unpleasant, metallic taste filled his mouth, causing him to get increasingly frustrated.
Awhile later, he headed into the mansion. Hector took his medicine after the butler helped him into the mansion. It took him a while to regain his composure.
The butler kept comforting him from aside. “Old Mr. Damaris, Mr. Damaris is young and arrogant, so it's normal for him to make a mistake. You can reprimand him, but please don't get overly angry as it can be detrimental to your health.”
He sighed inwardly before adding, “No matter what, Mr. Damaris is part of the Damaris family. You should side with him as he won't do anything disadvantageous to the family.”
Hector slammed the table in fury. “He went against the Farwell family! If he manages to provoke Lucian, what sort of consequences will the Damaris family face in the future?” 
###Chapter 1637
Chapter 1637
Chapter 1637 Recuperate “Grandpa, are you still upset?”
As Jack entered the mansion, he couldn't help but overhear Hector's stern rebuke. His lips involuntarily tugged into a disdainful sneer, but he quickly composed himself before stepping into the living room.
Hearing him, Hector instantly vented his anger at him. “Why are you here? Where is Mr. Farwell?”
Jack answered, “He left through the back door. Why would you want to see him? Is it not enough that you already defended him earlier?”
“You b*stard!”
Jack's words were so sharp that Hector nearly started heaving in anger. Taking a few deep breaths, he tried to rein in his emotions before angrily shouting, “Was | defending him? | was trying to help you! If Lucian were to become irate, how would our family be able to stand up to the Farwell Group? You will be the one to suffer if Damaris Group is driven to its downfall!”
Jack pursed his lips silently as impatience flashed across his eyes. Since Jack was a young boy, he had always been subjected to harsh reprimands by Hector and had since grown weary of it. / can't believe he is still the same! What a stubborn old fool.
“What exactly did you do to Dr. Jarvis? She's Mr. Farwell's girlfriend, so we cannot afford to offend her. Besides, she's an excellent doctor. How could you harm her?” Hector demanded angrily.
He slammed his fist down on the table and firmly ordered, “I don't care what it takes. You are to wake Dr. Jarvis this instant, or you will be dismissed from your position as the leader of Damaris Group!”
It was a critical situation, so Hector decided to protect Damaris Group since Jack refused to listen to him. Jack snorted icily after he heard that Hector wanted him out of Damaris Group.
“You're an old fool, aren't you? | can't believe you're still siding with them!”
Hector's expression grew stern as he realized Jack was no longer the grandson he knew.
How dare he call me an old fool?
Jack walked to Hector slowly and said icily, “Have you ever considered the potential of having Dr. Jarvis as part of our team? With her expertise and skill, Damaris Group would be able to reach heights we never thought possible. By working together, we could create a formidable medical empire that would be respected and feared by even Farwell Group, let alone many other competitors in the industry.”
He made no effort to conceal his desire to achieve success.
Shock crossed Hector's face. “Y-You...”
When did my grandson become someone this ambitious?
“What? I'm doing this for Damaris Group's sake! You might not mind seeing the company coming to an end, but | refuse to
accept that its journey ends here! | must expand Damaris Group. This is the perfect opportunity to do so. Even if | can't persuade Roxanne to join us, | must at least be able to acquire something from Farwell Group!”
There was a crazed look in Jack's eyes.
“You must be nuts!” Hector was panting heavily as he clutched his chest. His face was contorted in a mixture of agony and anger.
Calmly, Jack retrieved two pills and fed them to Hector. “I'm not nuts. As long as | seize this opportunity, Damaris Group will be on the path to growth and success in no time!”
Left with no choice, Hector demanded, “Gather the shareholders of Damaris Group to discuss the matter. It's too important for you to make the decision alone!”
“No need forthat” Jack told him before turning to the door. “Come on in!” Confused, Hector turned to the door and saw two bodyguards clad in suits striding into the mansion.
“Old Mr. Damaris isn't feeling well. Bring him back to Bellridge so he can recuperate there,” Jack instructed calmly. 
###Chapter 1638
Chapter 1638
Chapter 1638 Exchange For The Antidote
After leaving the Damaris residence, Lucian headed back to the hospital.
Given her condition, he felt uneasy even though he had only left for a few hours.
| wonder if the information | pried from Jack is able to help the specialists wake Roxanne up!
He sped all the way and arrived at the entrance of the hospital twenty minutes later.
Lucian stepped out of the car and strode into the hospital, heading to the top floor.
Despite racking their brains, the director and the specialists couldn't figure out what was going on with Roxanne. “Mr. Farwell!”
Hearing the footsteps, everyone turned to look at the door.
They then froze when they realized it was Lucian.
Mr. Farwell is back, but we haven't figured out a way to save Dr. Jarvis yet. Everyone wilted when they recalled his dark expression. Ignoring their greeting, Lucian entered the ward to check on Roxanne.
Zayne, the director, quickly went into the ward after him. “Mr. Farwell, nothing happened to Mrs. Farwell when you weren't here. Don't worry!”
Indeed, Roxanne seemed to be in the same state as when he left.
Lucian couldn't bear to look at her anymore and turned to Zayne. “I need to talk to the specialists now.” Zayne quickly assented.
After they walked out of the ward, Zayne glanced at the rest and said, “Mr. Farwell, the specialists are here.” Lucian nodded and proceeded to tell them how Jack harmed Roxanne.
“From what I discovered, Roxanne wasn't poisoned. Rather, it's the prolonged exposure to a certain kind of essential oil that led to the symptoms she's experiencing,” he explained.
Glancing at the rest, he asked, “Everyone, do you have any idea how to treat her now?” Hearing his words, the specialists started chattering among themselves.
Knowing what caused Roxanne's condition would help them to figure out a treatment for her. Roxanne was Lucian's wife.
If they could figure out a way to treat her, the Farwell family would owe them a favor.
That way, they wouldn't need to worry about financing their projects in the future!
Despite the sheer amount of specialists present, none of them were able to treat Roxanne. Obviously, Roxanne's condition was pretty complicated.
If any of them were able to successfully treat her, they would become widely renowned for their achievement. Ultimately, this would be nothing but beneficial for them. After mulling it over for a while, they swiftly made up their minds.
“| have a question.” One doctor took the initiative to ask, “Given that it is related to smell, it appears that whoever administered the poison to Mrs. Farwell must have been in close proximity to her. Did anything happen to that person?”
Aslight frown marred Lucian's countenance as he replied in displeasure, “He's perfectly fine.”
As he seemed to be upset to hear that question, the doctor grew nervous. “That means the perpetrator must've taken the antidote in advance to resist the poison.”
Antidote? Lucian's eyes narrowed icily at that possibility.
No wonder Jack is certain that he is the only one who can save Roxanne. It turns out he has prepared the antidote and is now ready to exchange it with us. 
###Chapter 1639
Chapter 1639
Chapter 1639 | Will Not Show Mercy
“Since Mrs. Farwell was poisoned through inhalation, she might've inhaled some sort of medicinal herb,” another doctor suggested. “What kind of medicinal herb can it be?”
If they were able to identify the type of medicinal herb, it would be much simpler for them to formulate an effective antidote. Everyone started brainstorming and discussing the possibilities. The room quickly filled with loud chatter and the buzz of conversation.
Lucian initially waited for them to come to a conclusion patiently, but almost thirty minutes later, they were still deep in discussion.
Frustrated, he got up and entered the ward. The ward was eerily silent as Roxanne lay in a coma.
Lucian walked over to the bed and leaned down to look intently at her.
“Don't be scared, Roxanne. I'm figuring out a way to save you, and you'll be able to regain consciousness soon.” With that, he gave her a comforting kiss on her lips as though she could really hear him.
The kiss ended as abruptly as it started. Lucian then stroked her long silky hair and muttered to himself, “When you wake up, you will accept my proposal, and we will have a grand wedding to announce to the world that you are mine.”
After this incident, he wanted nothing more than to make Roxanne his wife officially. Lucian lowered his gaze to conceal the agony in his eyes. The hand he placed on Roxanne's hair was trembling slightly.
“It was my fault. | should've known Jack was a hypocrite and asked you to stay away from him instead of helping you to negotiate with him again and again. If that were the case, you wouldn't have ended up in this state...”
Lucian recalled how they fought several times over Jack and went cold with fury. If it wasn't for Jack, we would've been together by now!
Lucian softly whispered into her ear, “He hurt you, so | will never forgive him. Even when you wake up and plead for his mercy, | won't show him any compassion. Don't judge me for taking this action.”
Alas, the woman on the bed didn't react in the slightest.
Even though Lucian had openly declared his affection for her and had threatened to exact harsh revenge upon Jack, Roxanne remained still and silent in her bed.
If her face wasn't deathly pale, others would've assumed she was simply sound asleep.
Lucian felt compelled to admonish her for being too naive and trusting, first with Colby and now with Jack.
However, he couldn't bring himself to blame her as she was already unconscious. In the end, he placed the blame on himself. When he was recounting his mistakes to Roxanne, the phone on the table suddenly rang.
Lucian stopped talking and stood up to see who it was.
It was a call from Madilyn.
He remembered Madilyn was a good friend of Roxanne. In fact, she was Archie and Benny's godmother.
Most importantly, she was a capable doctor.
Lucian only hesitated for a few moments before he answered the call.
“Roxanne, what took you so long?” Madilyn grumbled once the call connected. “I finally got a day off. Let's bring Archie and Benny out to have some fun!”
Lucian glanced at Roxanne before responding, “It's me.”
Madilyn was taken aback to hear his voice. She quickly recalled their relationship and teased, “Mr. Farwell, are you with Roxanne? Where is she? Do you want to join us to have some fun together?” 
###Chapter 1640
Chapter 1640
Chapter 1640 | Will Be Here
Madilyn began calculating in her mind. If she asked Lucian to go with them, then she would not have to spend any money on this outing.
However, her happiness was short-lived. “Roxanne passed out and is still unconscious. She's at the hospital now.”
When Madilyn heard that, her expression froze. “What on earth happened to her? Which hospital are you in? I'm coming over right now!” she asked in disbelief.
Lucian promptly gave her the address.
Half an hour later, Madilyn rushed in in a frenzy, her eyes reddened with emotion.
When she saw Roxanne lying motionless on the hospital bed, she could not stop her tears from falling. “What happened? How did she end up like this? Is this how you take care of her?”
Madilyn took one look at her best friend and immediately began to bombard Lucian with questions.
“It's my fault,” said Lucian solemnly.
“Roxanne...” Madilyn was not in the mood to listen to Lucian. After hurling more words of resentment at Lucian, she clutched Roxanne's hand and murmured, “Can you hear what I'm saying? Won't you wake up? If you keep this up, the children will be very worried...”
No matter how much Madilyn begged and pleaded, Roxanne did not respond in the slightest.
Finally, Madilyn realized her efforts were futile. She raised a hand to wipe away her tears before looking at Lucian once more. “What's her prognosis? Did you get a doctor to look at her? What did the doctor say?”
Lucian stared into the distance and frowned slightly. “I've sent for traditional medicine practitioners and regular doctors, but they've yet to arrive at a conclusion. That's why | wanted you to examine her and see if you can find any clues.”
When Madilyn heard this, her eyes reddened again.
The Farwell family has sought out doctors, and I'm assuming they're the world's best experts in this field. Even they can't figure things out? What on earth happened to Roxanne?
Madilyn held back her tears and forced herself to maintain her composure. Immediately after, she began to ask Lucian about Roxanne's condition.
“How long has she been out for?” “She passed out when | went to pick her up from work yesterday,” said Lucian. This made Madilyn agitated once more. “Then why didn't you inform me sooner? Do the kids know?”
Faced with Madilyn's questioning, Lucian could not offer any other explanations. All he could say was, “I merely told the kids that Roxanne was away on a business trip.”
Madilyn let out a sigh of relief. “That's also fine. The kids are so young, after all. We shouldn't frighten them.” Having said that, Madilyn returned to the topic. “Apart from this, is there any other information you can provide me with?”
Lucian then recounted the story of Roxanne's drugging once more.
Upon realizing that Roxanne was drugged via inhalation, Madilyn looked at her best friend, who was lying on the hospital bed. Her eyes were filled with pain.
“What a vicious method that person used! | doubt anyone would've anticipated being drugged like this...” said Madilyn. Roxanne was very trusting of others.
Even if she woke up and found out that she had been drugged by someone else without realizing it, there was no telling if she would have leamed a lesson.
Madilyn retracted her gaze from Roxanne and proceeded to question Lucian. “What about the doctors you hired? Do they really have no clues at all?”
At the very mention of those idiots, a hint of displeasure flashed across Lucian's eyes. “There's no conclusion yet. | can call them in and ask them to tell you what they're thinking of right now.”
Madilyn nodded. “Okay. I'll go talk to them myself. Don't worry. Roxanne's problems are my problems too. I'll do my best and try to find a way to cure her!”
“Thank you,” said Lucian.
Madilyn seemed to be a little unhappy at this. “Roxanne and | have never been this courteous with each other before. Why don't you try to figure things out too? I'll be here keeping watch.”
Lucian hummed in response and turned to leave. 
###Chapter 1641
Chapter 1641
Chapter 1641 Enlist His Aid He hurried over to the research institute.
After the researchers examined Roxanne, they promptly went back to the research institute and continued their work there under Linda's leadership.
Now that he had a lead on Roxanne's condition, Lucian naturally wanted to go and check on the researchers. When he arrived at the research institute, a group of researchers was conducting experiments.
Only Linda remained seated in the office. Every now and then, she would look in the direction of Roxanne's workstation with eyes filled with worry.
| wonder how Dr. Jarvis is doing?
Just as Linda was worried, she heard some movements at the door.
She immediately returned to her senses and turned around to look at who had just entered. All she saw was Lucian standing at the entryway and frowning hard.
When Lucian noticed that Linda had looked over, he said, “Gather the group of people from this morning. | have something to say.”
Linda quickly realized that it had to do with Roxanne, so she immediately set off to gather everyone there.
“| have a question for everyone here. Is there a medicinal herb that is only potent when burnt? All that person has to do is inhale enough of the residue, and when a certain dosage is reached, they will pass out,” Lucian asked everyone present with a grave expression on his face.
Most of the doctors at the hospital were experts in modern medicine and were likely not as exposed to herbal remedies.
On the contrary, the researchers at the research institute had to deal with such herbs all day long.
The likelihood of them narrowing down the list of herbs was far greater than modern medical practitioners.
Upon hearing what Lucian said, everyone was taken aback.
“Do you mean that Dr. Jarvis inhaled smoke or something from these herbs? Is that how she ended up like this?” asked someone cautiously.
Lucian nodded. Everyone was shocked when they got the news. Soon, the room was abuzz with wild guesses. In the end, they narrowed it down to four or five possibilities.
However, they still needed a more detailed examination of Roxanne to pinpoint the exact herb. They needed to draw some blood and test it to identify which components were present in her bloodwork.
Unfortunately, when everyone looked at Lucian standing so fiercely before them, nobody dared to say anything. “What's the matter?” asked Lucian coldly. He could sense their discomfort. Everyone present suddenly became anxious.
Finally, someone stood apart from the group and said, “Well... We need some blood from Dr. Jarvis for testing. | wonder if that's okay with you, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian frowned slightly. Everyone was startled and quickly lowered their heads.
After a while, they heard Lucian reply in a deep voice, “As long as you can find a cure, that is permissible. How much do you need? I'll have the hospital draw Roxanne's blood and send it over here.”
Research institutes had more research equipment than hospitals, after all.
The researchers then responded with how much they needed.
Lucian went back to his office, made a call to Madilyn, and explained the situation.
The researchers made their way back to the conference room to continue determining the most likely herb.
Seemingly having thought of something, Linda made her way to Lucian's office.
Lucian had just gotten off the phone when he heard a knock outside his door.
Linda stood by the doorway and said respectfully, “Mr. Farwell, | have an idea of how we can deal with Dr. Jarvis' condition.” Lucian frowned. “Go on.”
“As far as I'm aware, Dr. Galloway's research on herbs is the best we have in our research institute. Maybe we can enlist his aid in finding a cure for Dr. Jarvis?”
When Colby was abroad, she had seen Harvey praise Colby's contributions to herbal medicine research numerous times.
Having said that, Linda could feel her heart pounding in her chest when Lucian stayed silent for the longest time. 
###Chapter 1642
Chapter 1642
Chapter 1642 A Lesson
“That was a mere suggestion on my part,” said Linda hurriedly. “We also have other esteemed doctors in the research institute. | believe they will find a solution to this problem.”
Linda had been abroad then, but when she returned to the research institute, she had heard all the gossip about the things Colby had done to Roxanne.
The last time Roxanne was rendered unconscious, it was Colby's fault.
| don't think Mr. Farwell is going to trust this guy. How on earth could | have made that suggestion, of all things?
Linda nearly burst into tears over her own stupidity.
Just as her mind was racing over how to remedy the situation, she heard Lucian's solemn reply. “I understand.”
Linda was stunned.
He understands? What does he understand?
“Is there anything else?” asked Lucian coldly.
Linda quickly shook her head. “No. Please be at ease. I'm certain that plenty of other doctors are capable of doing what Dr. Galloway does. I'll liaise with experts from abroad and ask them to come up with something. Dr. Jarvis studied under Dr.
Lambert, so we have a network to reach out to. I'm sure they will help!”
Lucian nodded in response. “I'll leave this to you, then. If they're able to help, | will be sure to reward you for your efforts when Roxanne recovers.”
“This is what | should do,” said Linda firmly.
After all, she had been working together with Roxanne since Roxanne went abroad.
To Linda, Roxanne was more than a leader. She saw Roxanne as a friend.
It was therefore fitting that she put some effort into Roxanne's care now that she was ill.
Lucian understood where Linda was coming from and thanked her again. “Regardless of what happens, | should thank you. If there's nothing else, I'll leave you to your work. | have other matters to attend to.”
With that, Lucian turned on his heel and left.
After leaving the research institute, he sat in the car and began tapping the steering wheel lightly with his fingers. His eyes were filled with hesitation.
Colby Galloway... According to Linda, if this man can truly distinguish the properties of medicinal herbs and can find a way to cure Roxanne, then maybe | should pay him a visit after all.
However, Colby had nearly caused Roxanne's death the last time.
When Lucian thought of this, his gaze quickly turned hostile. | don't know if | can hold back from tearing him to shreds with my bare hands if | see him again.
Lucian began to struggle with his hesitation and doubt.
After a certain amount of time, he finally managed to make up his mind. He slowly started the car and drove toward the prison on the outskirts of the city.
The most important thing now is for Roxanne to be cured. Even if it's only a small chance, | have to try!
The last time Roxanne went into a coma, she had been poisoned. Colby was sentenced to a year and a half in prison and was currently serving his sentence now.
Lucian called a friend on the way and asked them to arrange a meeting as soon as possible. When he arrived at the entrance to the prison, there were already people waiting to receive him. “Mr. Farwell, we've brought out Mr. Galloway. He's waiting for you in the meeting room.”
The prison warden seemed to be very respectful.
Lucian gave the man a slight nod. “I appreciate it.”
The pair stopped at the entrance of the meeting room.
Lucian glanced through the window. He could clearly see Colby sitting inside with his hair shaved down to an inch or so. Colby looked haggard as he sat in there listlessly.
Behind him was a prison warden standing not far from him.
| daresay that a few months in prison has definitely taught him a lesson.
After observing the situation in the room, Lucian strode in.
In the meeting room, Colby could feel nothing but suspicion in his heart.
He did not have friends or family.
Having been imprisoned for so long, no one had ever visited him.
Yet, he was suddenly ordered to meet someone without knowing what the meeting was for. Roxanne's face flashed in the recesses of his mind.
He vehemently shut his eyes and opened them again. This time, the only thing he felt was self-loathing. 
###Chapter 1643
Chapter 1643
Chapter 1643 Hypocrite
“It's been a while, Dr. Galloway.”
Lucian came in from the door, looking down at him from above.
Colby's expression changed suddenly. He looked at the door grimly when Lucian walked in.
“Lucian Farwell!” Colby glared at Lucian. “Why are you here? Did you come here to gloat? Don't think that just because Dr. Jarvis doesn't like me that she will be together with you! Deep down, you're nothing but trash to her!”
Colby had stopped having any access to information the day he went to prison. Back then, Roxanne was still in conflict with Lucian. Colby merely thought that Roxanne held a grudge because of what happened six years ago.
Displeasure flashed in Lucian's eyes, but he quickly suppressed it. He walked in slowly and pulled out a chair in front of Colby before taking a seat.
Colby's hands and feet were in cuffs. He was trapped behind the table, unable to move.
All he could do was glare daggers at Lucian from where he sat. “If not for you, | wouldn't have ended up here! Yet, you still have the audacity to show up before me?”
Lucian frowned slightly, quite upset at what Colby said. However, he thought of the purpose behind his visit and chose to keep his anger in check.
“Dr. Galloway, there's no need for you to be so angry. I'm not here to laugh at you, nor am | here to pick a fight.” Lucian fixed his gaze pointedly at the man in front of him, trying to gauge the latter's trustworthiness.
Colby met Lucian's gaze and gradually furrowed his brows. His heart was filled with doubt.
Apart from that prior incident, Colby could not think of anything that could link him to Lucian.
After a long time, Lucian finally spoke once more. “Something happened to Roxanne.”
Those words hit Colby like a bolt of lightning.
“What did you say?” His eyes were full of disbelief, and his face was contorted. “Was it you? You couldn't have her, and then you...”
Even though he had committed an atrocity toward Roxanne, it was merely an accident. In fact, he never intended for it to happen.
Besides, he would never allow anyone to hurt Roxanne.
When Lucian saw Colby's reaction, he decided to let his guard down a little. “If it were me, | wouldn't be here right now,” said Lucian solemnly.
Colby went quiet for a while, contemplating the situation.
Very quickly, he arrived at a conclusion. “Was it Jack?”
Apart from Jack, Colby could think of nobody else.
He deduced that Jack must have used traditional medicine on Roxanne.
Otherwise, why else would Lucian even think of coming to see him?
“| said this ages ago. He's not a good person, and you should keep Dr. Jarvis away from him! That man is a hypocrite! | could smell him from a mile away! His intentions toward Dr. Jarvis are far from innocent!” exclaimed Colby in a rage. “What did he do to Dr. Jarvis?”
Colby's obvious concern for Roxanne made Lucian feel very displeased. He was unhappy that this came from another man. However, the thought of Roxanne lying helplessly on the hospital bed forced Lucian to suppress his anger.
The irony was that Lucian did consider himself quite lucky.
Since Colby reacted so strongly, it shows that he still cares about Roxanne. That also means he'll do his best to treat her!
At the thought of this, Lucian recounted the story of Roxanne's drugging to Colby.
“Jack drugged her by burning a herb and letting her inhale it. The drug took effect last evening, and Roxanne has been unconscious ever since.” 
###Chapter 1644
Chapter 1644
Chapter 1644 Obliged To Do
At the mention of Roxanne's condition, the hostility that radiated off Colby gradually subsided.
“The experts I've hired are speculating that Jack used a specific herb, but they cannot determine exactly which medicinal herb it is,” said Lucian.
Colby noticed one minor detail. “Did you ask Jack?”
How else could Lucian have known so much about the nature of the drug?
Lucian nodded.
“| think Jack won't give in and save Dr. Jarvis so easily!” scoffed Colby. “He must've come up with a demand so unreasonable that you're not willing to follow through, even for her sake. That's why you thought of me.” Having said this, Colby leaned back in his chair. “If your love for Dr. Jarvis only extends that far, then | have no reason to help you. Surely you're aware that we are
rivals competing for her affection, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian furrowed his brows as he said, “If he had made demands, | would have complied with them. However, Jack is deliberately stalling for time with me. | can't wait any longer!”
What Lucian meant was that Jack had never made any demands in the first place. All he was doing was toying with Lucian using Roxanne's life as bait.
Colby raised a brow and finally sat up straight again. “That's because he's a blasted hypocrite. Of course, we can't count on him!” After speaking, Colby narrowed his eyes and fell into deep thought.
“Since the drug was administered through breathing, then how did Jack leave the room unscathed when he was in the same place as Dr. Jarvis? He must've ingested an antidote prior to the meeting. I'm guessing that the antidote is only effective for a limited time. Otherwise, Jack would've been affected by the drug as well after prolonged exposure to it.”
This conjecture was consistent with what the researchers and experts had raised, but somehow, Colby was more observant.
It was only then that Lucian finally believed why Linda said that Colby had an extra edge when it came to such matters.
Colby was quickly immersed in his own thoughts. He mumbled the names of a few medicinal herbs and tried to determine if they were possible antidotes. In seconds, he could visualize if they were correct or not.
Lucian, on the other hand, had no experience in this field. All he could do was wait for an outcome with bated breath.
After a while, Colby's expression turned unsightly as he said, “There are hundreds of medicinal herbs with varying properties. If you're not careful, you can accidentally choose herbs that are in a state of flux, constantly enhancing and inhibiting the other. | need to be very cautious. For the time being, I'm unable to be certain.”
Lucian's expression grew even more grim.
“But since Jack likely has something he wants in exchange, | don't think the efficacy of the drug is virulent. For now, Dr. Jarvis will be fine. Give me two days. In two days' time, come and see me again,” Colby added.
Since Colby had a certain understanding of Jack and knowledge of medicinal herbs, he was still confident that a solution could be found.
Two days?
Lucian was not sure if he could wait that long.
However, all he could do was agree since there was no other way.
“| understand. Thank you, Dr. Galloway,” said Lucian.
Colby nodded, but there was something on his mind.
Just as Lucian was about to turn and leave, he stopped him in his tracks. “Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian stopped and turned to face Colby. “Is there anything else, Dr. Galloway?”
Colby gave him the once over, and his gaze rested firmly on Lucian's face.
He thought about how excessive his actions had been toward Roxanne and how furious Lucian had been at the time.
If anything, Colby assumed Lucian would have hated him to the core.
Regarding his willingness to help, Lucian could have easily framed it as something he was obliged to do.
However, he never imagined Lucian to be so courteous.
This came as a surprise to him. 
###Chapter 1645
Chapter 1645
Chapter 1645 What On Earth Is This About
After scrutinizing Lucian for a while to ensure he wasn't faking gratitude, Colby felt a stir of emotions.
“What's your relationship with Dr. Jarvis now?” he blurted out.
Upon hearing that, Lucian suddenly recalled how Colby had mocked him when he first showed up.
Gosh. | was so worried about Roxanne that | completely forgot his words. | doubt | would've remembered them if he hadn't asked that question.
“She and | are together, just like you've guessed,” Lucian answered truthfully, his brows furrowed ever so slightly. “I've already proposed to her, and we'll hold the wedding once she's woken up!”
Technically, Roxanne hasn't agreed to my proposal, and it's also highly probable that she might turn me down... Nevertheless, I'll do everything | can to make her say yes! | don't want to experience the torment of losing her again!
Aglimmer of surprise instantly flashed across Colby's eyes.
However, when he thought back to Lucian's earlier attitude, a mix of relief and bitterness washed over him. “Of course. Of the three of us, you've always had the best chance of winning her heart.”
After all, neither Jack nor | could love Roxanne without any agenda. Lucian's different from us, though. He already has ample power and wealth, so his love for Roxanne is undeniably pure and free of ulterior motives.
Feeling somewhat perplexed by Colby's sudden change in demeanor, Lucian stood rooted to the spot and stared silently. Seconds later, Colby lowered his gaze in defeat. “I can feel that Dr. Jarvis has always cared a lot about you, except she's never wanted to admit her feelings. I, on the other hand, had also chosen to lie to myself. In all honesty, you're the only one she's ever loved. Whether it's six years ago or now, her love for you has never changed.”
Lucian was overjoyed, but it wasn't long before he narrowed his eyes, seemingly having thought of something.
Wait a minute... Six years ago? If it's true that Roxanne hasn't stopped loving me, then what's the deal with Archie and Benny?
“Even though Dr. Jarvis kept lying to herself, those two kids have always been on your side,” Colby added with a bitter chuckle. “The bond of the blood sure is astonishing. The two boys had never met you before, yet they were still naturally drawn to you.”
As it turned out, Roxanne was already pregnant when she and Colby first met at Harvey's research institute.
He was very clear about Archie and Benny's family background, so when he returned home and saw how well the boys were getting along with Lucian, he couldn't help but feel a sense of crisis.
Lucian's frown deepened as he grew increasingly shocked. “What did you say? What's this about the bond of the blood?”
This time around, it was Colby's turn to be surprised. “Huh? Don't you know?”
Lucian shook his head while images of Archie's and Benny's faces continuously popped into his mind.
Are those two boys really Roxanne's and mine? Why hasn't she ever said a word about it? Then again, if they aren't my kids, why do | always feel so close and comfortable around them? | used to think it was only because the boys were highly likable, but looking back at it, | don't remember ever losing my temper when they and Roxanne shunned me. It's almost as if | treat them the way | treat Essie. They're all equally important to me...
The more Lucian tried to piece everything together, the more suspicions he had about Archie and Benny.
More importantly, they claimed that their father has never appeared, and Roxanne forbids them from bringing the topic up too...
With that, Lucian recomposed himself and shot a stern look at Colby. “Tell me. What on earth is this about?” 
###Chapter 1646
Chapter 1646
Chapter 1646 They Are Your Children
“Oh, come on. Did you honestly think Dr. Jarvis had Archie and Benny with another man?” Colby said, clearly amused by Lucian's reaction.
Of course, Colby had hit the nail on the head, and the latter's face instantly darkened.
The next second, Colby frowned and glanced at the man. “I'm suddenly regretting my decision... How did Dr. Jarvis agree to be with you when you still refuse to believe in her?”
After six long years, | know better than anyone else how Roxanne rejects other men. | can even confidently say that she wouldn't bother interacting with us if it weren't for our work in the medical field. However, Lucian is still under the impression that she bore
children with another man! What a joke!
Even though Colby hadn't said anything, the silence was enough of a statement.
By then, Lucian's expression had gotten even gloomier.
For some reason, he could begin to see the facial similarities between him and the boys, but then again, could that merely be the power of suggestion?
Thankfully, Colby decided to face reality and tell Lucian the truth. “Those two boys are your children with Dr. Jarvis. Why else do you think they're so close to you? However, judging by your reaction, | suppose she hasn't broken the news to you. As for why she hasn't done so, | assume she still doesn't trust you enough. It's just like how you don't fully trust her...”
With that, Colby let out a derisive snort. “Ha! You aren't all that impressive after all, Mr. Farwell!”
The veins in Lucian's forehead bulged as he remained in shock. “Do you have evidence that Archie and Benny are my sons?”
| remember Roxanne mentioning that Archie and Benny are a year younger than Essie! Wait... Has she been lying to me since then?
“I've been working with Dr. Jarvis since the first year she went abroad. When it comes to the timing of her pregnancy or the men she had had contact with, I'm the one who knows best! There's no doubt that you're the boys' father!” Colby snapped.
Those words hit Lucian like a bolt of lightning, and for a moment, he was stupefied.
Archie and Benny are mine, huh? My goodness. Should | feel happy or sad? I'm overjoyed that Roxanne has never hooked up with other men and that the two boys are my sons. At the same time, | can't believe she's been hiding such a massive secret from me! Am | that unreliable to her? Why else would she want to hide the boys’ parentage from me? | can understand if she hid it from me when we weren't together, but our relationship has progressed so much. Why didn't she tell me the truth?
Unfortunately, Colby took Lucian's silence as a sign that the latter still had doubts. He said coldly, “If you don't believe me, you can always do a paternity test, Mr. Farwell. In any case, | don't have a reason to lie to you. What good would | get out of it? |
can't believe you're so paranoid... No wonder Dr. Jarvis doesn't want to tell you the truth!”
Upon hearing that, Lucian finally snapped out of his daze and tucked his complicated ball of emotions away. His voice, however, still gave away how anxious he was.
“Thank you for your concern, Dr. Galloway, but | think I'll confirm it with Roxanne. For now, it'd be best for everyone if you concentrated on her illness instead. After all, none of us knows how much longer she can wait.”
Colby's gaze flickered as he was reminded of Roxanne's condition. Having lost his mood to fight, he lowered his head and fell silent.
With that, Lucian shot him an unfathomable look and strode off. 
###Chapter 1647
Chapter 1647
Chapter 1647 Someone | Cannot Have
After leaving the prison, Lucian returned to his car with a heavy heart.
Roxanne's condition had already left him feeling suffocated, and his conversation with Colby didn't help either.
In fact, he was even more dumbfounded than ever.
Now that I think of it, Roxanne probably distanced herself from me on several occasions because | was getting too close to the boys. Was she afraid that I'd find out about their background? Or was she worried I'd marry Aubree and fight for custody of the kids? Argh! What is it exactly...
Lucian's mind was a tangled mess, and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't figure out why Roxanne did what she did.
Eventually, he had no choice but to set the matter aside.
If | want to know her reasons, | can always ask her when she's awake. The top priority now is to get her out of the coma!
Back at Damaris Group, Jack returned to his office after getting someone to send Hector away.
Surprisingly, Lucian's hardball tactics from that afternoon had worked their magic.
Even though Jack's expression remained impassive, he quickly instructed his assistant, Kevin, to prepare a list of Farwell Group's subsidiaries.
Come to think of it, Farwell Group's subsidiaries do have more room for development than the research institute and pharmaceuticals. Why shouldn't | consider Lucian's offer when the main thing I'm after is money?
As it turned out, Farwell Group had almost a hundred subsidiaries, but Kevin did an excellent job sorting them out and listing all the details.
With that, Jack began reading through and making a careful selection.
After three long hours, he finally settled on the most promising companies and turned to Kevin, looking very proud of himself. “Take a look. What do you think of these ten companies?”
Kevin couldn't help but wonder if he had misheard the number, but upon going through the document, he was shocked to see that his boss wasn't lying about the ten companies.
Oh my! B-But... These are ten of the most profitable subsidiaries of Farwell Group! Any one of them will be enough to support Damaris Group's expenses, yet Mr. Damaris is asking for ten!
By then, Kevin could feel his hands shaking. “M-Mr. Damaris, isn't this a little too much? Mr. Farwell is no pushover. There's no way he'd agree to such an unreasonable demand.”
For all we know, this might even piss Mr. Farwell off. When that happens, Damaris Group will be doomed...
Jack instantly shot his assistant a glare. “How short-sighted! You're still young, for goodness’ sake. Why do you have the same view as that old geezer?”
After hearing how rudely Jack referred to Hector, Kevin lowered his head in fear, not daring to answer.
“If we want to expand Damaris Group, we'd need large sums of capital. Since Roxanne's life is now in my hands, Lucian will pay any amount of money for me to save her! I'm only asking for ten companies. Is that such a big deal to the powerful Farwell Group?” Jack bellowed, his eyes burning with desire.
That assurance, however, did little to allay Kevin's fears.
So... Mr. Damaris wants to play mind games with Mr. Farwell. Then again, Mr. Farwell is not one to be underestimated. After all, he single-handedly developed Farwell Group to its current state. Can Mr. Damaris really beat him?
“Other than these ten companies, Roxanne's research institute and all the new medicines developed by it will also be mine!” Jack exclaimed. “As for Roxanne...”
Kevin's heart skipped a beat.
“If | can't have her, why should anyone else be able to?” Jack continued, his face cold and unfeeling. “I want them to know the consequences of going against me!”
There was no knowing what was on Jack's mind. Nevertheless, his spine-chilling smile frightened Kevin so much that the latter looked away in fear. 
###Chapter 1648
Chapter 1648
Chapter 1648 | Can Give Them Away
Seconds later, Jack's gaze darkened as he turned to his assistant. “Call Lucian and arrange a meeting with him tonight!”
Kevin nodded without hesitation, grateful that he could finally leave the scary atmosphere in the office to make the call.
However, just as Kevin was about to take his leave, Jack's voice boomed out. “Stop right there! You can make the call here!”
| want to hear Lucian giving in to my demands!
With his head still hung low, Kevin shuddered and hastily fished out his phone to call Lucian.
Fortunately, the call got through after just a few rings.
“Hello, Mr. Farwell. I'm Mr. Damaris' assistant,” Kevin greeted.
On the other end, an inscrutable Lucian stopped the car by the road and held the phone to his ear. “Has Jack Damaris made a decision?”
Kevin had put his phone on speaker so Jack could hear the conversation clearly in the silent office.
Alas, the latter's expression turned grim when he heard Lucian addressing him by his full name.
Kevin tensed up at the sight of his boss' reaction and knew he'd have to proceed with caution. “Mr. Damaris would like to meet up with you tonight. I'll text you the time and location in a bit. Is that okay?”
“Sure,” Lucian replied without hesitation.
Hmm. | thought Jack would try to stall this as much as possible, but now that he wishes to hold the discussion, I'm more than happy to abide! Furthermore, I'm also curious why he has dragged this out for so long. What does he want exactly?
Kevin ended the call at Jack's instruction and quickly booked a hotel's private dining room for the meeting. With that, he texted the details to Lucian as promised.
Instead of replying to the text, Lucian started his engine and drove straight to the hotel.
At nine o'clock that night, the two men appeared at the hotel entrance almost simultaneously.
“You sure are punctual, Mr. Farwell!” Jack said smilingly and almost with a hint of flattery.
Lucian, on the contrary, maintained his icy-cold expression and strode into the hotel without a word.
Jack glowered at the man's retreating figure, but within seconds, a smile was back on his face.
“You won't be this smug much longer, Lucian Farwell!” Jack muttered to himself before entering the hotel.
By the time he walked up the stairs, Lucian had already made himself comfortable in the room.
Grinning, Jack sat opposite him and instructed Kevin to have the hotel staff serve the food.
“No, thanks. I'm not here to have dinner with you,” Lucian said impassively. “Go on and tell me what you want, Mr. Damaris.”
In response, Jack politely called for Kevin and gestured for the necessary documents.
Without further ado, the latter pulled out a folder and handed it over.
“Take a look at this, Mr. Farwell,” Jack urged as he slid the folder toward Lucian. “These are the ten Farwell Group subsidiaries that I've painstakingly selected. | wonder if you'd be willing to part with them.”
To his surprise, Lucian didn't even bother flipping through the documents. He merely glanced at the cover and nodded his acknowledgment. “It's an honor for these companies to have you take a liking to them, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack scrutinized Lucian’s expression and decided to push his luck. “In that case, I'd like to buy all the shares of these ten companies at half the market price. Would you be okay with that, too, Mr. Farwell?”
“If you like, | can even give them to you for free, Mr. Damaris,” Lucian replied as he stared at Jack.
It doesn't take a genius to see how ambitious Jack is. The ten companies can't be the only things he wants! He only made the previous requests to test how far | was willing to go...
With that thought in mind, Lucian turned grim and steeled himself for what was to follow. 
###Chapter 1649
Chapter 1649
Chapter 1649 What Is This Attitude
“Do you have any other requests, Mr. Damaris?” Lucian asked when Jack did not reply.
Upon hearing that, Jack pretended to be puzzled and asked, “Am | that insatiable in your eyes, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian responded in the same manner, “Are you not? If you have no other requests, I'll sign the transfer agreement right now.”
There was a brief moment of silence in the private room.
Awhile later, Jack smiled and clapped his hands. “As expected of Mr. Farwell. You are a smart man. It's always a pleasure to talk business with someone like you.”
Lucian remained unfazed as he stared at Jack coldly. “I don't have time to waste on you. Get to the point.”
Jack stopped clapping and replied icily, “| won't beat around the bush then. | want Farwell Group and Queen Group to give up their collaborations with the research institute. My newly established company will step in and take over. I'll sign a long-term contract with the research institute so all their future achievements will be shared with my company.”
He pretended to be generous and added, “Of course, I'm not that greedy either. My company will share half the profits from the sales of the medication with the research institute. | won't let their efforts go to waste.”
Lucian shuddered in disgust when he saw the smug look on Jack's face. He wanted nothing more than to destroy the person before him.
Yet when he thought of Roxanne, he had no choice but to swallow his anger. “| can't make any decisions for the research institute, but | can promise you that Farwell Group and Queen Group will announce their termination of the contract with the research institute starting tomorrow. As for the other matters, you'd have to wait for
Roxanne to wake up to discuss them with her.” Lucian tried his best to sound calm.
Jack already expected Lucian to say that and did not press further. Instead, he sighed and said, “Mr. Farwell, | underestimated your love for Ms. Jarvis. | can't believe you agreed to my requests without any hesitation.”
He then changed his tone. In a deliberately vague manner, he asked, “But | do want to know one thing. Would you agree to anything | asked for?”
In other words, he had more demands.
Lucian scrunched his eyebrows, and his expression turned grim. “What else do you want?”
Jack replied, “I want you to find another woman and marry her before Roxanne wakes up. Plus, you need to announce this to the public and make sure that it is the first thing Roxanne hears of when she wakes up!”
As if he still had not had enough of pushing Lucian's buttons, he added, “As long as you agree to never be with Roxanne, | promise to wake her up!”
Lucian was furious and exuded a murderous aura.
Sensing the change in Lucian’s attitude, Jack sighed. “Mr. Farwell, just what is this attitude you're giving me? Don't you want to save Ms. Jarvis?”
“Mr. Damaris, | advise you not to overstep your boundaries,” Lucian warned as he tried to suppress his anger.
Jack narrowed his eyes. “Have you not noticed, Mr. Farwell? This is my main request. Since | can't have Ms. Jarvis, then | won't let other men have her!”
In this world, Roxanne can only be with me! There can be no other men!
“Think about it, Mr. Farwell. Ms. Jarvis and | are both doctors and have a lot in common. Only we can help each other! As long as she's with me, she'll be able to reach her full potential!”
Jack got more enthusiastic the more he talked. He was exhilarated when he saw Lucian grow angry but was helpless to do anything about it. 
###Chapter 1650
Chapter 1650
Chapter 1650 Three Days
Jack was full of confidence as he used Roxanne's life as a bargaining tool.
If Lucian wanted to save Roxanne, he would have to agree to Jack's requests.
If that were the case, with time, the Damaris family would not only be known as a prestigious medical family but could also be compared to the Farwell family.
This is the Damaris Group that I've always imagined it to be!
Lucian was not the only one who could expand the influence of his company with his own ability. Jack could also make Damaris Group undergo drastic changes.
“Three days.” Jack held out three fingers. “I'll give you three days. | hope you'll give me a satisfactory answer by then. | only have three requests, and you have to agree to all of them.”
He shot a triumphant look at the person before him, as though he could already see his victory.
Lucian balled his hands into fists as his tone turned ice cold. “What if | don't agree to them? What will you do, Mr. Damaris? Are you so sure that you're the only one who has the antidote to the poison?
Jack seemed to take Lucian's words as a joke and started laughing before he regained his composure and replied, “Of course! My poison is created from a mix of the Four Peculiar Poisons! No one will be able to create the antidote! I'm afraid those idiots won't even be able to guess the medicinal herbs | used!”
He acted kind and reminded him, “I'd advise you not to do anything pointless. There are so many medicinal herbs in the world. There's a possibility that those idiots would use medicinal herbs that contradict the ones | used. By then, | won't have any say in
Ms. Jarvis’ life or death!”
Lucian pressed on, “Mr. Damaris, you were the one who poisoned Roxanne. Did you forget what happened with Colby? Do you want to become like him and stay in jail for a few years before you come to a realization and regret it?”
Jack stared at him in disdain. “That idiot, Colby, was caught because you found dirt on him. He had no choice but to admit to his crimes. It serves him right to be jailed.”
Lucian asked in a deep voice, “Are you that certain | won't find dirt on you, Mr. Damaris? By then, even if you don't want to save her, there'll be someone to force you to do it!”
Jack was confident in himself. “Mr. Farwell, aren't you too confident? Talk to me about all this when you actually find evidence!”
He had been in the medical field for many years. Naturally, he knew how great his poisoning tactics were.
Forget about Lucian. Even if he asked Grandpa to come, it would be a waste of time!
He had just recently developed that essential oil.
Lucian's eyes darkened when he saw how confident Jack was. He clenched his teeth and suppressed his urge to beat the latter up.
Jack crossed his legs and rested an arm on the back of the chair as he narrowed his eyes at Lucian. “I'll give you three days. If you think that's too long, how about one day? That'll be just right since it'll be the same as the time you gave me to think.”
Lucian met his gaze. He had regained his composure and calmly replied, “Three days. I'll give you an answer after three days.” Colby still needed time. Lucian could not bear to act rashly.
Jack chuckled and held out his hand. “Please leave then, Mr. Farwell.”
| thought Lucian was tough, but looking at him now, he's not that impressive after all!
Lucian was expressionless as he got up and left the private room of the hotel.
After watching Lucian leave the private room, Jack's assistant, Kevin, carefully reported Roxanne's situation.
“Ms. Jarvis is still unconscious. Mr. Farwell found many famous doctors to diagnose her, but until now, they still have no leads.”
Jack was not surprised. “I've already said that he can only beg me to save her!”
He then pretended to be disappointed and sighed as he said, “Roxanne is so ungrateful. If she had only agreed to be with me, then she wouldn't have had to go through all this. What a pity.” 
###Chapter 1651
Chapter 1651
Chapter 1651 When Is Mommy Coming Home
It was already nine at night when Lucian left the hotel.
Starting the car, he wanted to return to the hospital.
He was still worried even though Marilyn was there with Roxanne.
However, just as he started driving, his phone rang.
He took his phone and saw it was an incoming call from Benny.
Lucian thought of what Colby had said that afternoon and subconsciously felt warmth fill his heart when he saw Benny's name on his phone screen.
“Daddy, are you not coming back tonight either?”
Benny's voice quickly rang in Lucian's ear when the call connected. His tone was filled with dejection and anticipation.
Lucian could already imagine the three children waiting eagerly at home.
If Roxanne were awake, she would've asked me to go home and comfort them.
As he thought of that, Lucian slowed down and turned the car around, making his way home. While he did that, he comforted Benny, “I'm on my way home. Have you all had dinner?”
Benny's tone turned happy as he said, “We haven't! We're waiting for you to come and eat with us!”
Benny's words moved Lucian. “I got it. I'll be home soon.”
Benny responded cutely, “Okay.”
After hanging up, Lucian looked at himself through the rearview mirror.
The person in the mirror had a serious expression, and his eyebrows were furrowed deeply.
Anyone could tell he was in a bad mood at first glance.
| might scare the children if | go back looking like this.
On his way home, Lucian kept glancing at himself through the rearview mirror to control his expression.
By the time his car stopped at the Farwell residence, he had already successfully concealed all his anger.
“Daddy!”
When they heard the commotion outside, the children excitedly ran out to welcome him home.
Catalina was worried and hurried to follow behind them.
When she saw that Lucian had returned, she breathed a sigh of relief and went back to the living room.
The three children surrounded Lucian and jumped up and down in excitement.
Lucian felt the heavy load on his heart lighten when he saw them.
“Daddy, are you very busy? Did you eat dinner yet?”
“Daddy, I'm hungry. Let's go in quickly and eat dinner!”
Estella and Benny grabbed Lucian's hands affectionately and pulled him into the manor.
There was also a smile on Archie's face, but he still looked concerned.
Lucian knitted his eyebrows when he noticed Archie's unusual emotion. Concerned, he asked, “Archie, what's wrong? Do you have something on your mind?”
Archie frowned and curiously asked, “Daddy, where's Mommy? She would always let us know before she went on business trips. She'd also call us when she arrived.”
However, there was no news from her this time.
Plus, she had not picked up any of their calls either.
Lucian's gaze slightly darkened when he heard Archie mention Roxanne. However, he soon regained his composure and bent down to comfort Archie by ruffling the boy's hair.
“Your mommy went in a rush this time, so she only had time to tell me. She went to a mountain for a medical consultation, and the signal there is bad. I'm sure she'll call us when she gets a signal.”
He had thought about what to say during the entire journey home. Hopefully, the children won't be able to detect any flaws in that excuse.
Sure enough, the children were not suspicious of him.
However, when they heard that Roxanne had gone to a mountain, they kept asking questions regarding her safety there.
“Daddy, are there any wild animals in the mountain? Will Mommy get hurt?”
“Is the mountain a remote area? Did Mommy go alone?”
“When is Mommy coming home?”
Lucian was rendered speechless. 
###Chapter 1652
Chapter 1652
Chapter 1652 Be Good And Stay Home
Lucian replied to every single one of the children's innocent questions.
Although he had already expected those questions, and it was not hard for him to answer them, he still felt exhausted after doing so.
When faced with the children's naive and innocent expressions, it required a lot of energy on his part to come up with lies.
“Daddy, can't we go look for Mommy?” Estella suddenly asked.
She and Roxanne had only reunited not long ago, so she was unwilling to be apart from the woman, especially after knowing that Roxanne had left for such a faraway place.
Lucian's expression stiffened when he heard her question. He almost could not hold back and let his sadness burst out.
Yet he stayed silent for a few moments. Suppressing those emotions, he pretended everything was fine as he looked at the children.
“I'm quite busy these days, so | can't take you. Your mommy will probably be gone for only a week. She'll be back when you go on break.”
With that, he quickly averted his gaze and pretended to be focused on eating dinner, afraid the children would see through his lie.
Luckily, the children did not think too much about it. They were just a little disappointed.
“Why does Mommy have to be gone for so long? | hope she'll already be waiting for us at home when we come back on Friday night...”
The emotions that Lucian had tried his best to suppress stirred within him once more. The pain he felt was too great that it made him breathless.
He gulped before replying, “She will. When you come back, your mommy will definitely be waiting at home for you.”
The children thought he was tired, so they quieted down and helped to put food on his plate.
Lucian felt his heart grow heavier. The food he ate was now unappetizing.
After dinner, the children clung to him and wanted him to play with them for a while.
However, Lucian could not bear to face the children a moment longer. Steeling his heart, he handed the children over to Catalina and prepared to head out.
“Daddy, where are you going?” Archie asked in confusion when he saw Lucian heading for the door. “Are you not going to rest at home tonight?”
A pained look flashed across Lucian's eyes when he heard Archie's question. He stopped and rubbed his temples to control his expression before turning to look at the young boy.
“| have something to discuss with Mr. Queen, so I'll sleep over at his place tonight. Be good, listen to Ms. Catalina, and go to bed early.”
Archie stared at his father, taking in the latter's expression. Daddy is acting weird.
“Daddy, did something happen at the company?”
He recalled Roxanne's previous behavior and thought Lucian had met with a problem at work.
Lucian went along with the flow and answered, “Yeah, but it's not a big problem. | can handle it myself. It's just that I'll be a bit busy these two days.”
Lucian still remembered how the children cried their eyes out when something happened to Roxanne the last time.
There's no need for them to know about it this time. They only need to be obedient, stay home, and wait...
The children pushed away their thoughts of having fun, and their expressions turned serious when they heard that something had happened at Lucian's company.
Estella stepped forward and hugged Lucian, encouraging him in a sweet voice, “Good luck, Daddy! You are the best!”
Archie and Benny hugged him too.
Lucian wrapped the three children in his embrace as he slowly calmed down. ‘I got it. I'll do my best.”
With that, he ruffled the children's hair and asked Catalina to take them to play. Then, he got in his car and left. 
###Chapter 1653
Chapter 1653
Chapter 1653 Down In The Dumps
Just then, Lucian received a call from Madilyn.
Frowning, he answered the call and immediately inquired about Roxanne's condition. “How's Roxanne?”
Madilyn gazed at her best friend on the hospital bed, her voice somber. “There are no changes for the time being. But then, we still didn't manage to surmise anything even after discussing her condition for the entire afternoon.”
After saying that, she sighed helplessly.
When Lucian heard her reply, his heart grew increasingly heavier. “I'll head over right away.”
“It won't do any good even if you do so when you're not a doctor,” Madilyn countered. Then, she admitted, “I called to ask whether you've tried seeking out the Queen family.”
After all, the Queen family was also quite prominent in the medical field. If they agreed to help, there were high chances of determining the exact medicinal herbs Roxanne inhaled.
Only when she brought up the Queen family did Lucian belatedly remember about that possible avenue. “I'll do that at once.
Madilyn murmured in acknowledgment.
Without saying anything further, both of them hung up the phone.
Verily, Lucian had been so panicked that he had relegated the most instrumental help available at present to the back of his mind.
In fact, if Madilyn hadn't given him a call, her existence wouldn't even have occurred to him.
At that moment, it was late at night.
Jonathan was sitting in his study cross-legged, methodically arranging his work schedule for tomorrow with his assistant.
Never had he expected the Queen family to gain a boon for nothing when they had only helped to act as a go-between.
The new medicine Roxanne developed will soon cause a huge uproar in the entire medical world, and the Queen family is going to have something to do with that. It'll boost our family's reputation to some extent for sure!
At the thought of the Queen family's bright future after the launch of the new medicine, he couldn't help musing inwardly.
| was truly lucky to meet Roxanne back then. That aside, helping Lucian to pursue her was the wisest decision of my life. She has brought countless benefits to the Queen family, from the resources | gained after the Pearson family's downfall to this new medicine now. Be it financial resources or reputation, the Queen family's development now is inextricably linked to her. I've really
got to thank her when the new medicine is launched!
While he was allowing his mind to run free about the unlimited potential in the future, his butler's voice suddenly rang out at the door. “Mr. Queen, Mr. Farwell is here and waiting for you downstairs.”
Hearing that, Jonathan abruptly corralled his thoughts. “Why did you have him wait downstairs? Just tell him to come upstairs directly!”
Not only were their two families friends, but he and Lucian were even as close as brothers. Therefore, he had never asked the latter to wait downstairs.
Just as the butler was going to head downstairs to call Lucian, Jonathan came out of the study.
“Never mind. It might be something serious that he came over at this hour. I'll go downstairs!”
Having said that, he hurried down the stairs in huge strides.
As soon as he reached the landing, he spotted Lucian sitting on the couch, downing coffee like nobody's business.
One who didn't know better might even assume that the man was holding a wine glass instead.
“Why did you come over so late, Lucian?”
Jonathan's heart sank slightly. Striding over, he sat down beside Lucian and poured himself a cup of coffee.
Glimpsing that the coffee in Lucian's cup was already finished, he casually topped it up for the latter.
In the next second, the man beside him picked up the cup and took a long chug.
He cautiously peered into the cup, only to see that only half of the coffee, which had just been refilled to the brim earlier, remained. Even the coffee grounds inside had diminished significantly.
The instant he saw that, realization dawned upon him that his best friend was down in the dumps.
Could it be that something has happened to Roxanne? Other than that, | can't think of any other reason for him to be in such a foul mood. 
###Chapter 1654
Chapter 1654
Chapter 1654 Created An Opportunity
“Why are you here alone? Where's Roxanne?”
Jonathan gingerly put that question forth, but at the mere mention of Roxanne, the atmosphere in the room dipped frightfully.
He hastily zipped his mouth and sat there silently, waiting for Lucian to speak first.
An indeterminate time passed before the man's voice broke the silence. He sounded bone-tired.
“Something has happened to Roxanne.”
Although Jonathan had long since drawn that conclusion, his heart still clenched when he heard Lucian's tone.
Based on his understanding of the man, Roxanne must be in real trouble this time.
“Is there anything | can do to help?” he voluntarily offered.
Putting down the cup of coffee, Lucian leaned back against the couch. He lifted his hands and covered his eyes, his voice beyond grim.
“Jack poisoned her, and she has been unconscious for a day and a night. | got a lot of doctors to check her over, but they are all helpless about her situation. They can't even tell what poison exactly is afflicting her!”
At his words, sheer shock deluged Jonathan. “Jack? He actually dared to...”
Mid-utterance, he noticed Lucian's grave expression. Immediately, he forcibly suppressed the surprise within him and racked his brain to help figure out a solution.
“Calm down first. After so many years in the medical industry, the Queen family has some connections. Many renowned doctors have gone into seclusion, and you can't hire them even if you've got money. But if | use my grandfather's name and implore them
for help, | can probably budge one or two of them. I'll go and have someone send the invitations right away!”
As he said that, he whipped out his phone and called his assistant, ordering the latter to prepare the invitations that night itself before sending them out to those skilled doctors living in solitude.
Lucian thanked him in a hoarse voice, “Thank you.”
However, Jonathan frowned in displeasure. “There's no need for that between us. If we were really standing on formality, wouldn't | have to prostrate myself before you and Roxanne in gratitude when you've both helped me so much?”
The Pearson family's resources alone had already enabled the Queen family to expand to almost double its scale in the past.
On top of that, the Queen family would enjoy an even more esteemed reputation when Roxanne's new medicine hit the market.
Lucian merely heaved a long sigh without responding to that.
Perceiving his worry, Jonathan coaxed, “Don't worry. Someone as kind as Roxanne will definitely pull through. In light of her having saved innumerable patients, God won't take her away so easily.”
Despite his reassurance, he wasn't all that confident about it.
After all, the Damaris family had withdrawn from society for the past few years and had a century of experience in the research of medicinal herbs.
| wonder what kind of insidious tactic Jack used...
“Hopefully, that's true.”
Lucian sat upright. He lifted a hand and picked up his cup of coffee, hoping to use the beverage to calm the turmoil within him. Unbeknownst to him, his hand holding the cup trembled uncontrollably.
Witnessing that, Jonathan was shocked to the core.
He had always known that Lucian loved Roxanne deeply, but he had never expected Roxanne's current situation to scare him to such a degree.
That said, he was also aware that it was only before him that Lucian could reveal this side of himself.
When Lucian stepped out of this house, he would once again become the invulnerable “Mr. Farwell” in the eyes of outsiders.
At that thought, Jonathan inexorably felt sorry for him.
He knew better than anyone how difficult it had been for Lucian and Roxanne to end up with each other.
Unexpectedly, such a tragedy transpired when they had gotten together at long last.
“In truth, she could've avoided this.”
Out of the blue, Lucian's voice drifted into his ears, dripping with self-recrimination.
Following that, Jonathan regarded him in puzzlement.
“She had been negotiating with Jack because of the new medicine, and | helped by giving her a suggestion. For that reason, she was exceedingly persistent and sought him out repeatedly. Never had it crossed our minds that every time they met created an
opportunity for him to make a move against her.”
If | hadn't said anything, she undoubtedly wouldn't have been bothered about the profit split. And if she had agreed to Jack's proposal of splitting the profits in half, the subsequent events wouldn't have happened! 
###Chapter 1655
Chapter 1655
>Chapter 1655 Suffer Such A Tragedy
Jonathan didn't know what to say in response to Lucian's remark. All he could do was comfort the latter awkwardly.
“This isn't on you. The fault lies with Jack. No matter what you did or didn't do, he would've still looked for an opportunity to make a move against Roxanne.”
After he had said that, something occurred to him, and he continued, “He must have an ulterior motive in doing this. | wonder what it is.”
Lucian hadn't planned on keeping it from Jonathan's knowledge. Hence, he told the latter briefly about the negotiation between him and Jack when they met just now.
“Has he lost his mind?”
After Jonathan heard about Jack's terms, incredulity showed on his face.
Never mind that he wants ten of Farwell Group's most profitable subsidiaries since Lucian can swiftly make up for them with his capabilities, but what right do they have to make decisions on Roxanne's behalf about her research institute's collaboration when
she's still in a coma? Worse still, he even wants Lucian to marry another woman! What exactly is his motive here?
Meanwhile, repulsion brimmed in Lucian’'s eyes. “I have no problems with all the other terms other than the final one. I'd never agree to it.”
| finally won her over, and I'll never let her go again. Even in death, she has to die with me!
Jonathan sensed the terrifying aura emanating from the man, but he had no idea what was running through his mind then. For some inexplicable reason, his heart jolted.
Nonetheless, the man beside him was still his childhood friend. As such, he merely shuddered but composed himself in the next heartbeat.
Nodding, he seconded, “Jack has gone too far, his greed knowing no bounds. Sooner or later, he'll reap the consequences of his actions.”
Subsequently, the two of them solemnly discussed the plan three days later if they still couldn't find a way to rouse Roxanne by then, and Jack remained adamant about those three conditions.
At that moment in time, Frieda was in the kitchen.
It so happened that she heard Lucian arriving when she came downstairs to get herself a glass of water.
Because of the foolish things she did in the past, she hadn't the nerve to face the man. Thus, she wanted to wait until he had gone upstairs before sneaking back up.
Little did she expect her brother to come downstairs and for the two men to begin chatting on the couch.
As she listened to their conversation, she didn't dare make a single peep. In fact, she desperately suppressed her breathing, afraid that they would discover her.
Upon hearing her brother and Lucian's exchange in the living room, she couldn't help feeling horrified.
While she harbored no fondness toward Roxanne and was very much opposed to her getting together with Lucian, she had never imagined that the woman would suffer such a tragedy.
Oh God, Jack actually poisoned her, and even all the acclaimed doctors are helpless about it!
Verily, she was glad that she didn't stupidly offend Jack back when she joined hands with Aubree.
| never expected him to be such a two-faced hypocrite!
After the initial relief, she inexorably started worrying.
If something truly happens to Roxanne because of Jack's poison, my plan with that man will fall through...
Upon realizing that, she felt that she needed to make time to contact that man and inform him about the matter before discussing their next step.
In the living room, Jonathan and Lucian were wholly focused on Roxanne's matter to the point that they didn't notice someone else's presence in the kitchen.
“It's late. You're still going back to the hospital?” Jonathan asked when they ended their discussion at midnight.
In response, Lucian dipped his head a fraction. “I worry.”
Therefore, Jonathan didn't try to convince him to stay but saw him to the door. “I'll go and visit Roxanne tomorrow. Drive safe.”
Lucian nodded wordlessly before leaving.
Shortly after, the headlights of the Bentley lit up, and Lucian drove off. 
###Chapter 1656
Chapter 1656
Chapter 1656 That Man Is Capable
“Have you heard it all?”
Jonathan watched as Lucian's car disappeared from his line of sight before he whirled around and returned to the living room. With his eyes trained in the direction of the kitchen, he put that question forth in a deep voice.
Right then, the living room was empty, and Frieda was the only person in the kitchen.
Hence, it went without saying who that question was meant for.
Her heart clenching slightly, Frieda guiltily stepped out of the kitchen. “You knew | was here, Jonathan?”
Honestly speaking, Jonathan had already noticed her presence when he came downstairs earlier.
However, he was also aware of his sister's intentions, so he didn't expose her. On the contrary, he tried his best to divert Lucian's attention on several occasions the man nearly noticed her.
“You're not allowed to leak out a single word of the conversation between Lucian and me earlier! If | were to learn that you spoke
of it to someone else, don't dream of getting involved in anything related to Queen Group anymore for the rest of your life!” he warned, a stern expression on his face.
Hearing that, Frieda bobbed her head hesitantly.
Jonathan eyed her with a frown, exasperation flooding him. He then painstakingly analyzed the pros and cons for her benefit. “The interests of Queen Group and Farwell Group are closely linked together. If something were to happen to Farwell Group, Queen Group would similarly be affected. If others were to know that Lucian is currently being threatened and has no time to handle other things, they would seize the opportunity to attack Farwell Group. Consequently, Queen Group's interests would also suffer tremendously. | hope you understand that much.”
It wasn't until he mentioned Queen Group that Frieda sobered up. “Got it. | won't tell anyone about it.”
Jonathan stared at her for a long time.
Just when Frieda could no longer stand the probing scrutiny and wanted to beat a hasty retreat upstairs, Jonathan's voice rang out slowly.
“A matter plaguing the Farwell family is also the Queen family's concern. Since you heard everything, help to think of a solution as well.”
As soon as Frieda heard that, her expression stiffened imperceptibly. Faking a chuckle, she declined, “Jonathan, the Queen family's connections are in your hands. Even if | want to help, | don’t have the capability to do so.”
“You naturally have your own connections,” Jonathan drawled expressionlessly.
At that, the smile on Frieda's face almost slipped. “I don't quite understand what you're saying. Where would | get connections?” Jonathan's brows knitted together, and his voice turned increasingly somber. “I believe that you were close with Aubree back then for the sake of the Queen family. At present, Jack is already provoking us. If you really care about the Queen family, don't be a fool anymore and continue siding with outsiders!”
Guilt brimmed in Frieda's eyes, but still, she steeled herself to continue denying it.
Alas, Jonathan didn't allow her any opportunity to speak. “A few days ago, you left the office in the afternoon but only returned late at night. Who did you meet up with?”
No sooner had his words fallen than Frieda's expression changed drastically. “I—”
Unfortunately, Jonathan cut her off coldly.
“Don't tell me you went for a drive. I've already sent someone to investigate your whereabouts. That day, you drove to a mansion in the suburbs. The man who sent Aubree away lives there, yes?”
Thanks to the foolish things she did previously, Jonathan had practically zero trust in her.
That night, he was still worried after she had explained things and sent someone to investigate the matter.
Unexpectedly, the investigative results validated his suspicions—Frieda had lied to him again.
He wanted to know what exactly she was planning with that man, so he had feigned ignorance about it.
Right that moment, however, he couldn't help hoping that man would be of help since he must have his own connections.
“No matter what you've done to Dr. Jarvis with Aubree in the past, this is the best chance for you to make amends for your
mistakes. As that man was capable of sending Aubree away right under the Farwell family's noses, he undoubtedly has some impressive connections. Perhaps he knows someone who can help Dr. Jarvis,” he urged. 
###Chapter 1657
Chapter 1657
Chapter 1657 Regarding Himself Far Too Highly
A flash of hesitation flittered across Frieda's eyes.
But at the thought that Roxanne was an indispensable part of their subsequent plan, she ultimately relented, “Okay, got it. I'll go and ask him about it.”
Thereafter, Jonathan added, “Don't contact him anymore after the incident this time! Someone willing to help Aubree is definitely no decent man!”
Frieda was chagrined inwardly, but she still agreed docilely on the surface. Then, she spun on her heel and went upstairs.
When she returned to her room, she called the phone number Shawn gave her for the first time.
In no time, someone answered the call on the other end of the phone.
“Why did you call me at this hour, Ms. Queen? Are you missing me?”
Shawn's voice was incredibly suggestive.
Enthralled by his voice, Frieda fell into a trance for several seconds.
Following that, Shawn chuckled, his eyes sparkling with devious glee. “We truly have a telepathic connection.”
That caught Frieda off guard. “Huh? What do you mean?”
“| happened to be thinking of you, and you called me. What's that if not a telepathic connection?” Shawn teased.
Splotches of crimson slowly stained Frieda's face. She went silent for a few seconds before she finally succeeded in suppressing the shyness and delight within her. Feigning calmness, she stated, “I'm seeking you out for something important.”
Shawn's expression remained indifferent, but he sounded earnest beyond words. “What is it? As long as it's something to do with you, I'll definitely spare no effort.”
To him, it was truly a piece of cake to manipulate a naive girl like Frieda.
When Frieda heard that, her heart fluttered once more. Her voice also softened considerably. “Roxanne has been poisoned, and no one is able to cure her for the time being. I'd like to ask whether you are acquainted with any skilled doctors.”
What? Something has happened to Roxanne?
In a flash, Shawn's expression turned frosty.
If my memory serves, she's Lucian's lover. Yet, someone dared to make a move against her?
“Who did it? And what is the culprit's motive?” Shawn questioned icily.
The change in his tone took Frieda aback momentarily before she gathered her wits about her. “It was Jack Damaris. From the conversation between my brother and Lucian, | heard that he seemingly wants to use Roxanne to blackmail Lucian, hoping to
obtain some benefits from the latter.”
“Him? What a joke! Is he even worthy of having designs on the Farwell family? He's merely from a prestigious family in the medical field. Clearly, he regards himself far too highly! How dare he steal my prey from me!”
Shawn snorted disdainfully.
The Farwell family's rival can only be me! If anyone dares to interfere, that's akin to challenging me!
His tone struck terror into Frieda. In a daze, she felt like she had again seen the man who negotiated with Aubree that night. Her attraction toward him instantly disappeared into thin air. Fearful, she remained quiet, not daring to utter a word.
“| got it. There's indeed a renowned doctor living in seclusion in the north. I'll send someone to invite him over immediately. Tell Lucian not to agree to Jack's terms!” Shawn asserted.
If Farwell Group were to be affected by this matter, it'd be downright boring for me when | make my move against Lucian in the future!
Frieda acquiesced softly.
Seemingly sensing her fear, Shawn gentled his voice. “I'm only helping because of you. If it weren't for you, | wouldn't care whether Roxanne lives or dies.”
Despite all he had said mere moments ago, Frieda couldn't help believing him. She again found herself falling for him.
“If | manage to convince that doctor to accept my invitation, I'll be coming back with him tomorrow. Will you come and pick me up?” Shawn coaxed, his eyes narrowed a fraction.
Unbidden, Frieda's heart skipped a beat. “Yeah. Just tell me the time.”
Chuckling deeply, Shawn fed her a few more honeyed words before hanging up the phone. 
###Chapter 1658
Chapter 1658
Chapter 1658 Emergency Treatment
At the hospital, Madilyn let the experts enter the ward, as she was worried sick about Roxanne.
The group stayed in the ward from the afternoon until midnight to figure out a treatment method, but they did not manage to reach a conclusion.
Still, Madilyn was unwilling to give up.
As a doctor, she badly wanted to wake Roxanne with her own ability.
However, the experts had already stayed up the whole night yesterday. As most of them were old, they were exhausted after working for so long.
Left with no choice, Madilyn could only let them rest first.
“Roxanne, you have incredible medical skills. Can you give me a hint and tell me how to save you?”
As the ward quieted down, Madilyn turned to look at Roxanne on the bed and murmured while holding her hand.
| wish | was the one lying here instead. If | were the one unconscious right now, Roxanne would definitely know how to save me.
Just as Madilyn was immersed in despair and guilt, she saw Roxanne's eyelashes tremble a little.
Madilyn widened her eyes. Thinking that it was just her imagination, she tightened her grip around Roxanne's hand and asked, “Roxanne? Can you hear me?”
Slowly, Roxanne's eyebrows furrowed together. It seemed as if she was about to wake up.
Madilyn was certain she was not seeing things. She hurriedly stood up and pressed the call bell beside the bed.
It hadn't been long since the experts left the ward, so Madilyn strode out of the ward and yelled at them to return.
The experts couldn't help but feel nervous. “What's wrong, Dr. Xander? Did Ms. Jarvis show any response?”
Nodding fervently, Madilyn said, “Hurry here and take a look. | think she's about to wake up!”
Then she walked back into the ward to check on Roxanne.
The experts followed her and came in one after another.
They stared at Roxanne, their sleepiness totally gone thanks to the news that she might be waking up soon.
Roxanne's frown deepened. Even though she was unconscious, her face contorted with pain.
An expert pointed out uneasily, “I don't think this is a sign of Ms. Jarvis waking up. It's more like...”
He trailed off and didn't dare to continue for fear that his words would come true.
Madilyn was also a doctor herself, after all. When she saw Roxanne's expression, she soon understood what was going on. “Get ready for emergency treatment!”
Everyone present was an experienced expert, and the ward was well-equipped with all kinds of equipment.
They quickly decided on the attending doctor, and the others cooperated with him deftly.
Roxanne seemed to be in terrible pain. Her face flushed red, and she began gasping for air.
Madilyn was holding Roxanne's hand when she suddenly felt the latter clutching her hand in return. The grip was so strong that it hurt Madilyn.
Lowering her head, Madilyn could see veins popping out on Roxanne's arm.
“Roxanne...”
Madilyn's eyes turned red with tears.
How awful could her pain be that she's gripping me so tightly while she's unconscious? What in the world did Jack do to her?
Then and there, Madilyn made up her mind that she would never let that hypocritical Jack off.
“Don't be scared. You'll be fine soon. | will cure you. | promise I'll cure you.”
Despite knowing that Roxanne couldn't hear her, Madilyn spoke reassuringly and firmly.
After some time, the doctor in charge of treating Roxanne wiped away his cold sweat. With a somber expression, he said, “Ms.
Jarvis is in pain because her blood vessels are contracting and expanding repeatedly. We can't let this go on! We have to use sedatives on her!” 
###Chapter 1659
Chapter 1659
Chapter 1659 How Much Pain
When Lucian reached the ward and noticed the experts were nowhere to be seen in the corridor, his heart lurched.
He walked up to the door and opened it. The expert's words happened to reach his ears at that moment, and his face darkened immediately.
“Mr. Farwell...”
At the sight of Lucian, the experts lowered their heads in guilt.
Before Lucian left, he had asked them to take good care of Roxanne. Now that he saw Roxanne in such a state, they would likely be held accountable for it.
Lucian stalked to the bed. Looking at Roxanne's expression of pain, he said, “Don't mind me. Help her first!”
Even when Colby tampered with the experiment last time, Roxanne did not appear to suffer this much.
What drug did Jack use on her that she's hurting so much even when she's unconscious?
As Lucian looked at Roxanne, he felt as if he could sense her pain.
His heart hurt so badly that he almost could not breathe.
Although Madilyn was concerned about Roxanne, she stepped aside to make space for Lucian and went to help.
Standing beside the bed, Lucian held Roxanne's hand. He felt so heavy-hearted that he couldn't utter a word. How he wished he was the one lying there and suffering instead.
After being injected with sedatives, Roxanne looked visibly better. Still, the atmosphere was tense as everyone stood there, low- spirited.
While the sedatives temporarily relieved Roxanne's symptoms, vasoconstriction was no trivial matter.
Roxanne could die from an aneurysm at any time, but they couldn't find the cause of her vasoconstriction.
Following another round of emergency treatment, Roxanne's condition was finally under control.
The experts were all drenched in sweat and totally drained.
“Thank you for your hard work, everyone. Go ahead and rest. Let's continue to think of treatment methods tomorrow,” said Madilyn before escorting the experts out of the ward.
With that, only three people were left.
Roxanne's face was as white as a sheet as she breathed faintly.
While Madilyn and Lucian watched her, they felt heartbroken.
“Did you drop by the Queen residence? What did Mr. Queen say?” asked Madilyn.
Lucian closed his eyes to contain the churning emotions within him before repeating Jonathan's words in a grim tone.
Madilyn's expression turned solemn. “So that means there's nothing the Queen family can do now. | don't know how long we'll have to wait for those recluse legendary doctors. Roxanne...”
Madilyn wasn't sure if Roxanne could hang on until then.
At that thought, Madilyn finally lost control of her emotions. With tearful eyes, she said, “I've been a doctor for so long, but this is my first time seeing an unconscious patient showing such violent reactions. Just how much pain is Roxanne in?”
They couldn't imagine how Roxanne could withstand such suffering with her petite body.
“| will cure her. She'll be okay!” Lucian declared as he gripped Roxanne's hand. Madilyn didn't know to whom those words were directed.
Lucian would never allow things to end just like this. They hadn't even held their wedding and done the things they didn't get to do before.
Holding back her tears, Madilyn stated, “The three days Jack mentioned might be the time it would take for the drug to take effect. It hasn't even been three days, yet Roxanne is already being tortured like this.”
Madilyn couldn't bring herself to imagine what would actually happen to Roxanne after three days.
Just the possibility of Roxanne dying due to pain while she was in a coma made Madilyn feel suffocated. 
###Chapter 1660
Chapter 1660
>Chapter 1660 See You Being Alive
When Lucian heard Madilyn's words and turned to look at Roxanne's ashen face, he felt as if someone was squeezing his heart forcefully, making it struggle to beat.
If what Madilyn said is true, and | can't find a way to cure Roxanne in three days...
At the thought of the ordeal Roxanne might face and the possibility that he could lose her because of that, Lucian could no longer suppress his rage. At that moment, a murderous air surrounded him.
He had thought that the worst thing that could happen was him dying with Roxanne.
However, they still had three children who grew up in incomplete families.
The five of them had just reunited, and it would be too cruel to abandon the three children again.
As those thoughts fleeted across Lucian's mind, he was overcome with the urge to tear Jack apart.
This matter happened because of me. Why didn't Jack target me? Why did he have to do something so inhuman to Roxanne?
“Mr. Farwell...” Sensing the murderous air in the ward, Madilyn was startled. “Don't be like this. | believe that you'll find a way to wake Roxanne. She'll get through this, even if it's for the sake of you and the children.”
“| will never let Jack Damaris off!” Lucian growled with a dark look.
He wanted Jack to end up much worse than Colby.
Hatred painted Madilyn's countenance. “Of course, but Roxanne is the priority now. Three days will pass by quickly. We have to come up with a way soon!”
Clenching his jaw, Lucian forced himself to calm down. He let go of Roxanne's hand and said to Madilyn, “I will. You must be tired after working the entire day. Go and get some rest.”
Madilyn was unwilling to leave, but she knew Lucian felt as terrible as she was.
Maybe he wants to tell Roxanne something in private.
With that in mind, Madilyn cast a reluctant glance at Roxanne before turning to leave.
The door shut with a heavy thud. As Lucian turned back to gaze at the woman on the bed, dejection clouded his features.
“Roxanne, if | fail to think of a way after three days, don't hate me after you wake up...”
Madilyn's words just now had left a huge dent in Lucian's heart.
When he returned earlier, Roxanne had already been in agony for a while, so what he had witnessed might not be her most painful moment.
Lucian was uncertain if Roxanne would really be able to get through the three days.
And even if she could, Lucian could not bear to let Roxanne undergo such torment.
Upon recalling the scene earlier, Lucian was overwhelmed with a sense of powerlessness. For the first time in his life, he felt useless.
He had repeatedly promised Roxanne that he would protect her and the children, yet he was the one who put her in this state. “I'm really useless, aren't |?” Lucian lifted Roxanne's hand to his lips and kissed it softly, wanting to seek solace.
Only Lucian's low voice could be heard in the ward as he murmured, “If | still can't find a way after three days, then | can only agree to Jack's request. If you want to hate me after you wake up, hate me all you want. That's still better than you forgetting me. At least | can see you being alive and well if | agree to his request.”
If they really had to reach that point, Lucian didn't mind letting Roxanne go far away with the three children.
He'd rather have her hate him and stay away from him than see her lying in the hospital bed like a lifeless person. 
###Chapter 1661
Chapter 1661
Chapter 1661 High And Mighty
Early the next morning, Frieda hurried to the airport.
She had received a text from Shawn the night before stating that he would be returning with that legendary doctor.
Frieda was so excited that she barely slept. The moment the sun peeked over the horizon, she got up, dressed up, and left the house right on time.
Around ten minutes after she arrived at the airport, she spotted the striking Shawn in the crowd.
Because of Shawn's impressive aura and height, he was always an eye-catching presence wherever he went.
In fact, a lot of people around him were staring at him, as they thought he was a celebrity.
When Frieda saw Shawn walking toward her, her heart began to race.
As he came to a stop in front of her, she held back her exhilaration and greeted, “You're back.”
After giving her a once-over, Shawn curled his lips and remarked, “You look pretty today.”
Frieda instantly blushed, feeling at a loss for what to respond.
“Let me do the introductions. This is Old Mr. Lomax, the King of Medicine of Merania, who has lived in seclusion for years.”
Turning to Peregrine Lomax, Shawn said respectfully, “Old Mr. Lomax, this is Frieda Queen, the granddaughter of the Queen family.”
Frieda's attention was focused on Shawn all this time. It was only when Shawn began speaking that she realized there was an old man beside him.
The old man was thin, and he was considerably tall, as he was just a few centimeters shorter than Shawn. Though his face was wrinkly with age, his eyes gleamed coldly and made him look aloof.
From the way he carried himself, one could easily see that he was no ordinary man.
Moreover, Shawn clearly treated him with high regard.
“It's nice to meet you, Mr. Peregrine,” Frieda hurriedly greeted politely.
Peregrine glanced at her indifferently and replied, “I've seen you when you were young, but I'd prefer you not call me that. Just call me Old Mr. Lomax like this young man from the Crawford family.”
Frieda's smile stiffened at that.
She only addressed Peregrine that way because she wanted to cotton up to him.
Jonathan owned access to the Queen family's connections now. Naturally, Frieda wanted to develop her own network as well.
To her surprise, the old man before her was way too stubborn.
Shawn shot Frieda a look just then, so she had no choice but to agree meekly.
“| understand, Old Mr. Lomax.”
Nodding slightly, Peregrine said, “Crawford, I'm tired. Where can | rest?”
With a smile, Shawn led the way. The Crawford family's driver was already waiting outside. The trio got into the car, with Frieda sitting in the passenger seat.
Shawn and Peregrine sat in the back. The latter would pipe up occasionally, asking Shawn about how the Crawford family was doing lately.
Though Peregrine acted high and mighty, Shawn did not show any signs of impatience.
After all, Peregrine was indeed a capable man.
He was not the one who dubbed himself the King of Medicine. Instead, it was a title his peers in the medical field had been calling him by in the past few decades.
In fact, Peregrine almost joined the State Secrets Protection Department because of his skills.
Sadly, an explosion that happened during a research and development project sixteen years ago injured and even killed many of Peregrine's mentees, causing him to lose his will to go on.
The explosion had happened because of him. Although he was not subject to criminal liability since it was an accident, he already labeled himself as an unforgivable sinner.
Ever since then, Peregrine had disappeared from everyone's sight and even declined the government's invitation. 
###Chapter 1662
Chapter 1662
Chapter 1662 Get Her To Introduce You
Shawn was merely trying his luck when he went to ask Peregrine for his help. Shawn was merely trying his luck when he went to ask Peregrine for his help.
When Peregrine was severely injured some time ago, it was the Crawford family who had helped and bore the medical expenses for him and his disciples. The elderly man owed them a debt of gratitude.
When Alister Crawford fell seriously ill years later, the Crawfords invited Peregrine out of seclusion to treat him. In other words, the Crawfords and Peregrine had called it quits.
Shawn had gone to look for Peregrine, not knowing if he would agree to come out of seclusion.
Fortunately, the elderly man still appreciated the kindness of the Crawford family.
When Shawn arrived at his residence and expressed his intentions, Peregrine only hesitated for a moment before agreeing to his request.
“Back then, the Crawford family saved so many of my disciples. Every life they had saved was a debt | owed. When you asked me to save another person's life, I've no reason to refuse your request! I'll do it!” That had been Peregrine's response.
He wasted no time and joined Shawn on their way to the airport, disregarding the need to pack his belongings. Even Shawn found it hard to believe how smoothly everything went.
“How is Old Mr. Queen doing?” After asking about the Crawford family's current situation and learning that Alister was in the pink of health, Peregrine turned to Frieda, simply asking out of concern for an old friend.
Frieda replied respectfully, “My grandfather also fell ill recently, but he has just recovered. Do you have the time to visit him and provide treatment for him once more?”
Frieda replied respectfully, “My grandfather also fell ill recently, but he has just recovered. Do you have the time to visit him and provide treatment for him once more?”
She was trying to get in his good books. However, Peregrine was not buying it. “It's good that he has recovered. Someone as kind as him will get through anything. I'm only good at pharmacology, so | won't be of great help to him. His children and grandchildren should take good care of him
instead.”
Sensing Frieda's attempt to flatter him, Peregrine closed his eyes, leaned back in his chair, and drifted off to sleep after uttering those words.
Frieda was left in a state of awkward silence. None of them uttered a single word throughout the journey. An hour later, the car they traveled in slowly came to a halt at the entrance of a mansion in the suburbs.
Shawn woke Peregrine up in a low voice. “I didn't take you to the city because | know you appreciate a peaceful environment. This mansion has everything you need, so please make yourself at home.”
Peregrine remained silent and simply nodded his head in response. He straightened his clothing with a quick pat before gracefully stepping out of the car.
Frieda and Shawn followed behind. Frieda's face turned grim after Peregrine rejected her twice.
She had no idea what skills he possessed but felt the elderly man had a more inflated ego than her grandfather. What's so great about this man anyway? He better not make a fool of himself later.
“Old Mr. Lomax holds an esteemed position in the medical field, so it's understandable for him to exude a certain level of confidence,” Shawn said in consolation despite feeling displeased by her behavior.
Hearing his words, Frieda forced a smile.
Once they arrived at the mansion, Shawn arranged for Peregrine to have breakfast and rest before discussing the next course of action.
“Old Mr. Lomax, we can't delay any longer as the patient's condition is not optimistic. But since I'm not convenient to appear in person, may | get Ms. Queen to introduce you instead?” Shawn asked for Peregrine's consent respectfully.
The elderly man nodded without expressing any opinion. Peregrine arrived with a clear intention to treat the patient and was not concerned about who would introduce him later.
Seeing Peregrine nod in agreement, Shawn gave Frieda a few additional instructions before sending her back to the Queen family to explain the situation. 
###Chapter 1663
Chapter 1663
Chapter 1663 Repay Your Kindness Generously
Frieda returned to the Queen residence right away. Frieda returned to the Queen residence right away.
Jonathan was listening to his assistant's report in the house.
Out of all the invitations they had sent, a few reclusive famous doctors were unable to attend while the others had declined the request altogether.
In short, not one of them accepted the invitation. Jonathan understood those reclusive experts, who could be experienced and set in their ways, probably had plans of their own.
The Queens were not particularly close to the reclusive experts they had invited, so they thought using Alfred's name to reach out to them might help.
Under normal circumstances, Jonathan would not have handled their rejection well, but the fact that his closest friend's partner was in danger caused him to feel a sense of panic.
Jonathan stood up anxiously. “Buy me a plane ticket. I'll go there and meet them in person!” The assistant could only stay silent and keep up with him.
When they were about to leave the mansion, they bumped into Frieda, who was entering the house. “Jonathan, where are you going? | found someone who can save Roxanne.”
Frieda's expression lacked joy. Instead, a hint of smugness lingered on her face as she conveyed the news to Jonathan.
Upon noticing the expression on Jonathan's face, she knew he had not found anyone. Yes! | won!
Jonathan was visibly anxious and eager to find out the expert she had managed to contact. “Who did you manage to get?”
Jonathan was visibly anxious and eager to find out the expert she had managed to contact. “Who did you manage to get?”
Frieda cleared her throat and said, “I spoke to someone who provided me with the contact of Peregrine Lomax—Merania's King of Medicine!”
Jonathan's eyes widened in shock. “Peregrine Lomax? You managed to get him to come?”
Frieda's guilt flickered momentarily across her face, but she quickly regained her composure. “I told him about the patient's condition and that she was Dr. Lambert's apprentice. | also mentioned that | was from the Queen family. | think he may have agreed to help because of Grandpa and Dr. Lambert. But he did request a reward of ten million. Lucian wouldn't mind spending such a small amount of money, would he?”
It was not difficult to spot the loopholes in Frieda's story, but Jonathan did not have the mental capacity to worry about that.
Jonathan confirmed with Frieda, “Are you sure that person is Peregrine Lomax? Where is he now, and when will he arrive?”
Frieda did not like the way he questioned her. “Yes, he is Peregrine Lomax. | arranged for him to rest in the suburbs, but he should arrive soon.”
Jonathan hesitated for a moment but decided to trust Frieda's words. | have no choice but to believe her!
“Okay, I'll contact Lucian right now. You go pick up Old Mr. Lomax. We'll go to the hospital immediately once he arrives!”
Reluctantly, Frieda agreed and left to call Shawn. She asked him to get someone to send Peregrine to the city while she would wait for him at a designated location, hoping to minimize the travel time.
Jonathan immediately called Lucian and told him the good news.
Even though Frieda might not have heard of Peregrine, Jonathan knew very well who he was. Besides Jack, Old Mr. Lomax will be the only other person in the world who can save Roxanne!
Upon learning that Frieda had invited a renowned doctor over and hearing Jonathan's effusive praise for the doctor, Lucian felt his body begin to stiffen. “Ten million is nothing to me. I'll even pay him a hundred million or even one billion!”
The legendary King of Medicine was his and Roxanne's last hope! Jonathan also took the opportunity to put in a good word for his sister. “We should thank Frieda for bringing him here.” Lucian responded in a deep voice, “I'll repay your kindness generously if he can cure Roxanne!”
Jonathan muttered a casual response before hanging up the phone. | don't expect you to repay my kindness. My only hope is that you won't hold a grudge against Frieda anymore. 
###Chapter 1664
Chapter 1664
Chapter 1664 The Four Peculiar Poisons
It did not take long for Frieda to bring the man over. She only took an hour. It did not take long for Frieda to bring the man over. She only took an hour.
Jonathan quickly greeted, “Old Mr. Lomax.”
Peregrine studied the siblings for a moment before turning to speak to Jonathan in a nicer tone. “Where's your grandfather?” Jonathan furrowed his brows and said, “My grandpa isn't in the pink of health. He has been recuperating away from the house recently. If you want to meet him, I'll bring you to him after you treat my friend.” Then, fearing that the elderly man would misunderstand his words, he quickly added, “My friend's condition is terrible, and she can't afford to waste any more time. Please
forgive me for making you travel this far.”
Peregrine seemed satisfied with his attitude, for he nodded his head and said, “It's fine. Saving a life is more important. Where's the patient?”
Jonathan immediately replied, “She's at the hospital. I'll bring you to her right now.”
With that, he strode forward to lead the way.
Frieda deliberately walked at a slower pace to stay by Peregrine's side in an attempt to make her seem closer to him. After they got into the car, Jonathan drove them to the hospital in a swift but steady manner.
Awhile later, the car came to a stop by the entrance of the hospital.
Lucian was already waiting downstairs.
After listening to Jonathan's introduction, Lucian figured out that the reclusive experts were prideful individuals. The humbler he showed himself to be, the better the impression they would have of him.
After listening to Jonathan's introduction, Lucian figured out that the reclusive experts were prideful individuals. The humbler he showed himself to be, the better the impression they would have of him.
That way, they would do their best to treat Roxanne. “Lucian, this is Old Mr. Lomax—Peregrine Lomax, a master in medicine.”
Jonathan was surprised to find Lucian waiting for them downstairs, but he soon realized why Lucian was there. He quickly introduced, “Old Mr. Lomax, this is the current head of the Farwell family, Lucian Farwell.”
Lucian lowered his head a little and reached out his hand to Peregrine. “I'm sorry for the trouble, Old Mr. Lomax. I've already hired famous doctors all over the world to treat her, but none knew how. | hope that you'll be able to give us a tip or two.”
Peregrine nodded, but he did not shake Lucian's hand. “Etiquettes are not important to me. Bring me to her now.” Without hesitation, Lucian retracted his arm and led the way.
Peregrine was impressed by Lucian's decisive demeanor.
Once they reached the top floor, the doctors were stunned to find out who had come.
They were all middle-aged individuals who had heard about the King of Medicine of Merania sixteen years ago. In fact, they had heard of him from the news too.
They had been young when they learned he had become a hermit, and they felt wistful about the matter.
Little did they expect to see him in person that day.
The second the man of the legends came, silence draped over the corridor.
However, Peregrine ignored them and followed Lucian into the ward.
Upon seeing Roxanne's complexion, Peregrine uttered, “What's going on now? How much do you know about her condition?” Lucian was not well-versed in medical jargon, so he turned to look at Madilyn.
Madilyn instantly took out the results of Roxanne's various checkups since the day before. She then started explaining the data and how Roxanne had been poisoned to Peregrine.
Lucian added, “I've asked the one who poisoned her about this, and he said that he used a mixture of the Four Peculiar Poisons and made Roxanne inhale it over time in the form of essential oil. Once she inhales a certain amount, the poison will start to do its job.”
Peregrine narrowed his eyes as he went through the results.
When he heard Lucian's words, a dubious look crossed his face. “Was she really poisoned by essential oil?”
Lucian nodded in certainty. “He wouldn't dare to lie to me at that time.” 
###Chapter 1665
Chapter 1665
Chapter 1665 Do Not Leave Us Hanging
Peregrine drew his brows together when he received Lucian's reply. Then he shook his head. Peregrine drew his brows together when he received Lucian's reply. Then he shook his head.
Everyone was confused, for they did not know what Peregrine meant by that, but they did not dare to ask him why either.
After a long silence, they finally heard Peregrine say, “The Four Peculiar Poisons are the Four Peculiar Poisons of ancient times. They are Crimson Crane, Eviscero Gras, Final Day, and Mad Grin. They aren't real, and so there's no way you can get your hands on them.”
In other words, Jack was still telling him nonsense.
Lucian's eyes darkened before a murderous look flashed in them.
He could not believe that Jack had lied to him even when he was in that situation.
If someone were to take his words seriously and started a treatment plan for Roxanne according to his words, Roxanne would certainly be on the verge of death by then.
Suppressing his anger, Lucian asked politely, “Old Mr. Lomax, what do you think about Roxanne's condition, then?”
Peregrine turned to look at Roxanne in silence for a while before saying, “All of you must leave. | need to give her a detailed checkup.”
No one dared to to that. Despite their worries for Roxanne, they all left the room. Even Lucian was standing by the entrance, looking into the room through the window on the door.
He knew that Peregrine truly wanted to give Roxanne a checkup, but he dared not let Roxanne leave his line of sight with her current condition.
“Lucian, Old Mr. Lomax is a capable man. I'm sure he'll be able to cure Roxanne,” Jonathan reassured Lucian.
“Lucian, Old Mr. Lomax is a capable man. I'm sure he'll be able to cure Roxanne,” Jonathan reassured Lucian. Even Madilyn bobbed her head in agreement.
Apart from Lucian, there was no one else in the world who was more worried about Roxanne than her. However, as an individual in the medical field, she had heard of the King of Medicine of Merania.
Madilyn was confident in Peregrine's ability to treat Roxanne.
Despite their reassurances, Lucian only nodded at them as he continued to fix his gaze on Roxanne. Peregrine grabbed Roxanne's wrist and started taking her pulse with a solemn look.
Once he was done with that, he pulled her eyelids up and checked her lips.
He seemed to have discovered something, but through the window, Lucian could only see Peregrine's lips moving as if he was muttering something under his breath.
Amoment later, Peregrine frowned and strode toward the door.
Lucian shifted to the side to open up a path for him.
“Summon the doctors who treated her yesterday!” Peregrine snapped at Lucian.
The doctors, who were standing nearby, shared a look with each other when they heard that.
Still, they steeled themselves and went over to Peregrine.
Madilyn quietly stood at the side as well. “What did you diagnose her with?” Peregrine asked mercilessly as he stared at the reputable doctors.
The doctors kept their heads hung low as if they were students faced with a teacher asking them questions that they could not answer. Their faces were red.
Peregrine snorted. “Young ones nowadays make horrible doctors!” Despite the degrading words, no one dared to say anything in retort.
No one but Madilyn. She asked anxiously, “Old Mr. Lomax, we're not as knowledgeable as we should be, and we'll work harder to improve ourselves in medicine from now on. But please don't leave us hanging right now. What's wrong with Roxanne?”
In an icy voice, Peregrine uttered, “Can't you tell? She's been poisoned!”
That was something Lucian had told them a long time ago, so they knew about it, but they had not been able to find the symptoms of poisoning.
In contrast, Peregrine had managed to come to that conclusion by himself.
“The patient's arteries are hardening. If this goes on, the blood might burst through the hardened arteries and that'll lead to life- threatening bleeding inside the body. If you let the condition worsen to that point, the patient will be in mortal danger!”
Peregrine stared at the doctors grimly. 
###Chapter 1666
Chapter 1666
Chapter 1666 Hang On
The crowd inhaled sharply as fear crept into their hearts. The crowd inhaled sharply as fear crept into their hearts.
“No wonder Mrs. Farwell's arteries became so narrow,” someone muttered under their breath.
Peregrine had a keen hearing, and he lifted his feet to deliver a light kick on that person's leg. “Why didn't you look more into it if you've already discovered that?”
That person was not expecting a kick from Peregrine, but he was not at all angry about it. In fact, he was embarrassed.
After all, Peregrine was the role model they admired back when they were younger. It was an honor to be taught a lesson by their role model.
The person lowered his head and told Peregrine what happened the night before adding, “We've already done all the tests we could, but we couldn't find what was making Mrs. Farwell's arteries narrow and expand. It's only after your diagnosis did we
realize what was going on.”
A beat later, he continued guiltily, “Mrs. Farwell was fine during her stay in the hospital up until last night. She returned to her initial state after our treatment. There was nothing strange at all.”
“The lack of anything strange is what's strangest!” Peregrine kept his hands behind his back as a grave expression crossed his face. “Dangerous changes are going on in her, but you doctors didn't even realize that!”
The other doctors kept their heads lowered.
The other doctors kept their heads lowered.
Peregrine looked at them the same way he looked at his past students. Without realizing it, he began to explain Roxanne's condition in detail to them.
However, some were still confused by his explanation. “Old Mr. Lomax, we know about that, but what do we do now?”
Peregrine snapped his brows together. “Do you really need to ask me that despite how clear I've made things out to be? Finda way to relax her arteries. Otherwise, she might not even be able to stay alive three days later!”
Everyone's hearts lurched when they heard that, and the doctors quickly inclined their heads before working on their respective tasks.
Peregrine continued to watch them with somber eyes as the other doctors busied away. At the same time, there was a hint of disappointment in his eyes.
“Old Mr. Lomax, how long do you think Roxanne will be able to hang on for?” Lucian was crestfallen as he listened to Peregrine's words earlier.
When Peregrine heard Lucian's voice, he came back to his senses and shook his head grimly. “Things aren't looking good for
her.
Lucian fixed his gaze on the elderly man as he waited for the latter to continue. Turning to the hospital bed, Peregrine asked, “Who is she to you?”
“I'll be honest with you. Roxanne is my wife and the mother to my three children. I'll be willing to do anything as long as you cure
her. His words were respectful but assertive.
Peregrine's frown deepened, but he was not irked by Lucian’s tone. “I'll be frank with you too. You look ill.” Lucian pursed his lips in silence.
He had neither slept nor rested for two whole days. His eyes were bloodshot, his lips were chapped, and he barely had any color to his face.
Peregrine continued slowly, “She wouldn't survive past the second day if | hadn't come.” A flame of hope began burning in Lucian's heart.
However, what came out of Peregrine's mouth next extinguished that flame.
“But | can't come up with a plan right away. I'll need to do some research first.”
The light in Lucian's eyes went out. “Will... Roxanne be able to hang on until you're done?” 
###Chapter 1667
Chapter 1667
Chapter 1667 Disgusted
The look on Peregrine's face darkened. The look on Peregrine's face darkened.
“Getting her arteries to relax will take three days. If | haven't come up with anything in three days, then...” Peregrine did not finish his sentence, but those present could guess what he was going to say.
If Peregrine could not come up with a treatment plan in three days, Roxanne would die.
That was a fact unless Lucian were to accept Jack's request.
Although he had mentally prepared himself for that possibility, Peregrine's words were still like a dagger that stabbed Lucian in the heart.
Madilyn and Jonathan were taken aback.
Even Old Mr. Lomax can't think of a way to treat her? How ruthless is Jack?
The two tried not to show the dismay on their faces.
In acalm tone, Jonathan asked, “Old Mr. Lomax, is there anything we can help you with?” Peregrine nodded. “Where is the library? | need to do some research.”
Jonathan instantly answered, “I know a library meant for those in the medical field. The books there have been sorted according to their genres, and they have many collections there.”
“We have no time to waste, so let's head there right now.”
Jonathan immediately led Peregrine out with Frieda.
Soon, Madilyn and Lucian were the only ones left in the corridor.
Soon, Madilyn and Lucian were the only ones left in the corridor. “I'm going to go inside to take a look at Roxanne. Mr. Farwell, do you want to join me?” Madilyn asked, trying not to look sad. Lucian gave a long look at the woman surrounded by doctors in the ward before looking away and shaking his head.
Madilyn could finally be sure that the man before her truly loved her good friend at the sight of his desolation. She was moved, but a wave of melancholy washed over her as well.
She could not help but feel that their relationship had been a tumultuous one.
“Roxanne will be fine. | trust her, and you should have faith in her too,” Madilyn said to him.
With that, she turned around and went into the ward, tears springing into her eyes.
Madilyn had always been a tough individual, and she did not like shedding tears in front of anyone. Roxanne was the only one she felt comfortable enough to laugh and cry around.
But now, the friend Madilyn could be herself around was lying on the hospital bed, and she did not know if Roxanne would survive.
Madilyn did not even know who she should look for to vent the sorrow she felt.
She walked over to the bed, and looking at her good friend's colorless face, she grabbed her hand. Roxanne, you have to hang on. We're waiting for you. You have to get well soon.
After taking a few seconds to calm herself down, Madilyn sniffled and forced her tears away before readying herself to join the rest of the doctors.
Lucian was standing in the corridor by himself. He was only a few steps away from Roxanne's bed, but he could not bring himself to lift his leg.
Every time he looked at the woman's face, the ache in his heart would worsen. He dared not imagine what would happen three days later.
If no one could think of a way to resolve Roxanne's condition after three days, then he would have to agree to Jack's requests and marry another woman.
Everything about Roxanne would have nothing to do with him anymore. Roxanne had kept a distance from him even when Aubree was only his fiancée in name back then.
He was certain that she would be disgusted with him and would despise him if she were to wake up and find out that he had married another woman. 
###Chapter 1668
Chapter 1668
Chapter 1668 Who Discovered This The veins on Lucian's arms bulged, and he vented his rage by swinging a fist at the wall.
There's nothing much to be done. | have to let her go even if she will hate me for it. I'll do anything to save her life, including submitting to Jack.
After an exhausting day in the ward, Madilyn emerged and was surprised to see Lucian standing at the door. “Have you been standing here this whole time?”
Lucian nodded. “How is she?”
Madilyn sighed. “It's too early to tell. We've softened up her arteries a little and will continue doing so tomorrow. You should go in and keep her company.”
Lucian gazed at the figure inside but somehow could not move his feet. “Roxanne would want you by her side,” Madilyn said.
It was only then that Lucian's gaze softened.
Amoment's hesitation later, he walked in.
After standing guard outside the ward through the night and seeing no change in Roxanne's condition, Lucian did not feel his anxiety alleviated in the slightest.
Peregrine's words weighed heavily on his heart.
He knew a change was taking place within her body that was invisible to the naked eye.
At the first light of dawn, Madilyn and the team of experts entered the ward to pick up where they had left off the day before. Lucian rose to leave. This time, he no longer stood guard at the door.
Peregrine had not returned, but it was time for his appointment with Colby.
He was anxious to see if Colby had come up with anything.
Lucian sped all the way until he arrived at the prison entrance.
Having been too hasty in his arrival, he had forgotten to inform his friend ahead of time.
Fortunately, the guard who had greeted him the day before hurried over at once, having just started his shift.
“Are you here to see Colby Galloway again, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian nodded expressionlessly.
With a tactful nod, the guard relayed an order to have Colby brought out.
The pair met once again in the visiting room.
Still bounded by shackles, Colby remained under the guards’ watchful eyes but regarded Lucian with less hostility this time. The pair sat across from one another in silence.
As the minutes passed, Lucian's heart sank.
If Colby had thought of something, he would not waste any time by telling me the second he saw me. He also wouldn't have that look on his face.
The pair did not speak. Lucian nodded. “I got it. It's all right. I'll think of something else.”
Just as he was about to leave, Colby piped up, “Surely you've made some progress over the past two days. Any other clues? Tell me. Perhaps | could think of something.”
Lucian paused at those words. He returned to his seat and relayed Peregrine's diagnosis once more. “Her arteries have hardened, and the constriction in her circulation is causing them to contract further.” Colby repeated Lucian's words with bewilderment in his eyes.
Lucian inclined his head as an affirmation of his summary.
After several minutes of silence, Colby looked up gravely. “Who discovered this?”
He was not convinced of the severity of whatever poison that was.
“Mr. Peregrine Lomax. He is said to be the King of Medicine of Merania. You might have heard of him.”
Despite not knowing much about the medical world, Lucian was aware of the old man's prestige from the experts’ reverence for him. 
###Chapter 1669
Chapter 1669
Chapter 1669 Why Do You Say That Old Mr. Lomax! Colby's eyes were filled with shock at Lucian's words.
He even managed to hire Old. Mr. Lomax. Even more surprisingly, Old Mr. Lomax couldn't handle Roxanne's condition. Otherwise, Lucian would not have come to see me today.
“What else did the old gentleman say?” He was desperate to hear Peregrine's diagnosis. Lucian shook his head, his expression dark. “Old Mr. Lomax is still perusing the medical literature for a way to cure Roxanne.”
Colby turned grim; his eyes thoughtful. “Let me mull it over. | will think of something.”
| am in prison while Roxanne lies on a hospital bed with her life at stake. Even Old Mr. Lomax couldn't save her. | need to do something for her no matter what it takes.
Lucian's words played over and over again in his mind.
Colby's brows were furrowed as he tried to decipher any information he could from those words.
However, despite wracking his brain, he could not think of any medicinal herbs that could match the drug's efficacy.
Colby grew frustrated.
“Dr. Jarvis spent most of her time in the laboratory. She is susceptible to the smells of medicinal herbs, including rare specimens that have passed through her hands. She would have noticed something if she smelled something poisonous, and Jack knows this.” Swiftly, he arrived at a possibility. “To disguise the smell of the medicinal herbs, he must have used a good amount of
fragrance.”
“Don't push yourself if you can't come up with anything.” Lucian felt touched at the sight of Colby's panic. “As you said, despite Old Mr. Lomax's skill, there isn't anything he could do now.”
Colby regained his composure, though there were traces of defeat in his gaze. “If Old Mr. Lomax could come up with something, Dr. Jarvis would be delighted upon waking to find out that it was he who had saved her.”
Lucian looked at him in puzzlement. “Why do you say that?”
He knew the old man was a legend in the medical industry and that it would not be unusual for Roxanne to idolize him, but Colby's words seemed to indicate something else.
Remembering something, Colby said, “I have worked with Dr. Jarvis to develop several medications that would undoubtedly be of great interest to the industry, some of which were based on Old Mr. Lomax's research. He should have had a share in the
profits.”
Peregrine had disappeared without warning years ago and left behind much half-done research. He had even released it to the world, hoping that somebody would take over and produce something with his research.
Many within the medical industry became interested and began conducting follow-up research. However, Roxanne was the only one who had led them to perfect the drugs. They had tried to contact Peregrine, but to no avail.
Roxanne had been uneasy about being unable to share the profits with him, so she had set the price of the drugs low enough just to break even and recoup the costs to pay tribute to the man they otherwise owed.
It was this incident that had given Colby his first good impression of Roxanne. In their subsequent encounters, the fondness increased until it became an obsession.
At the recollection of the past and of the foolish things he had done, Colby could not help resenting himself. 
###Chapter 1670
Chapter 1670
Chapter 1670 Nobody Was Good Enough For Her Lucian's gaze dimmed when he listened to how Roxanne and Peregrine met.
She would be thrilled if she woke up and learned that Old Mr. Lomax had treated her. But given the current situation, keeping her safe is...
“If there is no other way, | can only give Jack what he wants,” he said expressionlessly. Colby was taken aback. “Jack gave you his conditions? What are they?” There must be a catch for Lucian to be thinking twice.
Lucian's grim gaze met his. “You only need to know one of them. He wants me to marry another woman before Roxanne regains consciousness.”
“Is he crazy? How could he make you do that?”
Lucian gave a self-deprecating laugh. “It was my negligence that resulted in Roxanne's predicament. | should pay the price.” It is a heavy price to pay.
Colby looked at the man before him, still in shock, as his expression shifted.
He would sacrifice his marriage for Roxanne's safety.
He recalled the time he had first heard Roxanne's story six years ago. He had been disgusted with Lucian and thought him unworthy of her.
Then Roxanne returned to the country six years later. Upon finding out about their union, Colby held on to the notion that Lucian's sin was unpardonable and realized that it was wishful thinking to envision a future with her.
Now, it seems the person most worthy of Roxanne is the man before me. He is the only one who truly loves her to be willing to give anything for her. My and Jack's feelings for her, on the other hand, are only excuses we have used to hurt her. What | have done is unforgivable.
After chiding himself derisively, Colby looked up at Lucian with a look of disapproval. “No, you can't just let him have his way.” Lucian furrowed his brows at those words.
“Jack is doing this to drive a wedge between you,” Colby said quietly. “If you do as he asked, he will get what he wants. You and Dr. Jarvis have stayed together all these years. Shouldn't that count for something? Hold on to the very end, for her sake. If she knows this, | think she will fight to her dying breath for you and the children.” As if sensing his inappropriate tone, Colby took a deep breath, his features hard with resolve, as he continued, “You need to have more faith in her and us doctors. We will
definitely think of something.”
Those were the last words Lucian expected from him. A complicated mix of emotions arose in his eyes. “You would see me with Roxanne?” he asked, unable to contain himself.
He remembered how relentless Colby had been just to draw Roxanne'’s attention to his existence. Even after his arrest, Colby had insisted he did nothing wrong. However, at that moment, he seemed to have become another person.
Colby's eyes flashed, and he averted his gaze stiffly. “Before today, | have always thought you were unworthy of Dr. Jarvis. Nobody was good enough for her.”
Even | myself am far from worthy.
He then turned quickly to glance at Lucian. “I have seen how much you are willing to sacrifice for her. Dr. Jarvis likes you, and you treat her well. That's good enough. She's better off with you than with somebody with impure motives.” 
###Chapter 1671
Chapter 1671
Chapter 1671 Did | Hear Him Right Lucian stood before him. “Are you remorseful for what you've done?” he asked in a low voice.
Colby smiled bitterly. “What difference does that make? | will never forgive myself for nearly causing Dr. Jarvis' death over my selfishness.”
He looked up at Lucian and spoke with a tone filled with hatred and disgust for himself.
“People are insatiable creatures. Initially, | was happy just working with her. Then, | wanted to be as close as possible to her, so | became her assistant. Not long after that, | wanted her to look at me like how she looks at you. My desire grew as the days passed. | don't even know what | was doing.”
Lucian studied him, trying to discern the sincerity in his words.
Colby sighed. “Now that | look back on the two mistakes I've made, regardless of whether it was starting the fire or sabotaging the laboratory, the slightest lapse in vigilance could have caused a major catastrophe. Aside from Dr. Jarvis, the other
researchers in the research institute might have lost their lives by my hand. | deserve to be where | am for my crimes.”
Having confessed his feelings to Roxanne on the day of his arrest, he finally understood that when he was escorted into the police car.
However, it was too late for contrition.
Because of that, Colby had never considered submitting an appeal to overturn his conviction.
Instead, he wished to serve his sentence to alleviate the guilt within him.
“What do you plan to do after you get out?” Lucian asked unexpectedly.
Colby was stunned. He seemed to have never considered the matter.
He lowered his gaze for several seconds before answering, “Maybe I'll become a traveling doctor, as my chances of employment at a research institute or hospital are uncertain. As long as people believe in me, | will provide free medical treatment to compensate for what I've done.”
After observing him for a while, Lucian gathered enough to ascertain every word of his rang true.
“What about Roxanne?” he asked. “You still owe her an apology.”
Colby's eyes flashed with guilt. “I will apologize to her. She is still the best doctor I've ever known.”
Lucian nodded meaningfully at that.
Colby frowned, puzzled. “You don't believe me?”
“| do, which is why | want to make you an offer on Roxanne's behalf to have you come back to the research institute after you get out.”
Colby's eyes widened with disbelief. “W-What did you say?”
After all the awful things I've done, Lucian still wants me to work alongside Roxanne. Did | hear him right? What could have possessed him to do so?
“| would like you to return to work at the research institute after your sentence ends,” Lucian repeated calmly. “As you said, you are the longest-serving assistant of Roxanne's. Though you have done wrong, you have made amends in time, showing me you have truly repented. You're welcome to work alongside Roxanne again after your release.”
Colby still had not regained his composure.
Suddenly, Lucian changed the subject as his expression grew stern.
“However, you will be under my supervision. | guarantee you will be thousands of times worse off if you get any ideas.” 
###Chapter 1672
Chapter 1672
Chapter 1672 Not Slept In Two Days Colby took a long time to gather himself before nodding slowly, still stupefied with disbelief. Lucian retracted his gaze. “I want to thank you for your words earlier. | won't give in, and Roxanne will get better.”
Colby felt a sudden sense of relief at those words. “She will. | hope you'll let me know when you get married so | can wish you well.”
Lucian inclined his head. The men exchanged a final glance in silence. Colby watched Lucian leave before allowing himself to be escorted back to his cell. With his mind buzzing with Colby's words as he emerged from the facility, Lucian gradually regained his calm.
| have done everything | can. From here, it's only waiting and hoping. Either the doctors will think of something before the deadline, or | will have to give in to Jack. Before then, the only thing | can do is with Roxanne.
Spurred by that thought, he stepped on the gas and sped toward the hospital.
It was dusk when he arrived.
Lucian had Cayden pick up dinner for the medical specialists at the hospital. They dined on the large table in the conference room.
Still uneasy, Madilyn remained by Roxanne's bed. She stood up upon his arrival. “How did it go? Did you discover anything?”
Lucian shook his head, but his expression did not look as pale as when he had left. There was even a glimmer of optimism in his eyes.
“Nothing yet, but | believe no harm will come to Roxanne.”
After speaking, he observed Madilyn's expression.
Being fraught with worry for two days straight did Madilyn's pallor no good. Her eyes and brow were lined with fatigue.
“Go get some rest,” Lucian said. “I had Cayden book some rooms in the hotel next door. Everybody needs a good night's rest.”
Madilyn glanced at Roxanne, her brows furrowing. “I'm worried about her. Besides, | rested the night before. You, on the other hand, need some. Roxanne will be sad if she wakes up and sees you like this.”
Lucian nodded. “I'll stay with her tonight and get some rest here. You've been running around the entire day and will continue to do so tomorrow. We cannot handle the consequences of any mishap from fatigue.”
At that, Madilyn finally nodded. “If anything unusual happens to her, call me. I'll keep my phone on,” she reminded him before leaving. Lucian nodded.
Only then did Madilyn feel assured enough to depart with the group, who were still discussing Roxanne's condition on their way to the hotel.
“| had heard of Dr. Jarvis when she was abroad, but by her Ustranasion name. | thought she was around our age. Imagine my shock when | found out she was Dr. Lambert's disciple, who was in her twenties!”
“Exceptional traditional medicine practitioners are becoming increasingly rare. What a shame that something like this happened to this one.”
“Mr. Farwell has not slept in two days for Dr. Jarvis. | pity the young couple. We can't let anything happen to her.”
Madilyn gradually regained some faith as she listened to the group's chatter.
With so many talented doctors working together, in addition to Old Mr. Lomax's assistance, nothing will happen to Roxanne! At the same time, she felt thankful.
It's fortunate that Roxanne is with Lucian. If not for the Farwell family's wealth, we wouldn't have been able to hire this many skilled doctors. 
###Chapter 1673
Chapter 1673
Chapter 1673 Searched The Library
Following Madilyn's departure, pin-drop silence filled the air inside the ward.
Lucian dragged a chair over and sat beside the bed. He grasped Roxanne's hand with a tender look spread across his face. “Don't worry, Roxanne. Everyone is thinking of ways to save you. Even Old Mr. Lomax is here. He's currently browsing through references with Jonathan to figure out how to treat you. | believe he will definitely come up with a solution. | think you would want to meet him too,” Lucian said patiently despite knowing she couldn't hear him. “I'm also aware of Archie and Benny's parentage now. I'm sorry for not discovering they are my children earlier. I'm also grateful | didn't treat them with prejudice because | mistook them as another man's offspring. You've raised them well. On the other hand, | failed to take good care of our daughter. Because of me, our three children grew up in an incomplete family. Now that | know the truth, | only wish to do my best to compensate you all, but that can only be done provided that you wake up. You will tough this out for the kids, won't you?” Gently rubbing his fingers against her hand, he unwittingly tightened his grip and fell silent for a few seconds before adding, “If the doctors still can't think of a solution after three days, | will have no choice but to agree to Jack's request. By then, he will undoubtedly force me to marry another woman. | hope that after you regain consciousness...” He paused for a few moments before letting out a sigh of resignation. “When you regain consciousness and wish to hate me, you can do so. It was my fault for failing to safeguard you, so this is a burden | deserve to bear.”
Roxanne did not respond even after he muttered the long speech.
In the end, Lucian's heart ached so terribly that he couldn't speak further. He could only sit on the side of the bed and gazed at her in silence.
Another sleepless night ensued.
The next morning, Lucian got up and left the ward when the doctors came to do their rounds.
Standing in the corridor and watching the doctors doing their jobs, Lucian couldn't stop himself from taking out his phone and contacting Jonathan.
He lost contact with Peregrine after the latter's last visit to the hospital. He wondered if Peregrine had thought of any treatment plans.
It took a while before Jonathan answered.
“What's the matter, Lucian? Did Roxanne's condition destabilize again?” Jonathan whispered. Obviously, he was hiding in a corner, speaking with an undertone.
Lucian knitted his brows. “Are you still browsing through references?”
Jonathan nodded. “We stayed up the whole night yesterday and almost searched all the medical-related books in the library, but...”
At the thought of the outcome, Jonothon hesitoted to speok. We've gone through so mony references, yet Old Mr. Lomox is still clueless obout how to cure Roxonne's condition.
He couldn't bring himself to inform Lucion of thot depressive news.
Lucion's heort sonk os he monoged to guess the lock of progress. Still, he didn't probe further ond merely soid, “Help me express my grotitude ond toke good core of Old Mr. Lomox. I'll personolly thonk him ogoin ofter tomorrow.” Old Mr. Lomox is olreody of such odvonced oge, yet he's willing to stoy up oll night to study medicol books for Roxonne's soke. This gesture olone is sufficiently moving.
Jonothon heoved o soundless sigh before comforting Lucion, “There's onother doy left. We will find o woy. Don't worry, Lucion.”
Lucion grunted indifferently in response ond hung up the coll the next second, not giving Jonothon the opportunity to soy onother word.
Storing ot his dimming phone screen ond shifting his goze to Peregrine, who wos flipping through the medicol references, Jonothon felt heovy-heorted.
Although he hod consoled Lucion in thot monner eorlier, he couldn't deny the cold, hord truth lying before them. The chonces of soving Roxonne with the combined effort of only o few of them were very slim.
At the thought of the outcome, Jonathan hesitated to speak. We've gone through so many references, yet Old Mr. Lomax is still clueless about how to cure Roxanne's condition.
He couldn't bring himself to inform Lucian of that depressive news.
Lucian's heart sank as he managed to guess the lack of progress. Still, he didn't probe further and merely said, “Help me express my gratitude and take good care of Old Mr. Lomax. I'll personally thank him again after tomorrow.” Old Mr. Lomax is already of such advanced age, yet he's willing to stay up all night to study medical books for Roxanne's sake. This gesture alone is sufficiently moving.
Jonathan heaved a soundless sigh before comforting Lucian, “There's another day left. We will find a way. Don't worry, Lucian.”
Lucian grunted indifferently in response and hung up the call the next second, not giving Jonathan the opportunity to say another word.
Staring at his dimming phone screen and shifting his gaze to Peregrine, who was flipping through the medical references, Jonathan felt heavy-hearted.
Although he had consoled Lucian in that manner earlier, he couldn't deny the cold, hard truth lying before them.
The chances of saving Roxanne with the combined effort of only a few of them were very slim. 
###Chapter 1674
Chapter 1674
Chapter 1674 Business Trip
The doctors spent a long time working inside the ward. Their faces were pale when they exited the room. None of them dared to meet Lucian's eyes when they reached the doorway.
“How is it?” Lucian asked after Madilyn came to a halt beside him.
Madilyn seemed absorbed in her thoughts. She was slightly dazed for a few seconds before regaining her senses upon hearing his voice. A grimace spread across her countenance. “Roxanne...”
Although the doctors had been trying various methods to soften her blood vessels, the effects were negligible. Roxanne was not looking well at that moment.
Madilyn had no choice but to repeatedly cheer herself and Roxanne up inwardly, convincing herself to believe Roxanne would survive.
Nevertheless, she couldn't tell those things to Lucian.
Judging by his ashen face, Madilyn reckoned Lucian had stayed up all night again, even though he mentioned he would take a nap.
She hesitated to speak. Lucian gazed at her intently and uttered firmly, “That's all right. | won't let anything bad happen to her.” With that, he turned to look at Roxanne, who was lying inside the ward.
Madilyn fathomed his intention after taking in his facial expression. She opened her mouth but couldn't bring herself to persuade him otherwise.
Between Roxanne's survival and her love life, Madilyn would undoubtedly choose the former. Madilyn and Lucian entered the ward one after the other.
Looking at Roxanne, whose eyes were tightly shut, they felt utterly depressed.
Suddenly, Roxanne's phone rang.
Madilyn glanced at the device and saw Benny's name on the caller ID.
Her heart ached when she saw the incoming call, and tears brimmed in her eyes uncontrollably. She couldn't bring herself to reach out and answer the call.
Just when she thought of letting the call disconnect on its own, someone stretched out their hand to pick up the phone. That person was Lucian.
Alook of confusion flashed across Madilyn's face when she saw him answering the call. She wondered how he planned to explain the current circumstances to the children.
“Mommy!”
The kids’ gleeful voices sounded from the other end of the call.
They had been dialing Roxanne's number consecutively for two to three days, but she didn't answer their calls. They were thrilled because she finally picked up their call that day.
Lucian gulped when he heard the kids’ delightful tone. Even his eyes became slightly reddened.
Still, he lowered his head and recomposed himself before saying calmly, “It's me. Your mommy is still occupied with work.” Hearing his voice, the kids exchanged glances in puzzlement.
“Daddy? Isn't Mommy on a business trip? Is she back?” Otherwise, why would Daddy be using Mommy's phone?
Lucian silently cleared his throat and said, “She's not back yet. | traveled here to meet with your mommy. She encountered some problems at work and required my assistance.”
The children were dissatisfied upon hearing that. “We want to meet with Mommy too!”
“You can't come here. The living environment here is very harsh. Your mommy and | fear you won't get used to the conditions here. If you were to get sick, your mommy wouldn't have time to care for you all.”
Naturally, the kids didn’t want to add to Roxanne's trouble, so they could only acquiesce to Lucian's decision. “All right. Can you pass the phone to Mommy, then?”
Because of the lingering quietness in the ward, the children's voices, originating from the phone speaker, clearly reverberated beside Madilyn's ears.
Hearing their words and glancing at Roxanne, who was lying on the bed, Madilyn couldn't stop her tears from streaming down her cheeks. She covered her mouth and hastily exited the room to prevent the kids from hearing her sobs. 
###Chapter 1675
Chapter 1675
Chapter 1675 Do Not Have To Apologize
Lucian fell silent for a few moments before saying to them, “Your mommy is busy, but she should be back by tomorrow. We'll call you when we arrive at the airport.”
The kids were worried, as Roxanne had been out of reach for the past few days.
However, after Lucian made the promise that they would be returning the next day, the kids relaxed and said, “Okay. Daddy, you must take good care of Mommy!”
Lucian grunted in acknowledgment. "Give your watch to Ms. Catalina. | need to have a word with her.” He heard a rustling sound before Catalina's voice rang out. “Mr. Lucian.” “How are the children? Did anything unusual happen?” Lucian asked.
Catalina glanced at the children on the couch, taking in their wide, expectant eyes. She recalled the past two days' events and replied, "No. Mr. Archie, Mr. Benny, and Ms. Estella were all very well- behaved.” Then, remembering something, she added, "I believe Mr. Archie and Mr. Benny had a phone conversation with their friend overseas, but I'm not sure what they discussed.”
Lucian pondered over her words for a few moments and confirmed the kids didn't suspect anything. “All right. Please do your best to look after them. Thank you for your dedication.”
“Of course. You and Mrs. Farwell take care, too."
After the call ended, Lucian gazed at Roxanne and reached out to caress her pale cheek. “Did you hear that, Roxanne? The kids are waiting for you to go home. You'll wake up soon, right?”
Roxanne remained motionless, her breathing so light and shallow that it was almost imperceptible. Lucian's fists balled up as he seemed to be struggling to make up his mind.
Madilyn stepped into the ward, her eyes swollen and red from the tears she had shed. Her voice was still unsteady as she asked, "Do the kids know?”
Lucian shook his head. “No. I’ve asked Catalina, and they have yet to suspect anything as long as Roxanne contacts them before tomorrow night.”
Tomorrow night? Madilyn's heart clenched as she started dreading tomorrow.
It was already the second day, so if they still couldn't figure out anything by tomorrow morning, they would have no choice but to agree to Jack's condition.
Madilyn dreaded the thought of Roxanne’s response when the latter eventually regained consciousness, as well as the children's reaction.
Before returning to the country, Archie and Benny held a strong prejudice against Lucian.
It took Lucian a long time to change their minds about him.
If the children discovered he married another woman when Roxanne was severely ill, they would most probably hate him for the rest of his life.
Madilyn felt a heavy burden of guilt settle in her heart as the thought crossed her mind. “I'm sorry,” she muttered, her gaze fixed firmly on the ground. Lucian's brows furrowed slightly, as he had no idea why she would suddenly apologize to him.
Feeling heavy-hearted, Madilyn explained, “Because of what happened six years ago, | was biased against you and assumed you were a b’stard. | even told Roxanne to stay away from you. | had no idea you'd do this for her.”
Lucian's gaze turned dark. “You don't have to apologize to me. It was my fault six years ago. | will make it up to her now.”
Six years ago, | wronged Roxanne. Little did | know that | would be making the same mistake again six years later. If | had been more aware of my emotions and acted on them when | was younger, or if | hod taken it upon myself to set her free when we bumped into each other again after so many years, she would not hove had to go through so much... 
###Chapter 1676
Chapter 1676
Chapter 1676 Giving Up On Himself They both waited hopefully until the afternoon. Time ticked away, and it was soon three in the afternoon. Alas, no one could figure out a way to save Roxanne.
Madilyn felt a wave of anxiety wash over her, and she felt completely lost. Her gaze kept shifting to Lucian. She wanted to ask him what they should do.
Lucian remained unfazed. His face was as cold as ice.
Seeing his reaction, Madilyn blurted out, “Mr. Farwell, are we still going to wait? Should we call Old Mr. Lomax?”
Lucian met her gaze and said firmly, “I need to leave. Take care of Roxanne. I'm not sure when I'll be back.”
Madilyn asked anxiously, “Where are you going at this hour?”
Lucian's gaze landed on Roxanne, who was lying in bed silently. A flash of determination appeared in his eyes and disappeared. “I'm going to Jack”
Madilyn gaped incredulously. “What? Are you seriously going to...”
She trailed off and clenched her jaw. Despite her strong desire to reach out and grab his sleeve to prevent him from leaving, she didn't dare do so, as he seemed really intimidating. She merely gave him a look of disapproval.
“There is still time. Let's wait instead of giving in to Jack now!”
Lucian paid no heed to her and turned to leave. “I can’t wait anymore. It's too risky, and | can't bearthe thought of putting Roxanne's life in danger.”
Madilyn parted her lips, but she couldn't say anything to stop him from leaving.
After all, she knew she would do the same if she were in his shoes.
They couldn't afford to risk Roxanne's life.
Lucian strode out of the ward, his face expressionless. He walked through the corridor, passing by a group of specialists. Everyone couldn't help but wonder what was going on after seeing him.
“Is Mr. Farwell going to give up on Dr. Jarvis? Dr. Jarvis’ condition is deteriorating, but he doesn't seem anxious at all.”
“| don't think so. We saw how distressed he has been in the past few days. He even invited Old Mr. Lomax here. Why would he give up suddenly?”
As the elevator doors slid shut, everyone else raised their voices, eager to discuss the possibilities.
Hearing the commotion, Madilyn marched out of the ward and gave them a pointed look. “Everyone, if you're free, then | suggest getting back to work trying to figure out how to treat Roxanne instead of wasting time gossiping here!”
No one knew better than her that Lucian had never thought about giving up on Roxanne.
He was actually giving up on himself. The specialists were determined to treat Roxanne but couldn't help gossiping when they noticed Lucian leaving. It was normal for Madilyn to lash out at them, and they understood her feelings well. They got back to work instantly.
Madilyn glanced at the elevator, which had finally reached the parking lot level. She then turned to look at her best friend, who was oblivious to everything. The agony that flickered across her face revealed the inner turmoil she was experiencing.
In the parking lot, Lucian sat in his car for a long time without revving up the engine.
He had assumed he could accept the reality as long as Roxanne could survive.
Even though he was on the verge of losing her, Lucian still could not rid himself of his own selfish desires. Is accepting Jack's conditions the only way out?
Lucian waited in the car for almost half an hour, but there was no update. Finally, he pulled out his phone to call Jack. 
###Chapter 1677
Chapter 1677
Chapter 1677 Business Genius
The phone rang for almost one minute before Jack answered the call. “Who is this?” Jack's voice was dripping with arrogance and disdain. Lucian responded calmly, “It's me, Lucian.”
“Oh, it's you,” Jack drawled in exaggeration as though he had just realized who it was. “Mr. Farwell, hello. | thought it was someone else who was rude enough to interrupt me while | was busy working.”
He was saying that Lucian was rude enough to interrupt him at work.
Lucian pretended to be oblivious to Jack's mockery and replied calmly, “It looks like | picked the wrong time to call. Mr. Damaris, if you're occupied, then you can call me back when you're free.”
He fell silent after saying that but didn't end the call.
On the other end of the phone, Jack grew flustered when he heard Lucian indicating that he wanted to end the conversation. “Wait a minute!"
Lucian arched a brow, for Jack's reaction was within his anticipation.
“No matter how busy my schedule may be, | need to make time for you since you took the initiative to call me, Mr. Farwell," Jack sneered. "How can | help you? If my memory serves me correctly, it isn't time yet as we agreed upon three days.”
Lucian was unperturbed. “As long as I'm willing to give in, any day works. | believe you never wanted anything to happen to Roxanne, do you?”
Most of Jack's requests involved Roxanne, so if anything were to happen to her, even if Jack got the research institute for himself, he would never be able to realize its maximum potential.
Hearing that, Jack grew increasingly smug. "You're right, Mr. Farwell. That was what | thought, too.”
Lucian ignored his arrogance and said, “Since we have reached an agreement, are you free tonight? Let's talk in person. Remember to bring the antidote along, Mr. Damaris.”
Jack chuckled. “Of course. | would be delighted to meet with you, Mr. Farwell, at any time that is convenient for you.” They agreed on the time and location before hanging up.
Jack was brimming with conceit as he sat in his chair in the office. "Business genius, huh? He is no match for me!” Having overheard their exchange, Kevin felt a chill go down his spine.
| am astounded that Mr. Damaris had such a callous disregard for human life that he would resort to using a person's life to threaten Mr. Farwell. It is even more distressing that Mr. Farwell proved to be so pliable as to give in to the threat.
"| heard Lucian had brought in specialists from all around the world in an attempt to treat Roxanne, but despite his best efforts, he still required my assistance,” Jack said with disdain. “Didn't | tell him that I'm the only one who has the power to save her since it was me who poisoned her in the first place?”
He then glared at Kevin. “What are you doing? Hurry, reserve a table at the restaurant!”
Kevin snapped out of his reverie and nodded readily. "Got it. Mr. Damaris, I'll go handle it right away!”
He spun on his heels and fled the office.
Kevin closed the door firmly behind him, shutting out the chill of the room and the oppressive atmosphere he had just been subjected to. Taking a deep breath, he allowed himself a moment to relax and gather his composure before leaving to carry out Jack's orders.
After Jack sent Hector away, chaos ensued within Damaris Group. In an effort to regain control, Jack resorted to the use of extreme and forceful methods to restore order within the organization.
Jack took decisive action against those who went against him. Others might have been unhappy with his decisions, but they kept their ions to themselves, not wanting to risk incurring his wrath.
Because of that, Jack started doing as he wished in Damaris Group.
It was only five in the afternoon. He was supposed to attend a meeting in the evening, but he decided to leave the company. He took the antidote with him and strolled out leisurely. 
###Chapter 1678
Chapter 1678
Chapter 1678 Expert
At six in the evening, they met at the restaurant.
Lucian did not have the patience to wait, so he immediately headed there after ending the call.
When Jack arrived, the table in front of him was bare except for a single glass of water.
It was obvious that Lucian had used the same reason to stop the server from serving them the dishes. Jack was inwardly displeased, and his smile was cold.
“I'm pleasantly surprised that you were willing to wait for me, Mr. Farwell”
Jack strode across the room and took his seat two chairs away from Lucian. “You should've let me know if you dislike the food here.”
Lucian glanced at Jack as though he had just realized the latter was around.
“It's not that. | don't think it's necessary to eat here, that's all.” With that, he went straight to the topic. “I've prepared the property transfer agreement for the ten companies. Once you have signed the agreement, you will take possession of the companies. As for the research institute, | have signed the indemnity contract to officially terminate our collaboration. This contract is also included inside.”
He retrieved a file and pushed it to Jack coolly. Jack was surprised to see the file, but it wasn’t long before his expression changed to one of smug satisfaction.
Turns out it's pretty satisfying to see Lucian give in to me! To have the opportunity to get the better of Lucian and make him plead for my help is something that doesn't come around often. | must make the most of it.
He flashed a smirk and pushed the file aside without seeing what was inside.
“If you had known it would come to this, why would you reject me two days ago?” Jack asked. “Didn't you say you'd exhaust your wealth and resources to save Ms. Jarvis? How is she doing now?”
Something glinted across Lucian's eyes when Roxanne was mentioned, but he quickly calmed down. “No matter what, | believe she'll regain consciousness tomorrow as long as you give me the antidote as promised, Mr. Damaris.”
Asmile nudged Jack's lips as he said slowly, “Don't worry. There's no need to rush. | believe you still haven't fulfilled all of my conditions. Once everything is done, I'll deliver the antidote to you.”
Lucian's gaze swept over him.
The expression on Jack's face was one of haughty confidence and conceit.
He looks certain that | have no choice but to ask for his help.
Lucian had been mentally preparing himself to accept his condition before he arrived at this location. However, upon his arrival, he found himself unable to say so.
“| heard that you had hired many experienced doctors to diagnose Ms. Jarvis. It looks like she's still unconscious now. It seems that those foolish doctors have yet to determine how my drug functions, huh? It's no surprise that the medical industry is in such a state. Anyone can call themselves an expert as long as they have worked in the field for a long period of time.” Realizing he had gone off-topic, Jack snorted. “Don't worry. Even if they managed to find the root of the problem, that doesn't mean they can find a solution. | had to peruse the ancient medicine books of the Damaris family extensively before | could develop this drug!”
Comprehension dawned on Lucian.
No wonder Old Mr. Lomax couldn't locate the antidote despite his extensive study of medical books, as it was revealed that the solution lies solely within the ancient medicine books of the Damaris family. It is not surprising that this information was not documented in other sources. 
###Chapter 1679
Chapter 1679
Chapter 1679 High And Mighty
After Jack explained about the drug he developed, he asked cheerily, “So, Mr. Farwell? Have you considered my third condition?”
Despite his initial shock, Lucian regained his composure and met Jack's gaze calmly. “You have my word.”
Jack was still unsatisfied. “Just that? What about proof? Without proof, how can | be sure that you are not lying to me? | trust your character, but | went through a lot of effort to create the antidote. | don't want to get tricked.”
Lucian furrowed his brows. “What kind of proof do you need?”
Jack arched a brow and said readily, "A marriage certificate, of course. It's too late now. The City Hall should be closed. If you announce to the public that you're marrying someone else, I'll take that, too.”
With that, he shot Lucian a provoking look.
Jack knew precisely which condition was most unacceptable to Lucian, so he was eager to observe Lucian's distress after he brought up the condition again.
/ will certainly relish the sight of the high and mighty CEO of Farwell Group suffering before me! “All right.” Lucian nodded calmly.
Jack frowned as surprise and displeasure flitted across his gaze. “What did you just say?”
He did not expect Lucian's reaction and was thoroughly disappointed.
This is the moment I've been eagerly anticipating. How could Lucian be this calm? Why isn't he hesitating or experiencing any reservations about having to leave Roxanne? How could he say yes so easily?
Amocking grin played on Lucian's lips. “I've already considered the three conditions carefully and made up my mind before asking to meet you. However, it was a careless mistake on my part, as | didn't get the proof ready for you. I'll leave to take care of it right away.”
He then got up to leave.
He didn't show any signs of begging for mercy and portrayed an air of superiority as if he had complete command of the situation.
Jack's face contorted in fury as he watched Lucian leave. “F*ck! F*ckhim!”
Along while later, he rose to his feet and, in a fit of rage, sent all the items on the table crashing to the floor with a powerful sweep of his arm.
The glass shattered into hundreds of tiny shards as it hit the ground with an almighty crash.
Outside, the server heard the commotion. Concerned that some sort of accident might have occurred, he rushed in to investigate.
However, he was met with an enraged Jack. “Who allowed you to come in? Get out!”
The server trembled in fear and nodded profusely before leaving Jack alone.
Another ruckus sounded in the room.
Jack would flip the table over if he could.
Lucian had to ask for my help. Who does he think he is? How could he act all arrogant? After losing the ten subsidiaries, Farwell Group is likely to suffer a steep decline that would soon bring him down to the some level as the Damaris family. Despite this, he had the nerve to come to me with such confidence!
Jack returned to his seat, his face flushed with anger. His fury only subsided when he remembered that Lucian was about to marry someone else soon.
So what if Lucian acts all high and mighty? He'll have to listen to me in the end. After he marries someone else, there will be no going back. I'll figure out a way to win Roxanne's heart and trample Lucian beneath my feet! 
###Chapter 1680
Chapter 1680
Chapter 1680 Marry Him As Soon As Possible At seven that evening, Lucian's car rolled to a stop before the Farwell main residence.
The house was brightly lit. Lucian sat in the car for a few minutes before eventually stepping out, his footsteps echoing loudly off the pavement.
He walked from the gate to the door of the main building.
On the way, he didn't forget to recompose himself.
"Mr. Lucian.” The butler came out to greet him. “Mr. and Mrs. Farwell are having dinner inside.” Lucian nodded and headed into the mansion with him.
Inside, he saw Sonya and Elias sitting at the dining table.
Sonya and Elias appeared to be discussing something, with Sonya seemingly unhappy and Elias seemingly powerless to do anything.
Upon spotting Lucian, Elias asked, "What brings you here? Have you had anything to eat? If not, want to join us?” Lucian nodded and settled in the seat across from Sonya.
Sonya parted her lips and said, “You came at the right time. Your dad and | were talking about Elektra. You remember her, right? She's from the Lane family and grew up with you.”
Lucian belatedly remembered such a person existed after hearing his mother's words. They had indeed grown up together, but the Lane family had gone overseas a few years ago.
“Elektra came back a few days ago and was telling us she wanted to meet you but didn't know when you would be free,” Sonya continued. “I think she's a great match for you and would be a lot better than Roxanne. She's kind and gentle, so you won't have to worry about her causing trouble like Aubree!”
She had been trying to explain her view to Elias, but he held fast to his own thought and thought her to be wrong. That was why the atmosphere seemed tense earlier.
Elias thought she shouldn't be saying that and interjected, “Stop interfering in Lucian’s relationship. It has been years since they last met, so Elektra might not think that way!”
Sonya huffed in displeasure. “Lucian is a capable man! Even if Elektra doesn't have feelings for him now, if they spend more time together, her feelings for him may develop and grow over time! How can you be sure she doesn't love him?”
They started arguing again and completely forgot about Lucian.
“You can talk to her,” Lucian suddenly said.
Silence fell after he said those words.
Both Sonya and Elias gazed at him in disbelief.
“What did you just say?” Elias was the first to regain his composure. He frowned as he put his fork down.
Lucian reiterated, “Since you both think she's nice, you can approach her. | have no ions if she's interested in becoming my wife.”
The reason he came to Sonya was that Aubree was the only woman he had been in contact with over the years. Despite agreeing with Jack's condition to marry another woman, he couldn't find any suitable candidate.
He had to seek his mother's help.
She had never liked Roxanne and would definitely look around for other suitable women.
Be it Elektra or another woman, he didn't mind, for they weren't Roxanne.
AU he needed was a woman who would marry him as soon as possible.
Sonya and Elias shared a look before giving Lucian a pointed one.
They refused to believe that he would suddenly change his mind.
“So, you want to marry Elektra now? But what about Roxanne? | thought you were adamant about marrying her a while ago. And what about Essie?” Elias asked sternly. 
###Chapter 1681
Chapter 1681
Chapter 1681 Your Own Decision
Lucian's gaze darkened slightly when Elias mentioned Roxanne. However, he concealed it and recomposed himself before his parents noticed it.
“I'll ask Essie first. But if she wants to be with her mother, | won't stop her.” Lucian only mentioned his arrangement for Estella and said nothing about Roxanne.
Sonya felt even more incredulous when she heard that Lucian had even thought about whether he was going to keep Estella or let her go-
“What's with you today, Lucian? Are you feeling sick? Do you have a fever?” Sonya asked. Although I've never liked Roxanne, | know Lucian is obsessed with her. In fact, no one knows that better than me! | was prepared for a long battle. Why is he giving up so easily? Could this be a trick or something?
Lucian looked at her with a plain expression and asked in a deep voice, “Haven't you been wishing to see me marry another woman? Why are you reacting this way now that I'm giving in?”
Sonya was rendered speechless. Nonetheless, she still felt something was amiss, so she shot Elias a glance. Elias looked at Lucian concernedly and asked, “Did something happen? Did you have a fight with Roxanne?” That was what Elias had in mind because he couldn't think of another reason for his son's behavior.
Lucian didn't comment on that. Instead, he urged Sonya, “I don't have her contact, so please help me contact her and ask her to come over. Or maybe | can go over to look for her.”
Sonya's eyes were filled with confusion. “I'm only saying this tonight. After tonight, | might change my mind.” Lucian turned to meet Sonya's gaze.
Sonya was still hesitating. It's true. I've always wanted him to marry someone else. However... something is definitely wrong with Lucian tonight.
“What happened, Lucian? Tell us. Even if | can’t help you, maybe your dad can!” Sonya asked patiently because she wanted to get to the bottom of it.
Lucian's patience was running thin. He instantly put down his fork and said, “Since you're not going to help, I'll do it myself.”
Sonya grew anxious when she saw him walking toward the door. She quickly agreed to it and said, “All right! I'll call Elektra and ask her to come over!”
With that, she whipped out her phone to ring Elektra. The call got through after just a few rings.
With a scowl on her face, Sonya asked, “Are you free now, Elektra? You've been wanting to see Lucian ever since you came back, right?
He's here with me now. Would you like to come over?”
That was the first time Sonya had asked to meet someone during dinnertime.
Fortunately for Sonya, Elektra didn't mind one bit. In fact, Elektra was elated when she heard she could see Lucian. Needless to say, she agreed to go over.
Upon hanging up the phone, Sonya looked at Lucian helplessly and said, “Elektra said she's coming over. Sit down and have some food.”
After saying that, she sighed worriedly. What exactly happened? Why did Lucian change so suddenly? Lucian kept mum and sat in the same spot as before.
Sonya glanced at Lucian before shooting Elias a look. She knew Lucian wouldn't listen to whatever she had to say, so she hoped that Elias could get some answers out of Lucian.
To her dismay, Elias merely stared at Lucian with a grim expression and rose to his feet. “It's your decision, so I'm not going to intervene, but you have to be responsible for your own decision.”
With that, he turned around and went upstairs. 
###Chapter 1682
Chapter 1682
Chapter 1682 Marriage Certificate
Lucian and Sonya sat in the living room and waited for Elektra. Neither of them uttered a word to the other.
After some time, they heard noises coming from the door. Sonya glanced at Lucian before standing up to greet the guest. “Mrs. Farwell,” the guest greeted.
An elegant woman was seen walking in through the main entrance. Not only did the woman have a nice smile, but she also had a gentle voice. In fact, she seemed like a cultured and educated girl.
In a dark green dress, Elektra was holding a white purse in one hand and Sonya's arm affectionately in the other. Ever since she returned to the country, she had met up with Sonya a few times, so they were close.
Obviously, Sonya liked Elektra and thought Elektra would make a perfect daughter-in-law.
"I'm so sorry for asking to see you at such an odd time. Have you had your dinner?" Sonya asked with a smile. Elektra returned with a smile of her own and replied, "It's all right. I'm on a diet. | don't eat at night.”
The two of them entered the living room.
When Lucian heard them approaching, he rose to his feet and greeted the guest gentlemanly.
“It's been a while, Lucian. You look so mature now.” Admiration flashed across Elektra's eyes when she saw Lucian. They had parted when they were both still teenagers.
Over the years, Elektra had seen Lucian on the television frequently, and she knew he had changed a lot. However, only when she saw him in person did she realize how much he had changed.
Lucian politely reached out to shake her hand. “Indeed, it's been a while. You look prettier now.”
Elektra smiled sheepishly in response.
Sonya had forgotten all about her bafflement from earlier on when she saw the two of them interacting harmoniously. With a smile, she said, “You guys talk, okay? I'll make some coffee.”
She turned around and left to give them some privacy. Elektra sat down on the couch next to Lucian and sized him up.
She had been spending time with Sonya over the past couple of days, so she had heard quite a bit about what was going on between Lucian and Roxanne. Now that | see him, it's really hard to imagine him doing those things for a woman. Besides, why is he seeing me? Is he not worried about Ms. Jarvis misunderstanding the situation?
At that moment, Elektra's gaze was filled with puzzlement.
"Do you have a boyfriend or someone you're into?” Lucian asked straightforwardly.
Elektra was dumbfounded when she heard the question, and she cast him a confused glance. Isn't that a private question? Why is Lucian asking me that the minute he sees me?
Upon seeing the earnest expression on Lucian's face, Elektra instinctively became serious as well. “N-No... What's up?” "What do you think about me? If you don't mind, we can get our marriage certificates right away.”
Elektra got even more confused. What's happening? We've only met each other, and he's already asking me to marry him. If | remember correctly, Sonya told me Lucian is in love with someone. If that's the case, why is he doing this? Besides, where are we supposed to go to get our marriage certificates at night?
“L-Lucian, have you been drinking? Do you know what you're talking about?” she asked. With a straight face, Lucian answered, “I haven't been drinking.” Elektra could not wrap her head around it when she heard his answer.
In a deep voice, Lucian said, “That's the reason | asked to see you. You can give it some thought whether you want to marry me or not.” 
###Chapter 1683
Chapter 1683
Chapter 1683 Does Essie Know Elektra didn't know how to respond, as Lucian seemed adamant about getting married.
At that moment, Sonya was leaving the kitchen after preparing the coffee. When she heard what Lucian said, she couldn't help but be astounded. / thought Lucian said those words in a fit of rage. That’s why | thought he would change his mind the moment he saw Elektra. However, he’s actually doing it! Furthermore, he's being so straightforward!
“Lucian, are you facing some difficulties? Otherwise, why would you suddenly ask me to marry you?” Elektra regained her senses, and a guess slowly surfaced in her mind. Something must've happened, and Lucian is forced to do this. What could it be?
Sonya halted in her tracks when she heard Elektra's question. She also threw Lucian a confused glance. I've been asking him that question, and | couldn't get an answer out of him. Now, even Elektra thinks something has happened. That has to be the case, then! Will he tell Elektra the truth?
Sonya waited by the entrance of the kitchen.
She had thought she could eavesdrop on their conversation. To her surprise, Lucian suddenly turned toward her and met her gaze.
Sonya froze momentarily before coming back to her senses and serving them the drinks nonchalantly. “I made coffee for you guys. Have some while you guys talk.”
Then she sat down next to them. “Please give us some privacy. | need to speak privately with Ms. Lane,” Lucian uttered in a deep voice.
As soon as those words fell, Sonya froze, and her expression stiffened. “What do you want to talk to her about? Why must you hide it from me?”
Naturally, Sonya was displeased. However, Lucian wasn't keen on explaining himself. For a moment, the atmosphere in the room became tense.
Feeling the tension, Elektra quickly said, “Mrs. Farwell, | suddenly feel like eating the finger food you make. Would you mind making some for me?”
Only then did Sonya give in and say, “Carry on, then. I'll make some finger food for you.”
After saying that, Sonya went back to the kitchen reluctantly.
Lucian and Elektra continued talking after Sonya left.
While Sonya was making finger food in the kitchen, she tried her best to listen in on their conversation, but to no avail.
Half an hour later, Sonya couldn't take it anymore. She stopped what she was doing and wanted to check on them. Unexpectedly, she saw them standing up and seemingly leaving the moment she left the kitchen.
“What's the matter?” Sonya looked at them in confusion.
“Mrs. Farwell, I'm sorry, but I'm in a rush. | won't be able to eat those finger food today. Please save some for me, and I'll come again another day.” Elektra smiled.
In a rush? Sonya threw Lucian a suspicious look.
Upon meeting her gaze, Lucian said flatly, “I'm bringing her to the City Hall to collect our marriage certificates. I've already contacted the City Hall, and they told me they would wait half an hour for us.”
He turned to look at Elektra, signaling for her to pick up the pace.
No one knew what they had talked about, but Elektra had a natural expression on her face. In fact, she even picked up her purse cooperatively and rushed toward Lucian.
Just like that, they walked toward the door, one after another.
Sonya was undeniably happy to see his son fulfilling her wishes by marrying another woman. However, she could not help but find it weird.
"Why are you in such a rush? Does Essie know about this?” Sonya chased after Lucian.
Without turning back, Lucian answered, ‘I'll tell her after | collect the marriage certificate.” 
###Chapter 1684
Chapter 1684
Chapter 1684 Found Someone So Quickly The two of them got into the car right away.
When they were on their way to the City Hall, Elektra was still in utter disbelief. Did | reallyjustsayyes to him? I'm getting married to my childhood sweetheart whom | haven't seen in years. This is surreal!
Lucian noticed she was lost in thoughts, so he asked, “What's on your mind?”
Elektra snapped out of her reverie and smiled nonchalantly. "Nothing. This feels like a dream. Besides, | didn't know the Farwell family is so influential that even the working hours for the City Hall can be altered.”
“| just need someone to stamp a seal. Besides, I'm merely asking one of them to help, so it's not a big deal.”
Elektra smiled and went silent.
Half an hour later, they arrived in front of the City Hall on the dot, and both of them went in to receive their marriage certificates. After exiting the City Hall, Lucian drove slowly toward the Damaris residence.
Instead of reacting to the direction they were driving in, Elektra was merely looking at her marriage certificate curiously.
“We're here,” Lucian said in a deep voice after they arrived at the
Damaris residence.
Elektra hummed an acknowledgment, passed Lucian her marriage certificate, and watched him stuff it into his pocket. The two then entered the residence.
“Mr. Farwell?” Ever since what had happened the last time, the butler had been traumatized. He didn't dare to stop Lucian when he saw his arrival.
Fortunately for the butler, Lucian halted in his tracks voluntarily and said, “I'm here to see Mr. Damaris. Let him know I'm here. He'll want to see me.”
Upon hearing that, the butler heaved a sigh of relief inwardly before promptly agreeing. The butler went inside and reported, “Mr. Damaris, Mr. Farwell is here. H-He brought a woman along...”
Jack had just returned from the hotel, and he still had rage boiling within him. Before Lucian arrived, Jack had been drinking on his own expressionlessly.
When Jack heard the butler, a meaningful look appeared in his eyes. He then ordered the others to keep the alcohol aside before instructing, “Invite them in!”
The butler agreed and went out to welcome the guests.
Not long after, Lucian and Elektra appeared before Jack.
Jack sized Elektra up and smiled. “You have good taste in women,
Mr. Farwell! You managed to find yourself such an elegant and cultured lady within a short time. You're indeed incredible, Mr. Farwell.”
The moment Elektra saw Jack, she could feel the dangerous aura Jack was exuding. Slightly terrified, she stood behind Lucian warily.
Jack let out a cold snort when he saw how Elektra was acting. “Mr. Farwell, have you been secretively hanging out with the candidates Mdm. Songsler lined up for you while Ms. Jarvis was awake?
Otherwise, how could you have found someone so quickly? Could it be that this lady here is eager to marry into the Farwell family?”
Lucian's expression turned solemn. “You're free to insult me, Mr. Damaris, but don't insult the person next to me.” He took a step back and introduced Elektra to Jack. “This is Elektra Lane, and we grew up together. The Lanes went overseas a few years ago, and Elektra followed her family there. She only returned to the country a couple of days ago. You're right. She's an elegant and cultured lady, so | think you should choose your words wisely, Mr. Damaris.”
Not only did Lucian introduce Elektra to Jack, but Lucian was also warning him.
The Farwell family had a good relationship with the Lane family. Having spent a few years overseas, the Lane family had become a force to be reckoned with.
Although the Farwell family couldn't do much if Jack were to treat Elektra poorly, the Lane family would definitely have a go at Jack. 
###Chapter 1685
Chapter 1685
Chapter 1685 Where Is The Thing | Want
Lucian's warning had evidently served its purpose. Faced with Elektra before him, Jack was now much more disciplined than before.
Elektra greeted graciously with a smile, “Nice to meet you, Mr. Damaris. I've heard a lot about you.”
Jack got up and extended his arm courteously for a handshake. "You're so beautiful, Ms. Lane. You sure complement Mr. Farwell so well. Even your family background is similar to his. You two sure are a match made in heaven! | doubt you'll invite me to your wedding, so I'll give you my blessings first!" Then, he shifted his sarcasm- filled eyes to Lucian. “There's a good catch close to you, Mr.
Farwell. Why do you have to be so obsessed over Ms. Jarvis? There wouldn't be so many problems if you had chosen Ms. Lane from the beginning!”
Lucian looked at him coldly. “I've brought her here. Where's the thing | want?”
Jack snickered. "Be patient. What | want to see isn't her.”
An icy glint flashed across the eyes of both men.
Lucian pulled out a marriage certificate expressionlessly, and Jack reached out for it.
However, Lucian did not seem to have noticed that and instead walked past Jack and put the marriage certificate on the coffee table.
Jack's face darkened drastically as his hand was left empty mid-air. Nonetheless, the instant he caught sight of Elektra at the side, he immediately recovered his composure. A hint of contentment crept up his face.
It doesn't matter what kind of attitude he gives! He has already lost! Jack broke into a smirk. He turned around and strolled to the coffee table to pick up the marriage certificate. The moment he saw the photo and the official seal on the marriage certificate, he grew even smugger.
“Tsk! Just look at this well-taken photo! Both Mr. and Mrs. Farwell are very photogenic indeed!” Upon saying that, he shook his head regretfully. “Then again, this is a marriage certificate. Why aren't the two of you smiling? Those who have no idea what's going on will probably think that someone forced you two into this marriage!”
The faces of Lucian and Elektra clouded over when they heard Jack use “Mrs. Farwell” in his remarks. Elektra turned to Lucian, thinking that he would do something.
Unexpectedly, Lucian had already kept his temper in check. His face was devoid of expression as he fixed his eyes on Jack. “Mr. Damaris, isn't the marriage certificate what you want? Nothing else really matters that much, no? No one else, other than the few of us here, will get to see this thing anyway.”
No matter what kind of blatant provocation Jack made, Lucian was unaffected. Feeling bored, he ultimately returned the marriage
certificate to Elektra, who received it and kept it away.
“You've seen what you wanted, Mr. Damaris. Now then, it's time you give me what | want,” Lucian uttered grimly.
Jack turned around unhurriedly, opened the drawer, and took out a small glass bottle.
It was a transparent bottle, and in it was a colorless and transparent liquid. At one glance, it looked like a serum—the kind women used in their skincare routine.
“Here.”
Jack held the bottle out to Lucian. He was about to flaunt his remarkable medical skills again, but Lucian snatched it away before he could do so.
The crease on Lucian's brows deepened as he scrutinized the bottle in his grip seriously.
Since he barely had any medical knowledge, there was no way he could tell if the bottle of transparent liquid was the so-called antidote.
"Since you did as | said, Mr. Farwell, rest assured. I'm a man of my word. That is the antidote for Ms. Jarvis. She'll regain consciousness as long as you feed it to her.” A hint of displeasure surged within Jack, but he quickly suppressed his emotions. “Ms. Jarvis is my business partner, after all. There's no reason I'd harm her.”
Instead of uttering a response, Lucian shot Jack an unfathomable look before he took Elektra with him and strode off. 
###Chapter 1686
Chapter 1686
Chapter 1686 A Real Marriage Looking at Lucian's and Elektra's retreating backs, Jack felt another wave of vexation wash over him.
He furrowed his brows and muttered to himself, “Childhood sweethearts? The Lane family? Isn't that too much of a coincidence?”
Regarding Lucian's love for Roxanne, Jack was not at all doubtful about it. After all, he figured that Lucian would not have agreed to his request if that was not the case.
Yet, he thought Elektra's sudden appearance at this juncture was too much of a coincidence, so much that he could not help but feel suspicious.
After some deliberation, Jack decided to call Kevin over. “Go and find out who exactly Elektra Lane is.” | must find out the truth so that | can feel assured.
That very night, Kevin began his extensive search on Elektra.
In less than half an hour, he retrieved some results.
“Mr. Damaris, I've found it. As Mr. Farwell said, Elektra is indeed the daughter of the Lane family. The Lane family and the Farwell family are considered family friends. A few years ago, the Lanes decided to go overseas, and Elektra followed along too. However, there aren't any clues as to why she's back recently,” Kevin conveyed the investigation findings to Jack respectfully.
Despite the lengthy report, Jack did not hear anything related to the marriage. He knitted his brows in dismay. “What about the marriage between the Farwell family and the Lane family? It's such a big matter. There's no way the Lanes didn't show any response whatsoever!”
If I'm right, any family will be eager to announce it to the whole world if their daughter gets to marry Lucian. How is it possible that there's no news from the Lane family?
Jack was particularly suspicious about that.
Kevin recalled his investigation findings and said cautiously, “I didn't discover any reaction from the Lanes to the marriage news while | was investigating. It's almost as if they didn't know about the marriage...”
Jack narrowed his eyes pensively. “No reaction? Perhaps they're really clueless about this matter?”
And one possible reason why they're clueless is that Lucian and Elektra haven't had time to inform them. Then again, it's also possible that... this marriage is merely a ruse!
Kevin was stunned to hear those words. Marriage is such an important matter. How can they not inform their family about it?
Jack stayed silent for a long while, seemingly pondering over something. Frustration engulfed him initially, but that soon transformed into contempt and disdain. “Get someone to continue keeping an eye on the Lanes.”
Even though Kevin did not quite understand Jack's meaning, he politely nodded regardless and immediately left to execute the order.
With that, Jack was the only one left in the living room.
At the thought of Kevin's findings report, Jack curled the corners of his lips into a cold smile.
How interesting is it that the Lane family doesn't know about the marriage? Don't tell me the CEO of Farwell Group actually got driven to the edge of the cliff by me and had to fake his marriage? Or did Elektra and him agree to a paper marriage? But if that's the case, | wonder what he did to win over the heiress of the Lane family. Her family background is so prominent, so why is she willing to be his nominal wife? Or should | say, is Lucian really that charming? Anyway, none of this matters. Whether or not it's a real marriage, I'll find out sooner or later by monitoring the Lane family's response. If Lucian dares to deceive me regarding this matter...
Jack narrowed his eyes dangerously.
That bottle he gave Lucian was indeed the antidote that could save Roxanne.
Nevertheless, it was impossible to entirely remove the toxins in Roxanne's body based on just that tiny bottle of antidote alone. The amount in that bottle was only one-fifth of the dosage and was enough to keep Roxanne conscious for some time.
After the antidote effects wear off, if Lucian keeps his promise and leaves Roxanne, I'll naturally let Roxanne have the remaining dosage. But if he dares to lie to me, I'll make sure he has to beg me for help by then! 
###Chapter 1687
Chapter 1687
Chapter 1687 If We Delay Any Longer
After leaving the Damaris residence, Lucian did not even spare time to send Elektra home and brought her to the hospital instead.
As she sat in the rear passenger seat and observed how worried he looked through the rearview mirror, she could not help sighing inwardly. So, it turns out that everything Sonya told me previously is true. | can't believe he'd love someone to this extent.
Her realization of how strong his love was for Roxanne only piqued her curiosity about what sort of woman Roxanne was. Even though he was taking her to the hospital in the middle of the night, she did not utter a single complaint.
It was only after Lucian had sped all the way to the hospital that he realized he had forgotten to send Elektra home. Things had been so busy over the past few days that he could hardly think straight. He said apologetically, “I'm sorry for troubling you to come with me to get the marriage certificate at such a late hour, then bringing you here to the hospital. If you don't mind waiting in the car for a while, I'll ask my assistant to come over and take you home.”
Elektra chuckled unconcernedly. Lifting her gaze to look toward the hospital, she replied lightly, “No. | want to go in and see the woman who's capable of making you care so deeply about her.” Then she turned to Lucian with a smile. "You don't mind, do you?”
The pair looked at each other for a few seconds. She could see his gaze gradually soften when she mentioned Roxanne, and her curiosity heightened.
“Part of the reason | managed to obtain this bottle of antidote is because of you. In a way, you have a part in saving Roxanne. She should thank you personally,” he answered in a deep voice.
Upon hearing his response, Elektra could not resist saying teasingly, “Really? Aren't you afraid she'll get jealous when she wakes up and sees you with another woman? No woman can bear such a shock, no?”
The mere thought of waking up after being unconscious for three or four days to see the man she loved standing next toa strange woman was too much for Elektra, let alone that it was the reality Roxanne was about to face.
Lucian smiled calmly. “Roxanne isn't like that, so you don't have to worry. Since you wish to meet her, you should go in with me.” After saying that, he turned and led the way without waiting for her to respond.
She was momentarily surprised. Recalling what Lucian had said earlier, she could not suppress her curiosity and hurried after him.
As soon as the pair exited the elevator, they saw Madilyn quietly wiping her tears next to the door of the ward.
She had been tending to Roxanne inside the room and working with the specialists to help Roxanne regain consciousness. But no matter how hard they tried, their efforts had been futile. In fact, Roxanne's condition had even worsened! The sky was pitch- black, and it was going to be morning soon. However, they had yet to make any progress.
Unable to bear staying in the ward any longer, she had left the room in despair and gone out to the corridor to compose herself. However, try as she might, she could not stop her tears from flowing.
When she saw Lucian walking out of the elevator, she was stunned for a few seconds. Then she rushed forward anxiously and grabbed his arm. “How did it go, Mr. Farwell? Have you thought of a way to save Roxanne? There's no time left! If we delay any longer...”
/ know the only way he can save Roxanne is to comply with Jack's wishes and marry someone else, but | can't worry about that anymore! If we delay any longer, she'll die!
When Lucian noticed her red-rimmed eyes, his gaze dimmed with concern. “What happened? Did her condition worsen again?”
He could not think of another reason that could have caused Madilyn to cry so bitterly. 
###Chapter 1688
Chapter 1688
Chapter 1688 Let Her Take The Antidote
Madilyn turned to glance in the direction of the ward while struggling to steady her tearful voice. “It was just hardening of the blood vessels at first, but the effect of the treatment these few days has been little to none. Now, several blood spots have appeared...”
Alook of shock and distress filled his eyes when he heard that. He pulled her hand away and strode into the ward.
Inside the room, a group of specialists had gathered around Roxanne. They wore expressions of helplessness and pity.
“How is she?” Lucian asked coldly.
The specialists bowed their heads, not knowing how to respond. They were afraid of incurring Lucian's wrath if they told the truth.
Having followed him into the room, Elektra felt a chill run down her spine when she saw the anger on his face. Nonetheless, she calmly reminded him, “Lucian, hurry up and give Ms. Jarvis the antidote.”
Everyone suddenly took notice of her presence, and their gazes shifted between her and Lucian as they wondered who she was.
Madilyn followed them into the room. She had noticed the woman while they were standing in the corridor but had been far too worried about Roxanne's condition to ask about her. However, after hearing the woman address Lucian as though they knew each other very well, she could not help feeling sorry for her best friend.
Madilyn's eyes flashed with hostility as she asked, “Who are you?” Elektra was taken aback. Knowing that Madilyn had misunderstood, she smiled and replied, “Let's return to that question later. The most pressing matter now is to let Ms. Jarvis take the antidote.”
Antidote? Madilyn's expression stiffened, then turned into a look of distress. IfCayden has obtained the antidote, that means he has married another woman. | guess it must be her.
Nonetheless, she knew he had done so to save her best friend's life, so she could not say anything. All she could do was keep the pain she felt to herself.
“You should do it.” Lucian had walked over without her realizing it and was holding out a clear bottle.
Madilyn raised her hand and took it from him in a daze, her heart welling up with sadness. “Mr. Farwell, are you trying to avoid arousing suspicion?”
Otherwise, why would he entrust such an important task to me?
His brows drew together in a slight frown. In a low voice, he replied, “I don't know much about pharmacology. Since you're a doctor, it'd probably be safer if you did it.”
After saying that, he turned and strode back to the hospital bed. For a moment, Madilyn felt at a loss. She turned her head to look at Elektra, then glanced at Roxanne on the hospital bed. A trace of hesitation flitted across her eyes. When Roxanne wakes up and learns of the news, | wonder how she ‘ll take it.
However, she only hesitated for a split second before quickly walking forward. Roxanne is in no condition to wait while | get the details of what happened. We'll deal with it after she takes the antidote.
“Mr. Farwell, could you please help to lift her?” She stood next to the bed, assuming a professional attitude.
Little by little, Madilyn poured the antidote into Roxanne's mouth. She had only gotten halfway through when the latter's face suddenly turned pale.
Madilyn's heart sank, and she quickly stopped feeding her friend the antidote with a conflicted look in her eyes. She appears as though she's in just as much pain as the other night! The poison is acting up again!
“What's happening?” Lucian had also noticed the unusual reaction. His panic was almost palpable around him, yet he held Roxanne as gently as ever for fear of accidentally hurting her while she lay unconscious. 
###Chapter 1689
Chapter 1689
Chapter 1689 A Risk | Have To Take
Madilyn's voice trembled a little. “The poison is acting up again, and this time, more violently than before.” Lucian tightened his grip when he heard what she said. “Why is this happening?”
He had witnessed it himself when the poison flared up previously.
Madilyn is now saying that this time is worse than the last!
The person in his arms seemed to be in extreme pain. Despite being in his embrace, she was still shivering, her face ghastly white.
“Roxanne...” Lucian's voice grew strained, and there was a trace of imperceptible panic in his eyes.
I've already brought the antidote over. Why is this still happening?
“What should we do now? Is the antidote useless?” He lifted his gaze to stare at the group of specialists by the hospital bed. The specialists exchanged glances.
After some time, Madilyn uttered through gritted teeth, "This is supposed to be the time when the poison flares up, and it's already the third day.”
Midnight. Jack timed it to the second. If | wait until morning, I'm afraid Roxanne won't be able to hold on anymore! That realization caused a wave of fear to wash over Lucian.
Asteely look flashed across Madilyn's eyes. “We must get Roxanne to consume the antidote as soon as possible. She has no choice except to put up with the pain!”
She was well aware of the suffering Roxanne was presently experiencing, but there was no other way!
“What must | do?”
Apart from cooperating, Lucian did not know what else he could do. He could only hate himself for being helpless. Madilyn leaned over again and aimed the flask at Roxanne's mouth. “Hold her down. Don't let her struggle!”
He responded with a grunt. Then, he gazed at the woman in his arms, who was in pain, and held her limbs in place. Meanwhile, Madilyn was trying to get Roxanne to drink the antidote.
She tried for some time but with no success.
Roxanne had gritted her teeth firmly as she struggled with the excruciating pain, and she reflexively resisted everything that tried to enter her mouth with her tongue.
As there was so little antidote, Madilyn immediately stopped when she saw that her best friend was not cooperating after two attempts.
“What's the problem?” When Lucian saw her stop what she was doing, yet the antidote in her hand was still unfinished, he grew anxious.
Madilyn's expression was somber. “Roxanne is rejecting the antidote. | can't get her to take it.”
Lucian's eyes instantly darkened when he heard that. “Is there no other way to get the antidote's effects?”
Madilyn shook her head. “The concentration of this antidote is too high to meet the conditions for injection, so it can only be taken orally...”
After saying that, she anxiously glanced at her best friend.
/ honestly have no idea how to get Roxanne to take the antidote in this circumstance.
Lucian stretched his hand out toward her. “Give it to me!”
Madilyn understood what he meant almost immediately, but she frowned and withdrew her hand to avoid his hand that was about to take the antidote.
“We still don't know the composition of Jack's antidote. What if it causes damage to our body if we drink it rashly...”
Jack used traditional medicine with unidentified compositions. No one can guarantee that he's using one poison to combat another.
However, Lucian had already placed Roxanne on the bed and approached Madilyn. “It's a risk | have to take! Give it to me!” he demanded in a tone that left no room for argument.
Madilyn's eyes flickered, but she ultimately handed him the antidote after glancing at Roxanne's anguished expression.
Everyone witnessed Lucian pouring the remaining antidote into his mouth without hesitation before leaning over and drawing Roxanne into his arms. He forced her to open her mouth by pinching her cheek with his other hand before slowly pressing his lips against hers. 
###Chapter 1690
Chapter 1690
Chapter 1690 | Am Just Here To Help
Only after Roxanne had swallowed the remaining antidote did Lucian finally let go of her.
Everyone also heaved a sigh of relief.
It was apparent that the antidote had lessened Roxanne's suffering, though her brows remained slightly furrowed.
Madilyn's tone also softened significantly. “The antidote is taking effect.” After saying that, she raised her head and glanced at the specialists on the other side. “Thank you, everyone. You can all go and get some rest. I'll handle it from here.”
The specialists, who had indeed been working nonstop for several days, excused themselves and turned to leave after hearing what she said.
Only Roxanne, Madilyn, and Lucian were left in the ward in the end. The situation earlier was so chaotic that Elektra stayed at the doorway, not daring to go closer.
Now that Roxanne's condition had stabilized and everyone had left, she slowly made her way over to the bed and stopped, curiously staring at the person lying there.
The woman on the bed had an exquisite face. Even though she was unconscious and ghastly pale, she gave off a comfortable and pleasant feeling to anyone that looked at her.
Even Elektra, who was meeting Roxanne for the first time, could not help but feel awful for her after seeing her and remembering what she had been through earlier.
She was even more shocked to see Lucian feeding Roxanne the antidote without a care for his safety. I can't believe he can love someone to such an extent.
At the same time, she also fully understood why Aubree had failed after waiting for six years.
In the face of such love, she has no chance of winning at all.
After glancing at Roxanne, who was still unconscious, and then at Lucian, who could not conceal his worry at her side, Elektra came to terms with it.
Initially, the Lane family was considering a marriage arrangement with the Farwell family. However, she now no longer had such thoughts. All she could do was withdraw into the role of Lucian's close friend and help him when he needed it.
"The antidote may not kick in so quickly,” Madilyn explained softly. After saying that, she shifted her gaze to Elektra. "| didn't have time earlier, so now I'd like to ask, what's going on between you two?”
Madilyn refused to believe that Lucian would marry another woman so easily after seeing everything he had done for her best friend earlier.
Moreover, Elektra had shown little reaction when Lucian fed the antidote to Roxanne just now. At most, she had only seemed a little shocked.
But if they aren't married, how could Jack give them the antidote?
Madilyn was filled with confusion. Elektra met her gaze and explained softly, “Don't worry. I'm not your enemy. I'm just here to help.” Her words made Madilyn even more confused.
As she turned her head to ask Lucian, she suddenly caught sight of the edge of a document peeking out of Elektra's bag from the cornerof her eye.
“What... is this?” Her heart constricted as she stared intently at the bag.
Elektra followed her gaze, and when she spotted the edge of the marriage certificate, an apologetic and regretful look flashed across her eyes.
She glanced at Lucian to seek his opinion. Only after getting a nod from him did she take out the marriage certificate. “This is—
“A marriage certificate?” Madilyn interrupted her in disbelief. She stared at the person before her and then at Lucian. “You two... did get married? No wonder Jack handed the antidote over...” 
###Chapter 1691
Chapter 1691
Chapter 1691 Is This Antidote Real “That’s not it! You've misunderstood!” Elektra hurriedly said.
Madilyn smiled wryly at her. “Jack would never hand over the antidote if you didn't do it. It's fine. | won't blame you. It's the only way to save Roxanne. | merely feel sorry for her.”
My best friend was first poisoned and subjected to physical agony, but when she wakes up, she has to face the pain of losing her lover...
When Elektra noticed how unhappy the doctor was, she anxiously wanted to explain but was unsure whether she could, so she could only look at Lucian to seek his opinion.
Directly taking over the conversation, Lucian stated in a low voice, “This is merely a trick we pulled on Jack. It's all fake. This is Elektra Lane, a childhood friend of mine. She went abroad with her family to build their business for a few years and just returned to the country two days ago. | merely asked her to assist me in playing a part.”
Elektra nodded in agreement.
However, Madilyn had a hard time processing what he said. “What do you mean? Fake? But isn't this a marriage certificate?” How con it be fake when even the marriage certificate is completed?
Elektra could not help but chuckle. “This isn't a legitimate document.”
After saying that, she tore up the marriage certificate right in front of Madilyn.
Madilyn was stunned by what she did, but as she watched the marriage certificate being ripped to shreds, she slowly started to believe it.
She cast her a grateful look. “Thank you. If it wasn't for you, Roxanne might've...”
“It's not a big deal. It's just a fake marriage, and | have nothing to lose. All is good as long as she can wake up,” Elektra replied with a grin.
After learning that the two had a fake marriage, Madilyn felt more at ease. All that remained was worrying about when Roxanne would wake up.
Time ticked by. The three of them grew increasingly worried when they realized that more than two hours had passed. “Why is she still unconscious?”
Lucian could not help but turn and question Madilyn.
After all, she had the most experience as the sole doctor in the room.
Madilyn also looked slightly confounded, and when she spoke, she sounded a little hesitant. “I... don't know either.”
A swell of anger and uneasiness gradually rose within Lucian. “Is this antidote real? How can you be sure?”
If that despicable Jack wonts to see me in a wretched state and gave me 0 foke antidote...
He was livid when he thought of that possibility. He wanted nothing more than to drag Jack before of him immediately and get clear answers.
Seeing his irate expression, Madilyn frowned and replied, “I don't think it's fake. As you witnessed just now, Roxanne's symptoms did subside after she consumed the antidote. It probably only takes some time for the antidote to take full effect. Let's wait a little longer.”
Elektra also chimed in, "Judging by Jack's expression as he retrieved the antidote just now, it doesn't seem to be a fake.” Especially the intense response he gave when Lucian questioned him.
Despite not knowing whatever happened between them, Elektra understood that if Jack truly needed Roxanne in the future, he probably would not harm her.
Lucian could only suppress his inner rage after hearing their words.
Zayne brought food to the three of them right on time.
However, they were not in the mood to eat and continued to wait anxiously.
Elektra could not help but feel a little strange as she stared at the person lying on the hospital bed. It was her first time meeting Roxanne, who was still unconscious and had never said a word to her.
Yet, she somehow felt the same way as Madilyn as if the person lying on the hospital bed was her friend. 
###Chapter 1692
Chapter 1692
Chapter 1692 To Have Worried You Both
After over an hour, when the sun was up in the sky, Roxanne finally opened her eyes. “Roxanne!” The very second her eyes opened, Lucian noticed the change. He grabbed her hand and stared at her with bloodshot eyes.
When Madilyn saw her good friend waking up, tears rolled down her cheeks. She reached out to grab Roxanne's other hand as laughter escaped her lips.
“Roxanne, you're finally awake! You have no idea how frightened we'd been. | thought... | thought you...” Madilyn trailed off, unable to finish her sentence.
Roxanne had just woken up from her coma, so the gears in her head were slow to turn. After a while of recollecting herself, she recalled what had happened before she fell unconscious.
“Was | unconscious for that long?” she asked in disbelief as she shifted her gaze from Madilyn to Lucian.
When she saw how haggard he looked and noticed the red veins in his eyes, a wave of guilt crashed into her. “I'm sorry to have worried you both...”
Then she tried to sit upright on the bed.
However, she had been in a coma for three days, so she did not have the strength to do that.
“Just lie down on the bed. How do you feel? Do you feel unwell anywhere?”
Madilyn knew what Roxanne was trying to do, and she quickly pressed her friend back down on the bed.
Roxanne had no choice but to do as Madilyn said. She then asked worriedly, “Where are the kids? | was unconscious for so long. They must be freaking out.”
She remembered how the children had tears streaming down their faces the last time she fell unconscious. Every time she thought about that, her heart would ache.
| wonder how they reacted to this...
Lucian caressed her cheek in a soothing manner as he said to her, “They don't know about this yet. | told them you went ona business trip and will only be back tomorrow night.”
Roxanne relaxed a little at that, but her attention was back to his exhausted look. Slowly, she reached out to touch his face. Lucian let go of her.
“Have you not rested these days?” Roxanne asked, her brows furrowed as guilt appeared in her eyes.
It was her first time seeing Lucian looking so tired.
Although Lucian had also been worried the last time she was unconscious, it had not been long before she woke up. However, she learned that, this time, she had been out for three days.
She was sure that Lucian had not rested during these days. His bloodshot eyes and eye bags were a clear sign of that. “I'm just glad that you're awake. Nothing else matters. It's just a few days of sleep.” Lucian chuckled, unbothered.
He reached out to grab Roxanne's hand and squeezed it.
“I'm glad that you woke up in the end.”
During the few hours of waiting, he had come up with a plan to deal with the Damaris family.
Luckily, Roxanne had woken up.
Another wave of guilt washed over Roxanne. “I'm really sorry. | shouldn't have been stubborn.”
If she had known that things would turn out this way, she would have gone to the hospital in the afternoon when she felt unwell. She might not have made them worry so much if she had done that instead, and she might not have ended up this way.
Lucian continued holding onto her hand gently and carefully. His voice was deep and soothing as he said, “Nothing matters as long as you're fine and well. This isn't your fault. In fact, it's mine.”
It's his fault? Roxanne was confused. She did not know why Lucian would say that.
Did something else happen while | was unconscious? 
###Chapter 1693
Chapter 1693
Chapter 1693 Conclusion
After saying that, Lucian dropped the topic and started asking about how she was instead.
“How do you feel now?” It was then he realized that he had not summoned the doctor, so he turned to Madilyn and said, “Could you please call the doctor?”
Madilyn bobbed her head, and when she went out of the room, she asked Elektra to go with her.
Lucian had been blocking most of Roxanne's vision, and Elektra had been subconsciously standing away from Roxanne's line of sight, fearing that she would make Roxanne upset.
Roxanne did not notice that there was a fourth person in the room.
It was only when Madilyn led Elektra out did Roxanne see her. “She's...” Roxanne started, turning to Lucian in confusion.
She did not think much about it, thinking Elektra was Madilyn's friend. After a moment of silence, Lucian said honestly, “She's my friend.” Roxanne stiffened. “I don't remember seeing her around.”
Regardless of whether it was six years ago or six years after, the only friends of Lucian she knew of were the two from the Queen family.
She had never heard of the other woman in the room.
Lucian explained, “She's the Lane family's daughter. The Lanes are family friends of the Farwells, but before you married into the Farwell family, the Lanes went overseas to develop their business. They didn't come back during that time, and we didn't contact each other either. She just returned to the country two days ago.”
Roxanne nodded in understanding. “Did she come to meet you?”
Right then, she noticed the clock on the wall.
It was already six in the morning.
No one would come to the hospital for a chat with an old friend at a time like that. Furthermore, it seemed that Elektra had been around for a while.
Hesitation flashed past Lucian's eyes.
Roxanne knew him like the back of her hand, so she instantly figured out that something was up. Grabbing his sleeve, she asked, “Also, what happened to me? | remember diagnosing myself before | went into a coma, and | was showing signs of poisoning...”
However, she had no idea when she had been poisoned.
Alook of shock flitted across Lucian's eyes.
He knew that Roxanne was medically skilled, but he did not know she was as capable as this.
The doctors he had hired could not do anything about her case, but she had managed to figure out the cause of her condition just by taking her own pulse.
“If you realized that, why didn't you tell me about it?”
Roxanne lowered her gaze guiltily. “I... | didn't think it'd be this serious, and | didn't want you to worry about me. In the end, | still made you worry so much.”
Lucian was exasperated, but there was nothing he could do about it. “You have to tell me right away if you feel unwell in the future.”
Roxanne nodded meekly. “Have you found out what kind of poison is in me? You must have, right? | wouldn't have woken up otherwise.”
If she learned what kind of poison had been in her system, she might be able to figure out when she had been poisoned. Lucian nodded. “Jack used an essential oil to poison you, but they haven't come to a conclusion as to what was in the poison.” “Jack?” Roxanne was baffled. “Why would he do that?”
The Damaris family is a family of doctors. Why would they let Jack poison me with the medicinal herbs? Moreover, how could Jack be so vicious? What is he trying to do? 
###Chapter 1694
Chapter 1694
Chapter 1694 His Fault
Roxanne's surprise was something Lucian had expected. Nevertheless, he did not plan to hide anything about Jack from her. He wanted her to find out how dangerous Jack was so that she would stay far from him.
“Every time you talked business with him, he had been using an aroma lamp to diffuse the poison he made. The poison only takes effect after a few times of exposure,” Lucian revealed Jack's nefarious plan.
A thought popped into Roxanne's mind when she heard that. “No wonder...” “No wonder what?”
Roxanne met his eyes and said, “I clearly rejected him about the collaboration with Damaris Group, but Jack suddenly came to the research institute and asked to have a talk about it in the car. | caught a whiff of something in the car, but | didn't dwell on it at that time.”
It must have been the last dose of poison from Jack.
Upon realizing that, Roxanne found a chill running down her spine when she thought about Jack's face. “I thought he was benevolent because he was a doctor, but now I'm starting to doubt my beliefs...”
She could not believe a Damaris would be that devious. “That's why | said it's my fault that this happened to you.” Lucian's guilt and self-blame were visible in his eyes. Roxanne snapped back to her senses at his words and disagreed with him. “Why would you say that? This was Jack's fault!”
Awry smile was on Lucian’s lips as he ran his fingers through her long hair. “If | hadn't taught you how to negotiate with others, you wouldn't have got into a conflict with him regarding the profits. I'd rather have you settle on a fifty-fifty profit back then.”
With a solemn look, Roxanne raised her hand to grab his.
“That's not how things work. Even if you didn't teach me those skills, I'd still have insisted on my idea. In fact, this might have dragged on even longer. He couldn't find the chance to give me the last dose because of the skills you thought me, and that was why he ended up coming to the research institute instead.”
Something in her mind told her that Jack might have been poisoning her for an even longer time than Lucian had assumed. Roxanne could already sense the changes in Jack before this collaboration.
Her poisoning was already set in stone. It did not matter what Lucian did.
As a matter of fact, if not for Lucian, she might not have actually remained alive this time.
Right then, another thought entered her mind and brought a furrow to her brows. “Jack's such a meticulous person with his plan. Would he have given you the antidote so easily? Did you agree to something?”
Lucian did not intend to hide anything from her, so he told her Jack's terms.
It was then Roxanne learned about Jack's greed. He had demanded ten subsidiaries from Lucian and Lucian to marry another woman.
Roxanne was livid. “He's too much!” I'm the one who's been poisoned, but Jack is targeting Farwell Group. He's even trying to separate us!
“Are you really going to give him ten subsidiaries? What about Farwell Group? Will the other shareholders agree with this? Will they find fault with you for that?”
Roxanne was worried.
In contrast, Lucian laughed, unbothered. “It's only ten subsidiaries. My management is why those ten subsidiaries are making a profit. As long as | want, | can make any subsidiary make a profit. | doubt they'll make as much if | hand them over to Jack.” 
###Chapter 1695
Chapter 1695
Chapter 1695 Strangers
Roxanne had no qualms about Lucian's capability in business management.
She relaxed slightly after hearing his reply.
She was confident that Lucian could fix the loss caused by these ten subsidiaries.
Right then, she recalled the unfamiliar woman earlier in the ward. “Is Ms. Lane the one you married?” Roxanne's eyes were dull as she asked that question.
Even though he did that to save her, the very thought of him marrying another woman made her upset. In fact, she started to pull her hand away, wanting to keep a distance from him.
There was a hint of anger that flashed across Lucian's eyes as he tightened his grip on her hand when he noticed her struggles. “Do you have that little trust in me?”
He was talking about Elektra, as well as Archie and Benny's parentage. Roxanne froze when she sensed his fury. A moment later, a flame of hope began burning in her chest.
Does he mean that there's something else behind this? But he has already gotten the antidote and saved me. There's no way something else happened instead.
The woman on the bed had just woken up from her coma, so Lucian could not bring himself to be angry with her. He tamped down his fury and explained in a low voice, “She isn't interested in me in that way, and that's the same for me. Faking a marriage with her is only one of the steps in going up against Jack.”
Hearing that, Roxanne felt apologetic. She parted her lips, but she did not know how to apologize to him. Something in her mind was telling her that Lucian would not be this angry if that was the only reason. Right as they were in the middle of a tense silence, some noises came from outside the ward.
Madilyn and Elektra had returned with the doctors.
The doctors strode in, but they were taken aback by the tension in the room just as they stepped inside. No one dared to say a word for a moment.
“Roxanne, these doctors were the ones treating you while you were in a coma,” Madilyn said.
Roxanne flashed them a grateful smile. “Thank you for the past few days.”
The doctors glanced at Lucian's expression before waving their hands. “Mr. Farwell's the one who hired us. If you want to thank someone, thank Mr. Farwell.”
Roxanne turned to the person beside her. “Thank you.”
Lucian frowned in exasperation. He did not speak, but he hummed in acknowledgment.
Roxanne relaxed when she heard that before turning to look at Elektra. “Ms. Lane, I've heard what happened from Lucian. We're strangers to each other, but you've helped me so much. Thank you.”
Elektra could tell that Roxanne and Lucian were in a disagreement, so she offered a smile and tried to ease the tension.
“| only agreed to it when | saw how anxious Lucian was for you. Honestly, | was curious as to what kind of person you were when | saw how worried he was. After seeing you, | finally understood why he felt that way. You do seem like a good match for him.”
Roxanne's face burned, and she stole a glance at the man beside her before thanking Elektra again. Elektra continued smiling and went silent. “Um...” the doctors carefully started. “We'll be giving the patient a checkup now, so...”
They wanted to ask Lucian and the others to leave the ward, but they dared not voice it out loud at the sight of Lucian's dark expression.
Fortunately, Roxanne helped them out by saying, “You guys should head outside for now.”
Lucian gave her a long look at that, and she responded with a reassuring smile. “I'm fine now. Besides, the antidote was something you've gotten on your own. Don't worry.”
Only then did Lucian stand up and leave the room. 
###Chapter 1696
Chapter 1696
Chapter 1696 There Will Be One
Lucian and Elektra left the ward. Madilyn, too, did not stay back because she was tired from staying awake the whole night. “Here. Have some food. Now that Roxanne's awake, we can relax.”
When Madilyn stepped out of the ward, she brought along the dishes sent by the director.
Seeing that, Elektra took it from her, saying, “I'll heat them up.”
Noting Lucian was still looking rather gloomy, Madilyn hurriedly followed Elektra.
The two women did not know what Lucian and Roxanne talked about, which made the couple look so gloomy. Nonetheless, the only thing Madilyn and Elektra could do at that moment was to let him calm down.
By the time the two returned, Lucian looked slightly better.
Elektra carefully divided the dishes into three portions and handed one each to Madilyn and Lucian.
When Lucian saw the plate of food, he frowned. Just as he was about to refuse it, Elektra spoke. “Just have some. You look terrible. You should use this time to replenish your energy. After all, Ms. Jarvis still needs you to take care of her.”
With that, she brought the plate closer to him.
This time, Lucian finally took it. Even the frown on his forehead lightened. “Thank you. | didn't expect you to agree to my request.”
When he chose to tell Elektra the truth at the Farwell main residence, he thought a lady from a rich family like her would hesitate. To his surprise, she agreed to it without hesitation.
Now that he thought about it, there would be a delay in getting the antidote if Elektra hesitated.
With the poison acting up right on time, Roxanne would have died if they were a second too late.
The thought of that possibility felt like a knife stabbing through his heart.
Agrim look fleeted across her eyes as she saw the concerned look on his face. When he turned to look at her, she immediately put on a smile.
“You don't need to thank me. That's how things should be when we have such a good relationship. If not for Ms. Jarvis, perhaps | might be your wife now.”
Lucian's gaze dimmed when he heard that. “You—” Madilyn, too, was shocked and approached them. She cast Elektra a look of wariness.
The last person who said something like that was Aubree.
She looks so innocent and kind. Could she be the same as Aubree? Seeing the two taking her words so seriously, Elektra chuckled.
“It's a joke. Although I'm a little envious of the way you treat Ms. Jarvis, | believe I'll find a man who can treat me like that sooner or later.”
The smile on her face looked sincere. Lucian stared at her for a few seconds before relaxing his brows and nodding in agreement. “I'm sure there'll be one.” Madilyn nodded as well. “Ms. Lane, you're a pretty woman. I'm sure there are many people who like you.”
“I'd rather not have so many people like me. It's too difficult to pick someone who'll be sincere toward me out of so many people.” Elektra sounded almost exasperated, which tickled Madilyn's funny bone. They looked like old friends who had not met for many years.
In the meantime, Lucian turned to look through the windows. The warmth in his eyes was apparent when he saw Roxanne, who was surrounded by the specialists.
With that, the trio ate some food in the corridor. The atmosphere there was drastically different from how it was in the ward earlier. 
###Chapter 1697
Chapter 1697
Chapter 1697 Heaviness
After their meal, Elektra bid farewell since she had no plans to stay. “I should go home. My family will start getting suspicious if | don't.”
Nodding, Lucian said, “Please let me know if your parents face any problems. I'll handle it.” Elektra nodded with a smile. “Okay.”
Right then, Lucian glanced at the time and remembered they had not slept the entire night. Hence, he called out, “Wait. I'll get my assistant to send you home.”
He then turned to Madilyn and said, “You should go home and get some sleep, too. You haven't been resting much since you took care of Roxanne for the past few days. | can handle this now that she's awake.”
Madilyn did not bother arguing with him. “I'll leave Roxanne with you, then.”
Recalling the atmosphere in the ward earlier, she grew worried and added, “Roxanne has just recovered. Don't be mad at her. You two can talk it out when she's discharged.”
Lucian said nothing and gave Cayden a call to pick the two women up.
Very quickly, Cayden arrived and went upstairs to meet them.
Soon, Lucian was the only one left in the corridor.
The experts had completed the examination and called out to him, “Mr. Farwell.”
Hearing that, Lucian nodded and marched over.
Indeed, the doctors had finished examining her, but all of them were frowning.
“How did it go?” Lucian felt his heart sink, and he glanced at the person on the hospital bed with worry. Roxanne smiled faintly, but she still looked a little pale.
When she met his gaze, she smiled wider as if she was trying to console him.
Lucian's brows creased, and he went over to hold her hand.
The doctors had been mulling over the matter for some time before finally having the guts to call him in. After hesitating for a few seconds, one of them informed him, “The hardening of Mrs. Farwell's arteries has visibly reduced, and her bleeding point is also showing signs of recovery.”
However, based on their examination, she was only showing signs of recovery instead of complete recovery.
The doctors did not know how to tell Lucian the rest.
Lucian could tell they had not finished their sentence. Thus, he questioned coldly, “When will she be cured completely, then?” “Um...” The doctors exchanged looks.
They could not give him a definite answer for the time being.
With a smile, Roxanne piped up, ‘I'll be cured soon. Please leave first, doctors. | just woke up and am still feeling a little tired. I'd like some quiet.”
Hearing that, Lucian frowned at her. “You aren't cured.”
Roxanne gave him a reassuring smile. “Don't forget, I'm a doctor myself. I'd already diagnosed myself as being poisoned before | passed out. No one knows my body better than | do.”
The experts were flabbergasted to hear that.
They could not believe Roxanne had found her diagnosis before passing out.
After all, they had racked their brains yet could not find the cause for her symptoms.
They stared at the woman on the hospital bed in amazement, shocked by her incredible medical skills. Lucian's gaze dimmed, but he agreed when he saw the determined look on her face. “Please go out first.” He had to admit Roxanne's medical skills were way better than the doctors.
Upon hearing his words, the experts nodded and gave the couple privacy.
With that, only Lucian and Roxanne were left in the room.
Lucian lowered his gaze to stare at Roxanne with his heart filled with an inexplicable feeling.
She had already consumed the antidote and was awake, yet he felt a heavy feeling in his heart as if there was a rock on it. 
###Chapter 1698
Chapter 1698
Chapter 1698 Is He Gone
Roxanne could tell that he was worried, so she sat up slowly on the bed and said, “Don't worry. I'm really fine. The doctors said I'm recovering. Besides, | can feel the antidote you brought worked.”
Lucian cast her a gloomy gaze. “Do you remember what you said?”
Roxanne chuckled and assured, “I'll tell you if anything happens.”
Only then did Lucian feel slightly relieved.
Roxanne's gaze drooped slightly with a hint of worry fleeted across.
“What are you thinking about?” Lucian asked softly when he noticed something was amiss with her.
Roxanne quickly dismissed her thoughts, recollected herself, and looked up. “I'm worried about the kids. | can’t help but think how they are doing now.”
When he heard that, the suspicion in his gaze dissipated. “Since you're already awake, we can give them a call at night. They'll be relieved to hear from you.”
Roxanne bobbed her head. “Hopefully.”
With that, she looked down again.
Seeing that, Lucian furrowed his brows, and worry filled his gaze again. “Are you feeling discomfort anywhere?” Roxanne looked up innocently before caressing her belly with a sigh.
“After being unconscious for several days, I'm feeling a little hungry. And speaking about the kids made me think of the desserts they eat. So, | feel like eating some desserts now.”
“I'll get you some,” said Lucian without hesitation.
Roxanne frowned, looking troubled. “But | just woke up, and I'm not allowed to eat greasy stuff. Desserts are out of the question.” Lucian could sense the emotion in her voice, and his heart softened.
“Bear with it for a while, okay? You can have some fruits.”
He then turned around and patted Roxanne's head affectionately.
Roxanne frowned in silence for a few seconds before giving a hum in response. “I want to have fruits from the stall beside the research institute. Their fruits are sweet,” she said.
She gave Lucian a shy glance. “Am | being too troublesome? You can actually get some from downstairs, too.” Roxanne would never say no to her request. After all, he almost lost her.
“It's no trouble at all. I'll get you some now. I'll get the doctors to wait for you out there. Just tell them if there's anything you need.”
Roxanne nodded. “Be careful.”
Without saying anything, Lucian turned around and left. Upon arriving at the door, he told the doctors to wait inside.
The doctors thought something was happening to Roxanne's body again. As soon as they entered the ward, they looked through the windows and saw her sitting on the hospital bed, safe and sound.
They exchanged confused glances with each other.
She just woke up. Where on earth is Mr. Farwell going now?
Just as they were coming up with all kinds of answers, Roxanne's voice rang out. “Is he gone?” Roxanne looked outside the ward.
The doctors froze for a few seconds before they realized Roxanne was talking to them. At the same time, they surmised she was referring to Lucian.
The doctors were confused all of a sudden.
Did they get into an argument? Mr. Farwell was so anxious when Ms. Jarvis fainted. How is it that they got into a fight right after she woke up? The chemistry between the two was clearly awkward when we entered just now. 
###Chapter 1699
Chapter 1699
Chapter 1699 A Comeback
When she did not hear an answer from them, Roxanne was confused and wanted to step out and take a look. Seeing what she was doing, the others snapped out of their reverie and hurried into the ward.
“Is there something you need, Mrs. Farwell?”
Only then did Roxanne sit down and ask, “Is Lucian gone?”
The doctors nodded hesitantly; their gazes filled with puzzlement.
Noting their expressions, Roxanne smiled. “I told him to get some fruits for me. It should take him some time to come back. Anyway, | need to talk to all of you.”
The doctors heaved a sigh of relief and nodded.
In the next second, Roxanne's expression became serious. “You guys should have gotten the results of the examination on the state of my recovery, right? The antidote worked, but it only slowed the effects of the poison for the time being. In short, it cannot cure me completely. If it's allowed to develop, the poison might make a comeback.”
In other words, Jack gave her only part of the antidote.
It was his method of poisoning her.
The antidote Jack gave needed to be taken several times. However, he had only given Lucian one dose. Roxanne had already suspected that when the doctors were examining her body.
However, she was confident she could solve the problem without letting Lucian worry about it.
That was why she came up with an excuse to make him leave so she could discuss it with the doctors. The second she finished speaking, the atmosphere in the room became tense.
The doctors found it weird when they realized her recovery was extremely slow.
Never did they expect Roxanne to have made an accurate prognosis of her condition in such a short time. All of a sudden, admiration brimmed in their eyes as they stared at Roxanne.
They quickly returned to their senses and jumped into the discussion. “You're right. The poison in your body is really unusual. To tell you the truth, we couldn't identify you were poisoned before Mr. Farwell told us about it. After we confirmed you were poisoned, we... we couldn't figure out what kind of poison it was.”
Roxanne frowned. “Did you do a blood test?”
The doctors nodded dejectedly. “We tested everything that could be tested. Still, there are no leads.”
Agrim look flashed through Roxanne's eyes. “All of you are world-renowned experts. | doubt you discovered nothing over the past few days. Please tell me, even if it's just a guess. | need your help.”
The way the doctors looked at her shifted again.
They believed she was well aware that her medical skills were far greater than theirs, yet she was saying she needed their help. Moreover, she seemed to trust them a lot.
For the past few days, the doctors were feeling incredibly disheartened. However, her words gave them confidence again.
After exchanging glances, they put on a more professional air and grew more confident. At that, they began describing all the tests and guesses they had for the past few days.
While Roxanne listened, she nodded thoughtfully. When they finished talking, Roxanne paused her thoughts and flashed them a grateful smile.
“| have some guesses, too, but | need your help to run a blood test. | want to confirm some things.” 
###Chapter 1700
Chapter 1700
Chapter 1700 Not Exaggerating At All
Everyone was shocked by how fast Roxanne had figured something out. “Is there a problem?” she asked in confusion when she saw the surprised looks on their faces. Still in shock, none of the experts said anything in response.
Thinking they were worried about Lucian, Roxanne reassured them with a smile, “All you guys have to do is follow my instructions. I'll explain things to Lucian if he finds out.”
Everyone gasped in shock when they heard that. “D-Does Mr. Farwell not know about this?” They had assumed the tense atmosphere in the ward was due to Lucian finding out about the matter. Given the seriousness of the situation, they were surprised to hear that Roxanne didn't tell Lucian about it.
Roxanne lowered her gaze and replied worriedly, “I think | might be able to save myself. He has been worried sick about me throughout the past few days, so | don't want to worry him any further. Please help me keep this a secret from him.”
She then flashed the experts a smile as she continued, “I have faith in you guys, so please have some faith in me as well. I'll figure something out.”
Moved by her confidence and determination, the experts gave in after a few seconds of hesitation.
“Since you trust us so much, we'll do everything we can to help you out, Mrs. Farwell.”
Roxanne breathed a sigh of relief and thanked them profusely, “Thank you all very much.”
As most of them were much older than her, she maintained a polite and respectful attitude when speaking to them. The experts, however, felt she was being far too humble.
“No need to thank us, Mrs. Farwell. You are Dr. Lambert's greatest student, after all. To be honest, we thought the news article was exaggerating when it said you had great medical skills. It wasn’t until we met you in person that we realized it wasn't exaggerating at all.”
Roxanne simply flashed them a polite smile in response. “We're all doctors here, so you guys can just call me 'Dr. Jarvis.” “You're practically a miracle worker, Dr. Jarvis! Despite your young age, your knowledge of medicine is far greater than ours!” “We all have some things that we excel in. | just happen to be good at traditional medicine,” Roxanne said.
She then glanced at the time and noticed that Lucian would be coming back soon.
“Anyway, time is of the essence. We should hurry up and draw my blood,” she urged them as they would have no time to do it once Lucian returned.
The experts nodded and quickly got down to work.
After extracting her blood, one of the experts sent it to the laboratory for testing while the others waited outside.
About five minutes later, the elevator slowly came to a halt at the top floor. Lucian stepped out a few seconds later with a huge bag of assorted fruits.
Lucian narrowed his eyes when he saw the experts waiting outside the ward.
“Where's Dr. Wagley?”
Not only did Lucian possess a terrifyingly good memory, but the experts have also been there for a few days. As such, he was able to memorize each and every one of their names and faces.
The experts did not expect him to notice that one of them was missing, so they were completely caught off guard.
“D-Dr. Wagley went to the bathroom. He should be returning shortly,” said one of the experts nervously after a brief pause. Lucian frowned suspiciously at them before entering the ward.
Roxanne had already regained her composure by then and was scrolling through her phone on the bed.
Madilyn had arrived home and was asking about her condition. Not wanting her to worry, Roxanne simply told her that she was in the process of recovering.
She put her phone away when Lucian made his way toward the bed.
While placing the fruits aside, he glanced at her phone and asked, “Who were you texting?” 
###Chapter 1701
Chapter 1701
Chapter 1701 I Can Save Myself
“Madilyn. She's worried about me and kept asking how I'm doing,” Roxanne replied with a smile.
Lucian nodded and asked casually as he sat down beside the bed, “I noticed that one of the doctors was out when | arrived. Did he tell you where he was going?”
The smile on Roxanne's face was frozen in place when she heard that. She wasn't expecting Lucian to even notice such details, let alone ask about it.
After taking a few seconds to regain her composure, Roxanne replied as calmly as possible, “I'm not sure. I'll be fine as long as there are people around. It doesn't matter if one or two of them step away for a bit.
She then let out a helpless sigh and added, “I've already regained consciousness, so you don't need to have so many of them standing by. You should let them head back and get some rest.”
Lucian seemed to be in deep thought as he retrieved an apple from the grocery bag and slowly peeled it.
Knowing Roxanne, she wouldn't ask for desserts immediately after recovering, let alone have me buy them from a store so far away. | know she probably needed some time alone, but | can't seem to figure out why... Hmm... Her reaction and that of the experts outside the ward all seem rather suspicious. She must've told them something while | was out earlier. Given the situation at hand, her poisoning is the only possible thing they could've been talking about.
The look in Lucian's eyes turned gloomy at the thought of that.
He stopped peeling the apple and stared solemnly at Roxanne as he asked, ‘Is it true that the poison has been completely removed from your body?”
Roxanne let out a helpless chuckle after a brief pause. “You noticed?” She knew she wouldn't be able to hide it from Lucian for long, but she didn't think he would find out so soon.
“| was planning to tell you after | had found a way to neutralize the poison. I'm sorry | lied to you after promising to not keep secrets from you just earlier,” she continued with an apologetic look on her face.
Lucian frowned as the flames of anger began to burn within his eyes. “Did Jack pull some kind of trick on us? Did he give youa fake antidote or something?”
Roxanne shook her head. “The antidote is real. It's just that...” Lucian's tone grew increasingly colder as he pressed on, “It's just what?” Since Lucian had already found out about her lies, Roxanne decided to not hide anything from him.
“The dosage he gave was incomplete. | would need at least four to five times more of what he gave me in order to completely rid my body of that poison. | had a discussion with the experts earlier. We now have a lead and might be on to something, so you don't have to worry too much about it.”
Lucian's eyes were clearly filled with anxiousness when he looked at her, but he soon regained his composure and said calmly, “Oh, I'm not worried. | could just go deal with him again if necessary.”
If submitting to Jack will save her life, then | shall gladly do it!
Roxanne felt touched when she heard that.
She reached out to caress his cheek as she said reassuringly, “That won't be necessary. I'm confident in my ability to save myself. | mean, | did develop a drug that even the Damaris family couldn't!”
Jack had shown her some of the Damaris family's books on ancient medicine while they were still on good terms. Those books contained lots of information on all sorts of rare and special medicinal herbs.
Roxanne had a feeling that the key to the antidote could be found within those books. Fortunately for her, she had put in the effort to memorize everything in those books.
Once the blood test results were out, | should be able to use that information to figure out the poison's contents and synthesize an antidote myself! 
###Chapter 1702
Chapter 1702
Chapter 1702 The Kids Will Get Worried
As Lucian was already prepared for the worst, he nodded after hearing what she said. “All right; | trust you. You're the best doctor | know, so you should be able to handle Jack's poison with ease.” Roxanne wasn't expecting Lucian to be convinced so easily, so she was caught off guard when she heard him say that.
“However, you must promise me that you will be honest with me if you ever run into any further issues along the way,” Lucian added as he continued peeling the apple.
Having been snapped out of her dazed state, Roxanne nodded obediently in response. “All right.”
She then looked Lucian in the eye and said affectionately, “Thanks for believing in me, Honey.”
The ward fell into complete silence for a few seconds.
“W-What did you just call me?” Lucian asked with a look of joy and surprise in his eyes.
Roxanne didn't know what came over her just now, but she couldn't bring herself to say it again with him staring at her like that. Her face burned bright red as she looked away to avoid his gaze.
Naturally, Lucian wasn't about to let her off the hook so easily. He quickly put the apple down and pressed on, “What did you just call me? Say it again!”
The sexual tension in the ward intensified as he continued to tease her. Roxanne was about to hide under the blanket when her phone started ringing on the side.
Realizing that it was the ringtone she had chosen for her kids, Roxanne pushed Lucian back as she said, “Our kids are calling! Hurry up and answer the phone!”
She hadn't contacted them for a few days, so she figured they must have been worried sick.
Although Lucian had already told them that Roxanne was away on a business trip, Archie and Benny were very smart, so it was only natural that they would get worried about her.
Lucian had no choice but to stop teasing her and answer the phone. Even so, he kept his scorching gaze on her as he held the phone up to her ear.
“Mommy!”
The kids’ adorable voices could be heard the moment the call got through.
“Yes, it's me. Have you kids been behaving yourselves lately?” Roxanne replied with a smile.
Feeling glad that they could finally speak to Roxanne, the kids started telling her what they had been doing lately. “Yeah, we have! We even helped Ms. Catalina do the dishes!”
“| helped too!”
“| helped Ms. Catalina with the laundry!”
The look in Roxanne's eyes grew gentle when she heard their adorable voices. “Really? I'm glad to hear that!” Their tone grew a little depressed as they asked, “When will you come home, Mommy? We really miss you!” Unsure of what to say, Roxanne simply stared at Lucian in silence.
“Daddy said you would be coming home tonight. Is that true?” Archie pressed on.
Roxanne fell silent for a few seconds before replying with a smile, “Yeah, that's right. I'm already at the airport, so I'll be arriving in Horington later tonight. Behave yourselves and wait for me at home, okay? I'll buy you all some gifts on my way back.”
“Okay, Mommy! We'll wait till you're back home before we go to bed!” Roxanne then changed the topic by asking them how they had been doing lately.
The kids then told her everything that had happened throughout the past few days, and they continued chatting happily until it was time for lunch.
After reluctantly ending the call, Roxanne's expression grew depressed as she stared at the black screen of her phone.
“| want to make a trip back tonight. The kids will get worried if | don't show up,” she said while looking up at Lucian. 
###Chapter 1703
Chapter 1703
Chapter 1703 Bringing The Kids Over
“You've only just recovered, and you have yet to make a full recovery,” Lucian replied with a disapproving frown. “| know what I'm doing. At least | can get off the bed and walk around now,” Roxanne explained patiently.
After arguing for a bit, Lucian gave in and said, “You can't leave the hospital. If you must see them, I'll have Cayden bring them over.”
“If you do that, they'll find out about me being sick,” Roxanne protested with a hesitant look in her eyes. She didn't want the kids to worry about her at all.
“We'll tell them you caught a cold after getting off the plane, so | had you sent to a hospital for treatment. They're still kids, so | don't think they'd be able to find out the truth,” Lucian suggested after giving it some thought.
Roxanne still felt it wasn't a good idea, but decided to go along with it anyway.
Lucian then stepped aside and gave Cayden a call.
Having dropped off Madilyn and Elektra, Cayden had just arrived at the hospital when he got Lucian's call.
“| have sent Ms. Lane and Ms. Xander home safely, Mr. Farwell,” Cayden reported immediately after answering the phone. “Got it. | need you to head over to the manor and bring the kids over,” Lucian replied.
Cayden froze. “| thought you wanted to keep this a secret from the kids?”
Wouldn't they find out what happened if | bring them over to the hospital?
“| want you to go pick them up tonight. If they ask any questions, just tell them that Roxanne is being treated at a hospital because she had a fever after getting off the plane,” Lucian replied.
As Lucian had already come up with an excuse, Cayden knew better than to say any further.
He then waited till it was nighttime before heading over to the manor as instructed.
The three kids came rushing over the moment his car pulled up in the courtyard.
The excited smiles on their faces faded the moment they saw Cayden step out of the car. “Oh, it's you, Mr. Lawson...”
Cayden felt his heart ache when he saw how disappointed they were. “Come on, I'll bring you kids to see your mommy and daddy.”
Their eyes lit up when they heard that, but the look of joy was soon replaced with concern when they recalled what Roxanne said. “Mommy told us to wait for her at home.”
Archie stared at Cayden as he asked, “Did something happen to our mommy, Mr. Lawson?”
Why else would Mommy not answer our calls and send Mr. Lawson over to pick us up? Benny and Estella, too, grew worried after hearing what Archie said. Cayden felt bad for lying to them, but he knew he had no choice but to do so.
“It's not that serious. Mrs. Farwell had a fever on the way back, so Mr. Farwell brought her to the hospital for an examination. It's nothing to worry about!”
Seeing as the kids were still doubtful of his words, Cayden added, “If you are still worried, then come with me to the hospital and see for yourselves. Mrs. Farwell wouldn't have sent me over to pick you kids up if something serious had happened to her, right?”
The kids then decided to believe him for the time being and got into the car after saying goodbye to Catalina. The atmosphere in the car was particularly gloomy as all three of the kids were in a subdued mood throughout the drive. Cayden, too, let out a helpless sigh as he didn't know how he could comfort them.
These kids have no idea that they nearly lost their mother forever... 
###Chapter 1704
Chapter 1704
Chapter 1704 Accompany You The car slowly came to a halt in front of the hospital.
Cayden got out of the car and whirled around to get the kids out, only to see they were already standing outside, staring up at him with eagerness shining in their eyes, waiting for him to take them inside.
Cayden internally sighed at the kids' eagerness. Suppressing the upset rising within him, he patted the children's heads comfortingly. “Let's head inside.”
The kids nodded obediently and followed him into the building.
Before entering the elevator, Cayden sent a message to Lucian, informing his boss of their arrival.
The elevator dinged at the top floor. When the doors slid open, they saw Lucian waiting for them outside. “Daddy!”
The children excitedly dashed out of the elevator and clung onto Lucian's legs.
Lucian gently ruffled the kids' heads before nodding at Cayden. "Thank you for the trouble. You can take a break tomorrow.” Cayden complied respectfully before shutting the elevator doors. He left, giving the family some time and space. “Daddy, where's Mommy?” Archie urged as he nervously tugged on the hem of Lucian's shirt.
Lucian dropped his gaze to him. “She's in her room.”
He turned around and led them toward Roxanne's room.
The children trailed after him closely.
When they saw their mother lying on the bed, tears started flowing down their cheeks.
“Mommy, what happened? Are you okay? We're so worried about you!”
Their parents didn't come home for the past few days. Their mother didn't even pick up her phone. They had been obedient and didn't cause any trouble, but the truth was, they were sick with worry.
The brave front they held up finally crumbled when they saw Roxanne's pallor.
Roxanne didn't expect the kids to be so worried. Her heart ached at their tears. She tried to push herself up to get down from the bed.
However, the kids hurriedly raced to her side when they saw her intention. “Mommy, lie back down.”
Roxanne couldn't do anything but wipe their tears away. "Don't cry. I’m fine. | was just too tired and slightly feverish for the past two days. I'll be fine after two days' rest.”
She paused a beat before smiling at them. “Look at me. I'm fine!”
Despite her assurance, Estella's tears didn't stop falling. "But... Mommy, you don't look so good...” she sobbed.
Just like the last time when you fell unconscious.
Just recalling the memory flooded Estella with fear. Her grip on Roxanne's sleeve tightened.
The rims of Roxanne's eyes turned red. She felt bad about worrying them. “I truly am fine. Have you forgotten that I'm the most amazing doctor? | can cure all kinds of sickness, much less a fever.”
She held their tiny hands and pulled them to her forehead. “Feel that? It's not hot anymore.”
The kids gently rubbed her forehead and nodded while tears continuously rolled down their cheeks.
Roxanne consoled with a smile, “Be good and wait for me at home. I'll rest in the hospital for two more days, then go back and accompany you.”
Benny shook his head. “We want to stay at the hospital with you, Mommy!” Estella nodded her head firmly, agreeing with Benny's suggestion.
“| want to stay with Mommy too!”
Archie didn't say anything and merely stared at her as he continued crying.
Roxanne patted each child's head and declined, “You can't. My fever is gone but not my cold. You'll contract it if you stay here. | don't have the energy to treat you now.”
The children pressed their lips into a firm line—an expression of their displeasure. They stood by the bed and stared at her. Their eyes conveyed their desire to stay. 
###Chapter 1705
Chapter 1705
Chapter 1705 Almost Lose Them
Guilt surged within Roxanne when she caught the children's worried gaze. However, she silently averted her gaze.
“| had your dad bring you here because | didn't want you to continue worrying about me. Now that you see I'm fine, you can be assured of my well-being. I'll worry about your health again if you catch my cold.”
Despite her explanation, Benny was still unwilling to leave. Archie gave in and said, “We'll head back then. Take good care of yourself, Mommy.” Hearing their brother's words, Benny and Estella couldn't voice their disagreement despite their unwillingness.
Roxanne let out a relieved sigh when they finally conceded. She nodded with a smile. “Got it. I'll take good care of myself so that | can go home to you as soon as | can.”
“You must pick up our call!” Archie demanded with a grim look on his face.
Roxanne knew the kids were worried sick for getting out of touch with her for the past two days. Her guilt clawed at her at that knowledge, so she agreed to Archie's demand.
With her promise, the children finally relented and released Roxanne's hand reluctantly.
Roxanne didn't dare to meet their gazes and hurriedly turned her gaze to Lucian. “Lucian, you can send them back now.” She was scared tears would flow from her eyes if she continued locking gaze with them.
Guilt slammed upon her since she should stay by the children's side seeing they were so upset.
Guilt slommed upon her since she should stoy by the children's side seeing they were so upset.
However, she couldn't dischorge from the hospitol. Thus she could only hove Lucion toke core of them on her beholf. Feor gripped Lucion os he wotched the kids being with Roxonne. He recolled how close she wos to losing them.
However, he quickly snopped out of his floshbock ond collected his feelings ot Roxonne's cue. He nodded ot the children ond promised, ‘I'll toke good core of your mother. Going bock obediently is the biggest help you con give to your mommy ond me.”
He stepped closer to the kids ond potted their heods before bending down ond corrying Estello into his orms. He reoched his empty hond out to Archie ond Benny.
Benny took his hond with teors still flowing while Archie held his brother's hond.
The kids cost 0 longing glonce over their shoulders ot Roxonne.
Roxonne woved ot them with o smile. She could feel the prick of teors ot the bock of her eyes. It wos such o close shove ond | would've lost them.
Wotching Lucion ond the kids leoving through the door, Roxonne's goze grew determined.
| will do oll | con to cure myself for the kids' soke. They finolly got o complete fomily ofter going through so much. | won't ever let their situotion revert to the post.
Guilt slammed upon her since she should stay by the children's side seeing they were so upset. However, she couldn't discharge from the hospital. Thus she could only have Lucian take care of them on her behalf. Fear gripped Lucian as he watched the kids being with Roxanne. He recalled how close she was to losing them.
However, he quickly snapped out of his flashback and collected his feelings at Roxanne's cue. He nodded at the children and promised, “I'll take good care of your mother. Going back obediently is the biggest help you can give to your mommy and me.”
He stepped closer to the kids and patted their heads before bending down and carrying Estella into his arms. He reached his empty hand out to Archie and Benny.
Benny took his hand with tears still flowing while Archie held his brother's hand.
The kids cast a longing glance over their shoulders at Roxanne.
Roxanne waved at them with a smile. She could feel the prick of tears at the back of her eyes. It was such a close shave and | would've lost them.
Watching Lucian and the kids leaving through the door, Roxanne's gaze grew determined.
| will do all | can to cure myself for the kids' sake. They finally got a complete family after going through so much. | won't ever let their situation revert to the past.
In the meantime, Lucian shut the backseat door after the children got in the car. He got in the driver seat and pulled away from the hospital toward the manor.
In the meontime, Lucion shut the bockseot door ofter the children got in the cor. He got in the driver seot ond pulled owoy from the hospitol toword the monor.
On the woy there, the kids couldn't stop crying. The otmosphere in the cor wos tense.
Lucion's heort oched for the children when he cought their red, puffy eyes through the reorview mirror.
“| promise you I'll toke good core of your mommy,” he swore.
Benny sniffled before sobbing, “I trust you, Doddy. Every time Mommy got sick, you would toke good core of her.” When Mommy wos sick before, Doddy would stoy by Mommy's side, ond Mommy would get better every time. I'm sure this time is no different.
Guilt clenched Lucion's stomoch ot Benny's trust. His lips curled into o foint smile before onswering, “Thot's for sure.” If they knew, they olmost lost Roxonne becouse of me. | wonder if they would still trust me like this.
The children were clueless obout his thoughts. They merely pleoded with him to toke core of their mother well. Lucion ogreed with o heovy heort.
Lucion glimpsed ot the reorview mirror ogoin when the kids' voices hod gotten softer.
Exhoustion from oll the crying finolly set in. Benny ond Estello were sound osleep with their heods leoning ogoinst eoch onother.
In the meantime, Lucian shut the backseat door after the children got in the car. He got in the driver seat and pulled away from the hospital toward the manor.
On the way there, the kids couldn't stop crying. The atmosphere in the car was tense.
Lucian's heart ached for the children when he caught their red, puffy eyes through the rearview mirror.
“| promise you I'll take good care of your mommy,” he swore.
Benny sniffled before sobbing, “I trust you, Daddy. Every time Mommy got sick, you would take good care of her.”
When Mommy was sick before, Daddy would stay by Mommy's side, and Mommy would get better every time. I'm sure this time is no different.
Guilt clenched Lucian's stomach at Benny's trust. His lips curled into a faint smile before answering, “That's for sure.” If they knew, they almost lost Roxanne because of me. | wonder if they would still trust me like this.
The children were clueless about his thoughts. They merely pleaded with him to take care of their mother well. Lucian agreed with a heavy heart.
Lucian glimpsed at the rearview mirror again when the kids' voices had gotten softer.
Exhaustion from all the crying finally set in. Benny and Estella were sound asleep with their heads leaning against each another. 
###Chapter 1706
Chapter 1706
Chapter 1706 Sick For A While
Lucian glanced at the passenger seat and was met with Archie's wide-awake eyes.
Shocked, Lucian questioned, “You're still awake?”
| thought all of them had fallen asleep.
Archie's eyes were red and puffy too. Yet, he still kept a solemn look on his face.
“Daddy, Mommy has been sick for many days already, right?”
Lucian's expression grew tense at his question. He wasn't sure if he should tell his son the truth.
Archie is the most mature of the three. Explaining the situation to Archie first is the best option if | want to tell them the truth. They were still crying until a while ago, though. | don't think it's the right time to tell them yet.
After a few minutes of silence, Lucian decided to keep it from them. “No, that's not it. Don't think too much. Your mother just got a cold and a fever. She'll be better soon.”
The second he finished, Archie immediately asked, “But Mommy never went on such a long business trip before.”
Lucian's expression didn't falter as he said, “That was because she was worried no one would take care of you, your brother, and your sister if she was gone for too long. Now that you have me, she can put her heart in her stomach.”
Amask of concentration overtook Archie's face at Lucian's answer. Amosk of concentrotion overtook Archie's foce ot Lucion's onswer.
He's right. Mommy wouldn't go on long business trips before becouse she knew we would be woiting for her ot home. Now thot we're living with Doddy, Mommy con be more ot eose. But... | still feel something doesn't odd up.
Lucion gozed oheod os he drove but occosionolly would shoot glonces to check on the kids in the bockseot. He wos fighting in his mind obout whether to tell them the truth.
Suddenly, Archie's voice broke the silence. He muttered with o frown, “Our heorts felt heovy the lost time Mommy fointed. It's the some this time.”
We shouldn't hove thot feeling if Mommy only hos o cold ond fever. Besides, we felt it o few doys ogo. I'm sure Mommy's condition is not just o simple fever.
However, he noted his fother's ovoidonce of telling him the truth, so being the thoughiful child thot he wos, he didn't continue hounding his fother obout it. “No motter whot's wrong with Mommy. | trust thot you'll toke good core of her os long os you're there. We hove foith in you, Doddy.”
His words were o copy of whot Benny soid eorlier.
When Mommy wos sick before, Mommy olwoys got better in the end under Doddy's core. | trust thot this time will not be ony different.
Amask of concentration overtook Archie's face at Lucian's answer.
He's right. Mommy wouldn't go on long business trips before because she knew we would be waiting for her at home. Now that we're living with Daddy, Mommy can be more at ease. But... | still feel something doesn't add up.
Lucian gazed ahead as he drove but occasionally would shoot glances to check on the kids in the backseat. He was fighting in his mind about whether to tell them the truth.
Suddenly, Archie's voice broke the silence. He muttered with a frown, “Our hearts felt heavy the last time Mommy fainted. It's the same this time.”
We shouldn't have that feeling if Mommy only has a cold and fever. Besides, we felt it a few days ago. I'm sure Mommy's condition is not just a simple fever.
However, he noted his father's avoidance of telling him the truth, so being the thoughiful child that he was, he didn't continue hounding his father about it. “No matter what's wrong with Mommy. | trust that you'll take good care of her as long as you're there. We have faith in you, Daddy.”
His words were a copy of what Benny said earlier.
When Mommy was sick before, Mommy always got better in the end under Daddy's care. | trust that this time will not be any different.
Lucian couldn't get a word out of his mouth at Archie's absolute trust. Lucion couldn't get o word out of his mouth ot Archie's obsolute trust.
Archie didn't mind Lucion's silence. Insteod, he soid, “Doddy, oll you hove to focus on is coring for Mommy. Leove Benny ond Essie to me! I'll wotch over them! You con't let onything hoppen to Mommy, okoy?”
Archie's voice crocked ot the end.
Lucion glimpsed ot the reorview mirror ogoin ond sow the unshed teor in the corner of his eyes. His heort clenched ogoin.
“Got it. | won't let onything hoppen to your mother. I'll protect her even if | hove to give up my life.”
Archie shook his heod fervently. “No! | wont both Doddy ond Mommy to be sofe ond sound! We wont Mommy to come bock, but Doddy, you con't leove us too!”
His words moved Lucion's heort. Lucion comforted, “All right. I'll come bock with your mother. Don't be scored.”
Archie finolly nodded os he cried.
Lucion sent them bock to the Monor. When the children woke up, they were still feeling o bit down.
As he wos worried obout them, he wotched them wosh up ond return to their rooms before leoving the house.
Lucian couldn't get a word out of his mouth at Archie's absolute trust.
Archie didn't mind Lucian's silence. Instead, he said, “Daddy, all you have to focus on is caring for Mommy. Leave Benny and Essie to me! I'll watch over them! You can't let anything happen to Mommy, okay?”
Archie's voice cracked at the end. Lucian glimpsed at the rearview mirror again and saw the unshed tear in the corner of his eyes. His heart clenched again. “Got it. | won't let anything happen to your mother. I'll protect her even if | have to give up my life.”
Archie shook his head fervently. “No! | want both Daddy and Mommy to be safe and sound! We want Mommy to come back, but Daddy, you can't leave us too!”
His words moved Lucian's heart. Lucian comforted, “All right. I'll come back with your mother. Don't be scared.” Archie finally nodded as he cried. Lucian sent them back to the Manor. When the children woke up, they were still feeling a bit down.
As he was worried about them, he watched them wash up and return to their rooms before leaving the house. 
###Chapter 1707
Chapter 1707
Chapter 1707 Seeking Permission
Back at the hospital, Roxanne was still awake. Lucian quickened his pace when he saw the lights in her ward were still on. “Why are you still up?” He was worried when he saw Roxanne sitting on the bed in a daze.
Roxanne returned to her senses after she heard his voice and smiled. “I've slept too much for four days straight, so | can't fall asleep now.”
Then, she asked about the kids, “Where are the kids? Are they asleep?” “I've tugged them in bed before coming here,” Lucian replied.
Roxanne felt more at ease hearing that. Soon after, she started worrying about him. “You look pale. You should get a good rest at home.”
People might think Lucian was the one who was sick after seeing his face.
Hearing that, Lucian ran his hand down his face instinctively. Then, he forced a smile. “I had the experience of being unable to sleep for days for work so it's no big deal.”
He walked up and sat next to the bed. Then, he looked at Roxanne with a tender gaze. “Besides, how can | leave you all alone at the hospital? I'm sure the kids wouldn't let me do that.”
Roxanne gave him a puzzled look. What has that got to do with the kids? With a smile, Lucian told her what the kids had told him in the car earlier. With o smile, Lucion told her whot the kids hod told him in the cor eorlier.
Roxonne felt o worm sensotion in her heort ofter she knew how protective they were of her. “I wos ofroid they would be scored ofter knowing it. | never thought...”
As she spoke, she smiled ond glonced ot Lucion. “They weren't scored becouse you were with them, ond thot's why they were confident.”
Perhops this wos the power of poternol love. With thot, they looked ot eoch other ond grinned.
Roxonne mode room for him ond soid, “It's getting lote now. Come ond get some rest. You've got huge dork circles under your eyes!”
“There's no rush. Since you con't foll osleep, | wont to seek your permission for something,” Lucion soid while he remoined seoted.
Roxonne got serious when she sow his dorkened expression. “Whot is it?” Lucion's brows furrowed slightly, thinking of how to deliver the news.
After o few minutes, he finolly broke the silence. “Jock's second demond is for your reseorch institute to work with them ogoin. I've olreody drown up the stotement of uniloterol terminotion of the controct so thot | con get the ontidote. | only need to releose
With a smile, Lucian told her what the kids had told him in the car earlier.
Roxanne felt a warm sensation in her heart after she knew how protective they were of her. “I was afraid they would be scared after knowing it. | never thought...”
As she spoke, she smiled and glanced at Lucian. “They weren't scared because you were with them, and that's why they were confident.”
Perhaps this was the power of paternal love. With that, they looked at each other and grinned.
Roxanne made room for him and said, “It's getting late now. Come and get some rest. You've got huge dark circles under your eyes!”
“There's no rush. Since you can't fall asleep, | want to seek your permission for something,” Lucian said while he remained seated.
Roxanne got serious when she saw his darkened expression. “What is it?” Lucian's brows furrowed slightly, thinking of how to deliver the news.
After a few minutes, he finally broke the silence. “Jack's second demand is for your research institute to work with them again. I've already drawn up the statement of unilateral termination of the contract so that | can get the antidote. | only need to release
Roxanne interrupted before he could finish. “No way.” Roxonne interrupted before he could finish. “No woy.” Lucion stopped tolking ond looked ot her helplessly. “You don't hove to worry obout the funds. Forwell Group ond Queen Group
will poy you o lorge sum os the terminotion fee. You con use the money to increose employee benefits. It won't motter if you toke the money from the Domoris fomily.”
Roxonne soid solemnly, “I'm the person in chorge of the reseorch institute. If you wont to terminote the controct with us, I'll try to look for onother business portner. But I'll never consider working with the Domoris fomily!”
After knowing the mon thot Jock wos, Roxonne decided not to get involved with him in ony woy. She wouldn't let Jock threoten them with this ond let him hove his woy.
Lucion fell silent ofter seeing her firm ottitude ond hesitoted. “I know how you feel, but now is not the time for you to burn your bridges with Jock.”
He knew if the reseorch institute formed 0 colloborotion with the Domoris Group, Roxonne would still hold volue to Jock.
In thot cose, there would be hope for her to get the ontidote from Jock if they couldn't develop it.
Roxanne interrupted before he could finish. “No way.”
Lucian stopped talking and looked at her helplessly. “You don't have to worry about the funds. Farwell Group and Queen Group will pay you a large sum as the termination fee. You can use the money to increase employee benefits. It won't matter if you take the money from the Damaris family.”
Roxanne said solemnly, “I'm the person in charge of the research institute. If you want to terminate the contract with us, I'll try to look for another business partner. But I'll never consider working with the Damaris family!”
After knowing the man that Jack was, Roxanne decided not to get involved with him in any way. She wouldn't let Jack threaten them with this and let him have his way.
Lucian fell silent after seeing her firm attitude and hesitated. “| know how you feel, but now is not the time for you to burn your bridges with Jack.”
He knew if the research institute formed a collaboration with the Damaris Group, Roxanne would still hold value to Jack.
In that case, there would be hope for her to get the antidote from Jack if they couldn't develop it. 
###Chapter 1708
Chapter 1708
Chapter 1708 Not Answering The Phone "I'll develop the antidote.”
Roxanne sounded determined. "I'm sure he'll make excessive demands from us every time we ask for an antidote from him if we do as he says this time. Do you really want to agree to his demands?”
She was displeased. “Didn't you say you trust me? I'm sure | can do it!”
Naturally, Lucian knew Jack would make more excessive demands in the future. However, he had no choice but to accept it for Roxanne's sake.
When he saw Roxanne's determination, he gradually gained confidence in her.
The two gazed at each other for what seemed like forever before Lucian compromised, “Okay, | got it. We'll do as you say. I'll annul the statement, and we can continue to work together.”
Asmile crept onto Roxanne's face after he gave in. Lucian finally stood up after they decided on what to do. Roxanne thought he was going onto the bed to rest, so she made space for him.
With a deep gaze, Lucian said, “I'm thankful foryour invitation, darling. But you just recovered, and the bed is too small. | don't want you to feel squeezed, so I'll take the couch.”
Before Roxanne could respond, Lucian turned and walked to the couch by the door.
Roxanne belatedly realized what he had called her and started to blush.
Watching him lie down on the couch, she also slowly lay down.
Lucian turned off the light, and the ward was plunged into darkness.
The two kept their silence, each with their own thoughts.
Early the following day, Jack opened the social media app and looked up news about Farwell Group and the research institute.
According to his agreement with Lucian, the latter should have already released a statement about the termination of the contract on the internet at that hour.
He waited for an hour, but there was no sign of Farwell Group releasing the statement.
Jack couldn't help but think of the marriage that hadn't been announced so far, and his expression turned cold. “Lucian Farwell! How dare you?”
How dore you mess with me when Roxanne's life is in my hands!
At the thought of that, Jack gave Kevin an instruction with a darkened expression. “Give Lucian a call!” He wanted to know what Lucian was thinking.
Frightened by his gloomy aura, Kevin quickly took out the phone and called Lucian.
In the meantime, Lucian and Roxanne couldn't fall asleep all night. They opened their eyes and sat up when the sun had barely risen.
Roxanne continued to think about the composition of the antidote while Lucian finally had time to handle Farwell Group's affairs. Aloud ringing broke the silence and disrupted their concentration.
Lucian came back to his senses and glanced at the caller ID. His face darkened, and hesitation flashed across his eyes.
“Is it from Jack?”
Roxanne looked over and saw Lucian's change in expression. Immediately, she knew who had called.
Lucian scrunched his eyebrows in tacit vindication.
Upon seeing that, Roxanne put away her thoughts and said in a low voice, ‘I'll call him back. | have something to tell him.” Hearing that, Lucian hesitated fora moment but eventually declined the call.
On the other end, Kevin looked perplexed when Lucian declined the call. “Mr. Damaris, Mr. Farwell is not picking up the call.” “That jerk!” Jack was enraged. “How dare he mess with me! I'll never let him off the hook!”
Kevin lowered his head and kept his breath quiet after seeing his fury.
The atmosphere inside the office abruptly turned tense.
All of a sudden, Jack's phone rang.
He glanced at the screen and furrowed his brows when he saw the caller ID. 
###Chapter 1709
Chapter 1709
Chapter 1709 Not A Chance
Roxanne? Isn't she with Lucian now? Why is she colling me back instead of Lucian? Jack was skeptical and finally answered the call after a while.
“Ms. Jarvis, you're awake?”
On the other end, Roxanne's voice was full of anger.
"I've overestimated you, Jack. Being the Damaris family's heir and a doctor, | can't believe you used your knowledge to poison me! Don't you think you've failed the Damaris family's name?”
Hearing her reprimand, Jack's eyes flashed hostility as the corners of his lips slowly curled up. “You still have the time to criticize me. It seems that you are very energetic!”
“It's all thanks to you,” Roxanne responded coldly. Narrowing his eyes, Jack sneered, “Since you know | did it, you should be clear that your life is in my hand. Watch your attitude!” Then, he questioned coldly, “Where's Lucian? Pass the phone to him!”
Roxanne rejected without hesitation, "He has nothing to say to you! This is between us. Jack, don't you dare threaten him with me again!”
She would never allow herself to be anyone's weakness.
Seeing her aggressive demeanor, Jack was so mad that he burst into laughter. “Very well. Why do you think you regained consciousness? Hasn't Lucian told you? He only got the antidote from me after agreeing to three conditions.”
He thought Roxanne wasn't aware of it, so he said arrogantly, “In order to get the antidote for you, Lucian has agreed to terminate the cooperation with your research institute. Moreover, he got married to another woman!”
Although he wasn't sure of the authenticity of the marriage certificate yet, he wanted to use it to provoke Roxanne. At first, he thought Roxanne would be enraged by this. To his surprise, she sounded calm on the other end of the line.
“I'm aware of all this. Just give up. I'm the person in charge of the research institute. Even if we terminate the contract with Farwell Group, we will not work with you.”
As for Lucian's fake marriage, Roxanne didn't plan to expose it yet.
“You got a death wish?” Jack was livid. “Roxanne, do you think Lucian got the real antidote yesterday?”
Roxanne uttered firmly, “Of course, | know it's not real, but I'll develop the antidote with my own strength. My life will only be in my own hands!”
However, Jack felt as if he had heard a joke. He was dumbfounded at first, then broke into laughter.
“You will develop the antidote? Stop dreaming! Is the Damaris
family's secret technique a joke to you? There's not a chance even if you ask Harvey for help!”
Roxanne's expression turned solemn when she heard him belittling her professor. “I'm Professor Lambert's student. If | can develop the antidote to your poison, so can he. I'm not asking him for help because | don't want to worry him. You'd better be more respectful!”
“Since you are so confident, then give it a try. If you don't get the second bottle of antidote before tonight, you will die from poisoning. Don't come crying to beg me,” Jack snorted coldly.
Without waiting for Roxanne to speak, he hung up right away.
He didn't believe that anyone other than him could make an antidote to his poison. 
###Chapter 1710
Chapter 1710
Chapter 1710 Shocked
Lucian's expression froze slightly when the phone was hung up. He had a lot to say.
On second thought, he swallowed all his unspoken words.
Right now, nov.elxo all he wanted was for Roxanne to concentrate and find a way to develop the antidote. Everything else did not matter.
At worst, he would beg Jack again.
Roxanne could sense his worry, so she comforted him softly, “The blood test results should be out soon. | will think of a way.” The look on Lucian's face eased up a little after hearing that. “I have faith in you.”
Once again, a blanket of silence fell over the room.
Lucian knew Roxanne was occupied with thinking about the antidote again, nov.elxo so he didn't disturb her. All of a sudden, someone knocked on the door.
Breaking out of her reverie, Roxanne looked at the door in confusion. She thought it was Madilyn.
Lucian stood up and opened the door.
He felt much more relaxed when he saw the person at the door.
“Lucian, Old Mr. Lomax might have found some composition of Jack's poison!”
Jonathan announced excitedly and then he thought of something, causing his expression to turn grim. “How is Roxanne doing? We aren't late, are we?”
He carefully observed Lucian's expression after he was done talking. Then, he began murmuring, “I don't think we're late, right? Otherwise, you wouldn't look like this.”
As soon as those words fell, Roxanne's voice sounded from inside before Lucian could reply,
“Is that Jonathan? nov.elxo Why aren't you coming in?”
She heard Jonathan's voice at the door for a long time and felt strange since he wasn't coming in.
Jonathan sighed in relief when he heard her voice. Taken aback, he asked, “You're awake, Roxanne? You two got the antidote?” He looked at Lucian in disbelief.
Lucian remained silent and nodded respectfully at Peregrine, who was right behind Jonathan. Then, he turned around and brought them into the ward.
Jonathan was overjoyed when he saw Roxanne sitting up on the bed.
“You're finally awake, Roxanne. We were so worried for the past few days! | thought... Forget it. Let's not talk about that. Everything is fine now that you have regained consciousness. How are you feeling? Do you feel unwell?”
Seeing his excitement, Roxanne couldn't help but chuckle, “I'm sorry | made you worry. | feel much better now.”
Then, she looked curiously at the person behind Jonathan and asked hesitantly, “I heard you mention Old Mr. Lomax. Is he the person I'm thinking of?”
The two finally realized they hadn't introduced Peregrine to Roxanne.
Jonathan took half a step back and stood behind Peregrine as he said, “This is the King of Medicine of Merania, Peregrine Lomax, also known as Old Mr. Lomax. He came to treat you specially.”
Peregrine Lomax? Upon hearing that, Roxanne reeled in shock.
“What do you mean by King of Medicine of Merania? nov.elxo | can't even find the antidote for the poison that young man made. I've failed my title!”
Peregrine stayed up for a few nights to browse through his medical books. He was beyond exhaustion. Coupled with the frustration of failing to find the antidote, his expression looked grim.
Lucian comforted, “Please don't feel bad, Old Mr. Lomax. Jack said he learned the method of developing this poison from the ancient medical books of the Damaris family. Understandably, you couldn’t find the antidote.”
Peregrine frowned slightly and suddenly exclaimed, nov.elxo “No wonder | couldn't find what | wanted even after going through all the medical books!” 
###Chapter 1711
Chapter 1711
Chapter 1711 Not Much Time
"You're Old Mr. Lomax?” Roxanne finally snapped out of her shock and compared the person in front of her with the picture taken in his younger days.
Peregrine nodded and asked caringly, "How's your body doing?”
Respectfully, she sat with a straightened back. “Thank you for asking. My body's doing fine right now. nov.elxo I'm sorry for greeting you in such an impertinent manner.”
Then she tried to leave the bed.
In response, Peregrine waved his hand. “It's fine. You're a patient. There's no need for you to mind your etiquette.”
He turned to Lucian. “How did Ms. Jarvis wake up? Did an expert create the antidote?”
Pressing on Roxanne's shoulder to make her sit on the bed, Lucian replied in a deep voice, “I successfully took some from Jack.
However, the dosage | obtained wasn't enough to expel all traces of poison in her body. I'm afraid your help is still necessary,nov.elxo Old Mr.
Lomax.”
Peregrine nodded. “Of course.”
Obviously, he was going to do his best to treat Roxanne. It was why he came, after all.
“Jonathan said you've already figured out some of the poison's composition. Is that true?” inquired Lucian somewhat impatiently. As long as they knew what the poison was made of, it would be easy to synthesize an antidote.
Peregrine nodded and informed the two of his analysis.
Since Lucian knew nothing about medicine, he could only guess that the medicinal herbs Peregrine listed were rare.
As Roxanne listened to Peregrine, a look of awe settled in her eyes.
When the old man finished speaking, she couldn't help but exclaim with admiration, “You really do live up to your title as Merania's King of Medicine! nov.elxo While these medicinal herbs aren't particularly rare, people seldom use them because they are often ignored. | think only you could've thought of them, Old Mr. Lomax!”
If he hadn't mentioned the names of those herbs, she would've forgotten that some of them even existed. Peregrine shook his head. “Don't celebrate yet. This is only one part of the solution. If we want to develop the antidote, we must find all the medicinal herbs.”
| believe the rest of the medicinal herbs are recorded in the Damaris family's ancient medicine books, but even | have no clue what they are. Staring at Roxanne with anticipation, he said, “I recall you are Harvey's student. In that case, your medicinal skills should be topnotch. Since you've woken up, you can help me devise a solution together.”
Roxanne felt a little embarrassed to be praised by him. “I'm just an amateur compared to you. However, since it concerns my life and death, of course, I'll do my best.”
Her tone grew more resolute and professional. nov.elxo “If you don't mind, can you tell me what you've discovered over the past few days? I'm running out of time.”
Upon seeing how fast she got into the groove, Peregrine nodded with delight as he became even more impressed by her. | must say, she's the only one who has seemed the most like a doctor over the past few days! Furthermore, even though she has been poisoned, she remains composed. Her future will be unbelievably bright!
Soon, the two began discussing the composition of the poison. Occasionally, nov.elxo Jonathan would voice his opinion.
Meanwhile, Lucian could only listen to the conversation at the side. | should've found some time to learn a thing or two about medicine! 
###Chapter 1712
Chapter 1712
Chapter 1712 DevelopingThe Cure
"| believe I've seen the other medicinal herbs in the Damaris family’s ancient medicine books before.” In the end, Peregrine couldn't recall the rest of the medicinal herbs.
Hesitantly, Roxanne said, “Give me some time. nov.elxo | believe | can figure them out based on the leads you've provided.”
When he realized she had read those ancient medicine books too, he was shocked but didn't show it on his face. “The other medicinal herbs aren't as important as the key component. | doubt Jack would've made it that easy for us to figure out.”
As long as they couldn't ascertain that crucial ingredient, they wouldn't be able to develop the antidote.
Carefully, Jonathan voiced his speculation. “I don't think it's just a matter of figuring out the medicinal herbs. Perhaps Jack was so sure we wouldn't be able to create the cure because he used an unconventional method to synthesize the poison. That may be why it's so difficult to discern the poison's raw materials.” It would explain why someone as skilled as Peregrine and Roxanne still couldn't make heads or tails of the poison after so long.
Silence ensued. nov.elxo The atmosphere in the room turned gloomy. Both Peregrine and Roxanne were deep in thought with a frown.
Even though they were in deep water, none of them intend to give up. “Will this help?” Lucian presented a bottle sitting at the side to the rest. The other three glanced at the bottle, puzzled.
Thus, he explained, “This is the bottle that contained the antidote. Perhaps some residues of the antidote remain inside and can come in handy.”
After he fed Roxanne the antidote, nov.elxo he kept the bottle. He didn't give it too much thought back then, but he was glad he did it since it might provide a lead to the clueless doctors. “You kept the bottle? Why didn't you take it out earlier?” admonished Peregrine, though he was relieved to hear that.
That revelation visibly lightened Roxanne's mood. “Lucian's not proficient in pharmacology, Old Mr. Lomax. There's no need to snap at him.”
Then she beamed gratefully at Lucian. “Thank you for being scrupulous! These few drops of the antidote may be immensely
helpful!”
Jonathan added, “It's difficult to figure out the composition of the poison and the antidote in such a short period. However, we may find new leads if we can grasp part of the antidote's and poison’s formula!” We may be able to identify the poison's formulae based on the partial formula of the antidote!
That idea excited Roxanne and Peregrine.
With a serious expression, Peregrine urged, “Let's not dawdle! Since we have the antidote, we can analyze it right now!” Roxanne nodded. “The analytical equipment in the hospital is inadequate, so I'll head to the research institute right away.” As she spoke, nov.elxo she attempted to leave the bed.
Lucian frowned as he watched her ignoring her condition. “You shouldn't be moving around right now.” The more time posses since Roxanne consumes the antidote, the more ill she looks. Considering Jack's threat earlier, if Roxanne tries to act recklessly again, the poison may kick in before tonight! If that happens, even if they figure out the poison's formula, it may be too late for her!
“I'll go, Roxanne. | know a bit about pharmacology,” proposed Jonathan. 
###Chapter 1713
Chapter 1713
Chapter 1713 Lower Head
A troubled look surfaced on Roxanne's countenance. “Are you even still familiar with the lab equipment?” nov.elxo I'm certain Jonathan has been the person in charge of Queen Group for the past few years. It's likely been a long while since he touched anything related to Queen Group's research on medicinal herbs. I'm not willing to take risks at this critical moment.
Embarrassed, Jonathan rubbed his nose. “How about I ask a trustworthy employee in my company to do it?”
She shook her head. “No, | still want to do it myself. | can't trust others to pull it off. You understand me, don't you?”
Upon hearing that, he nodded. “I do. It concerns your life, after all. Naturally, you want to be meticulous about it. However...” He carefully glanced at Lucian. Based on his expression alone, | can tell he won't let her go.
“Jack was confident no one could crack his formulae, which means he must've done something special when synthesizing it! I've been working with him for a long time, nov.elxo so only | know how to figure it out!” Turning to Lucian, she pleaded sincerely, “If we submit to him tonight, there'll be a next time. We can't allow him to keep acting arrogantly like that! We must end this today!”
Of course, Lucian understood her reasoning. However, he cared more about keeping her alive.
After staying silent for a long while, Peregrine spoke up. “Before we create the antidote, you should stay on the bed and avoid wearing yourself down.”
In response, a dejected look swirled in Roxanne's eyes. “But...” Is there even anyone who can see through Jack's trick except me? No, | must go. There's not much time left.
“If you insist on tiring yourself, you may trigger the poison ahead of time. When that happens, there won't be enough time to save you, even if you ask Jack for the antidote.” A serious expression formed on his face. “You should know you mustn't move when your blood vessels are hardening!”
Lucian was astonished to hear that. Roxanne knew what would happen if she forced herself to leave the bed, yet she still wanted to follow through with her plan.
Upon pressing Roxanne's shoulder with his hand, he stared at her with a resolute look. No matter what,nov.elxo | won't let her leave the bed!
In response, she lowered her head in guilt. “I just think | can develop the antidote before the poison activates. That way—”
His cold voice interrupted her. “Did it occur to you that you're gambling with your life right now?”
Resignedly, she raised her head to meet his eyes. “I don't want us to live under Jack's thumb.” I'm primarily worried about Lucian. He was always an outstanding mon, never submitting to anyone else. However, because of me, he's witling to sacrifice his marriage. For six years, he never made any compromises on his marriage, yet... Just thinking about that makes me feel like I'm dragging him down. | can’t help but blame myself, and | don't wont to see him defer to anyone for any reason. At the same time,nov.elxo | don't want any involvement with that two-faced Jock anymore!
“| rather submit to Jack than let you die,” uttered Lucian as he grasped her hand. 
###Chapter 1714
Chapter 1714
Chapter 1714 A Despicable Man
Roxanne had no choice but to abandon the idea of visiting the research institute due to Lucian's insistence and come up with another one.
“Ms. Xander's medical skills are great.” Knitting his eyebrows, Lucian proposed, “Maybe you can ask her to go to the research institute in your stead. Then you can tell her what to do on the phone." If | remember correctly, Madilyn has always worked in the medical industry. She even treated Roxanne with a few experts during the past few days. Her skills are clearly extraordinary.
Hesitation flashed past Roxanne's eyes. nov.elxo “Madilyn...” She may have excellent medical skills, but she's not very good when it comes to pharmacology.
After a brief contemplation, she concluded that there was no other way and nodded. “I'll call her right now and ask her to head to the research institute.” At most, I'll ask her to carry out the test before | read the results through a video call.
Promptly, she called Madilyn, and the latter answered. “I was just about to visit you, Roxanne! How are you doing right now?”
Roxanne went straight to the point. “Go to the research institute right now, Madilyn. Mr. Queen will send the antidote over later. Please help me analyze the antidote’s components there. It doesn't have to be thorough. Just do as much as you can.”
Upon hearing that,nov.elxo Madilyn felt her heart drop. Still, despite not knowing what had happened, she immediately stood and said, “I'll head out right now. Contact me if anything comes up.”
“Call me once you reach the research institute.”
Then Roxanne hung up the phone and turned to Jonathan. “Please deliver the antidote to the research institute.” He grabbed the bottle and assured her, “I'll reach there as fast as | can. We'll definitely develop a cure!”
In response, she smiled at him weakly.
Without delay, he dashed out of the room, then the building, and drove speedily toward the research institute. When he arrived at his destination, nov.elxo he saw Madilyn waiting at the entrance with Linda.
Roxanne had also called Linda for help.
“What's the situation right now, Mr. Queen? Why do we suddenly need to study the antidote's components?” After grabbing the bottle, Madilyn strode toward the laboratory.
Jonathan disclosed, “The antidote Jack provided yesterday didn’t have enough dosage to remove the poison from Roxanne's body completely. So, we still need to synthesize our own antidote to save her.”
That shocked Madilyn. “What? How can Jack do such a thing? That's so vile!”
“Yep. He's a despicable man!”
Worry bubbled in Madilyn's heart. If that's the case, then Roxanne...
Linda couldn't believe her ears. Earlier, when Roxanne called me, she only asked me to lend Madilyn a hand. | didn't expect the situation to be this dire!
Despite her apprehension, she cheered herself and the other two up. “Dr. Jarvis will be fine! She's a distinguished doctor. Even Dr. Lambert claimed she's his most outstanding student!”
At the same time, she prayed for Roxanne's safety in her heart.
When the trio arrived at the laboratory, Madilyn cleared her mind and called Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1715
Chapter 1715
Chapter 1715 What To Do Concurrently, in the ward, Roxanne and Peregrine discussed the methods to analyze the antidote's content.
"A single test won't be sufficient. nov.elxo However, we only have a limited amount of the antidote left. We need to come up with the most efficient and effective way to examine it,” suggested Roxanne.
Her voice sounded weak due to her feeble body and her speaking too long.
Peregrine was worried about that problem, too.
After the two came up with a few possible solutions, Madilyn called.
Roxanne answered the call and heard, “I've arrived, Roxanne. What do you need me to do?”
Her tone sounds somber. Jonathan probably told her about what was going on with me. However, | don't have the time to comfort her right now. Without delay, she informed Madilyn of Peregrine's and her plan.
Madilyn listened attentively and voiced her opinion when she noticed something illogical.
Eventually, they came up with three tests to conduct on the antidote that wouldn't waste it and would ascertain its components effectively.
Although, Madilyn couldn't help but blurt, “Still, there's no guarantee it'll have the medicinal herbs you need.” Grinning, Roxanne comforted, nov.elxo “With how things have turned out, we can only do our best. I'll be counting on you.” With that, Madilyn began conducting the tests in silence.
Meanwhile, Jonathan held his phone for Roxanne and Peregrine to watch Madilyn's movements through a video call. It was just in case Madilyn got something wrong.
At the side, Linda clenched her fists nervously and prayed in her heart. There must be a medicinal herb within it that Dr. Jarvis needs! Considering how many people she has saved, I'm sure Lady Luck will smile at her!
“You can start the next test. I'll check the report later,” uttered Roxanne upon noticing the conclusion of the analysis.
Just as she ended her sentence, she coughed twice. The pain was radiating from her body.
Still, she endured the agony and continued to watch Madilyn work.
Upon seeing her like that, Peregrine turned toward the instruments monitoring her status next to the bed.
When he saw the numbers on the screen, he peered at Roxanne with a complicated look. Her body's deteriorating fast because
the antidote has run its course. Based on the values I'm seeing, she must be in excruciating pain right now. Yet, she's still holding herself together to keep going. Her willpower is really a rare sight. Although, I'm not sure how much longer she can hold on.
Similarly, Lucian had noticed the rapid decline of Roxanne's condition. He could feel his heart sinking.
However, he was aware of the importance of her work. Thus, he stood quietly at the side while his hatred for Jack burned brighter. That despicable man! How dare he make Roxanne suffer! Once she's recovered, I'll pay him back by a thousandfold!
The trio in the laboratory didn't have time to look at the screen, but they could still tell Roxanne's condition had worsened through her voice alone.
As her voice grew weaker, nov.elxo the trio became more despondent. Madilyn's hands were even trembling.
Upon noticing her friend’s expression, Roxanne lifted her spirit and comforted Madilyn with a smile. “Calm down, Madilyn. Just make sure you don't make any mistakes. | can still keep going.”
Lowering her eyes, Madilyn nodded wordlessly and did her best to compose herself while holding back the lump in her throat. 
###Chapter 1716
Chapter 1716 Heartwrenching
Eventually, noon arrived.
Noticing that, Lucian asked Cayden to buy them lunch.
However, Peregrine and Roxanne were too absorbed in their work to eat.
“You should eat something.” Lucian persuaded resignedly, “Even if you don't, Old Mr. Lomax should still do so.”
In response, Roxanne reluctantly turned her attention to Peregrine for a few seconds. “I heard from Lucian that you've been staying up all night for the past few days, Old. Mr. Lomax. I bet you must be tired. You should eat something. I can still keep my eyes on the screen.”
I am feeling quite tired. Peregrine sighed. “I suppose my body isn't as vigorous as it used to be. Very well, then. I'll eat while you keep watch.” Then, he started eating at the side.
She nodded and returned to the screen to watch Madilyn work.
Furrowing his eyebrows, Lucian wanted to advise Roxanne to eat since she didn't seem to do that. However, he swallowed his words when he thought about how she was saving herself.
Hence, he grabbed the lunchbox from Cayden, plopped down next to the bed, and fed her.
Roxanne was so focused that it took her a few seconds to realize she was eating.
She flashed an apologetic smile at him after detecting the heart-wrenching look in his eyes.
“It's fine if you work. Although, you still need to eat,” remarked Lucian with resignation.
Without hesitation, she shifted her sight back to the screen and saw Madilyn had inserted the rest of the fluid into the testing instrument, waiting for the result.
When the test was over, Roxanne recommended, “It's noon already, so all of you should get some rest. Linda, please help buy lunch for Madilyn and Mr. Queen.”
Linda promptly agreed and left.
The other two took a breather.
As Peregrine ate his lunch, he witnessed how Lucian cared for Roxanne and commented, “Your relationship with him sure is splendid.”
Roxanne was slightly taken aback by that. Then, she realized she was still being fed lunch by Lucian like a child. 
Upon detecting the delight in the old man's eyes, she lowered hers with embarrassment and grabbed the lunchbox from Lucian.
Lucian went along with her wish, placing the lunchbox and the cutleries on the table.
Again, Peregrine expressed his thoughts. “The Farwell boy is much more caring than his cold appearance suggests.”
Roxanne could feel her cheeks burning as she beamed at Lucian. If it were six years ago, I wouldn't have expected Lucian to care for me like this. Now that I finally have what I've dreamed of, I must hold on to it tightly. There's no way I'll lose what's most precious to me because of Jack!
“I'm fairly certain he won't forgive me if I fail to save you today, based on what I've observed of you two so far.” The edges of Peregrine's lips curved upward as he put aside the lunchbox.
Then he turned to Cayden. “Please send me to the research institute. I want to monitor the progress there.”
In response, Cayden glanced at Lucian to seek his approval.
Instead of saying anything, Lucian hinted at Roxanne to make the decision.
“Regardless of how this ends, only my life's on the line. Lucian's simply worried about me. That's why he looks a little unfriendly. Please don't mind him.” She first defended Lucian before speaking to Peregrine gratefully. “With that said, I thank you in advance for your effort. I'll feel much more at ease with you there.”
###Chapter 1717
Chapter 1717
Chapter 1717 Incomparable
Lucian nodded, which Cayden took as a sign to drive Peregrine to the research institute. Only Roxanne and Lucian were left in the ward.
After Peregrine left, Roxanne spoke to Madilyn. “Old Mr. Lomax is heading there right now. Just follow his instructions when he arrives.”
At the moment, the trio was speedily devouring the lunch Linda bought. Upon hearing Roxanne's words, Madilyn nodded and inquired, “Are you doing all right, Roxanne?”
Even though it's only been a few hours, her face is already as pale as a sheet of paper. Not to mention how feeble her voice sounds. Madilyn couldn't help but get worried, despite not being able to know her friend's latest status through the screen.
Smiling, Roxanne assured, “Everything's fine. I'm still holding on. Nothing will happen to me.” As she spoke, she grimaced due to the pain.
Spotting that, Madilyn became even more concerned but knew there was no point in speaking about it further. What's most important right now is figuring out the antidote's composition, using it to deduce the poison’s key component, and developing the antidote.
With a heavy expression, she nodded. “I swear | won't let anything happen to you. I'll figure out the components that make up the antidote!”
“Thanks for your help.” Roxanne beamed gratefully.
“I'm Archie's and Benny's godmother! Even if not for you, I'd still do it for them! If you keep acting courteous, I'm going to be mad!” Madilyn intentionally pretended to be enraged to lighten the mood.
The moment she ended her sentence, smiles formed on their faces.
“Even if an antidote can't be synthesized in the end, | won't let anything happen to you,” stated Lucian resolutely.
He was preparing for the worst because Roxanne's deteriorating condition wasn't inspiring him to put all his hope in her. Hearing that, Roxanne met his eyes and assured softly but tenaciously, “I won't let you submit to someone else. | will save myself today!”
The couple's conversation touched the people in the laboratory.
Lucian doesn't seem like someone who has ever conceded, considering his status. Yet, Jack managed to push him to this state. It's obvious how much he loves Roxanne. It's hard not to feel pity for the two. They didn't do anything wrong. Roxanne was only poisoned because someone else was jealous of her talents.
Calmly, Lucian uttered, “I don't care about that. I'll find a way to get back at him even if | surrender. | only want you to stay by my side.”
Roxanne was moved and began to relent. Indeed, that's such a minor issue now when | may lose my life soon. As long as | can keep on living, we'll find a way to get our revenge.
Peering apologetically at him, she speculated, “Well, | don't think he'll forgive you easily if you meet him again after what happened.”
He hugged her comfortingly. “It doesn't matter what he wants me to do. As long as | can save you, I'll do it. Nothing is more important than your life.”
Laying in his embrace, she eased up. “That'll be our only option if things come to that. However, it hasn't come to that point yet. We still have hope.” 
###Chapter 1718
Chapter 1718
Chapter 1718 Wary
The couple continued to hug each other lovingly.
The people on the other side of the screen were emotionally moved by that scene. None of them dared to make a peep. Suddenly, Jonathan's phone rang.
In response, he stepped out of the laboratory and peered at the screen.
It was from Frieda.
He knew Frieda disliked Roxanne, and she only helped track Peregrine down because he asked her to.
Why is she calling me right now? Frowning, he hesitated for a few moments before answering the call.
“Are you at the hospital right now, Jonathan?” Frieda inquired the moment the call connected.
When Shawn didn't hear anything about or couldn't reach Peregrine for a few days after the latter reached Horington, he asked her to call Jonathan to ask about the situation.
When Jonathan heard her bringing up the hospital, he was rather confused. “What do you want to ask about?” “How's Dr. Jarvis' situation right now? Has she woken up yet?” asked Frieda.
“When did you start caring about her?” He knitted his eyebrows. “Don't tell me you already changed your attitude toward her just because | told you off.”
Alook of disdain flashed past her eyes as she grumbled, “Isn't it normal for me to ask about her since | helped her find the King of Medicine? Even if | don't care about her, | still need to check on him. He hasn't contacted me for days.”
She seems only interested in Old Mr. Lomax's situation. In that case, | don't think | need to be so suspicious of her. “You don't need to worry about that. Old Mr. Lomax is doing fine. Since you're the one who invited him here, he's considered our guest. I'll take good care of him. Everyone respects him a lot.”
Still, she questioned, “What do you mean by that? How's Dr. Jarvis’ condition? It's been so many days, yet the King of Medicine still hasn't treated her yet?”
Thinking about Roxanne's condition, he gloomily replied, “Old Mr. Lomax isn't omnipotent. Everyone's still figuring out how to treat Roxanne.”
Dissatisfied by the answer, Frieda interrogated, “What happened? Are you still wary of me even after | have helped out?”
If she couldn't get an answer, she wouldn't be able to placate Shawn.
Jonathan was stumped for a moment.
Considering Roxanne is currently in her worst-case scenario, | doubt anything can worsen the situation. Besides, if | tell Frieda about what's going on, she may be able to meet that man again. Who knows, perhaps he'll have new ideas. When his train of thought ended there, he disclosed, “Old Mr. Lomax couldn't wake Dr. Jarvis up, so Lucian met with Jack to obtain the antidote. However, the antidote could only keep Dr. Jarvis alive for a little longer. It'll lose its effectiveness tonight, so Old Mr. Lomax is doing research to come up with the cure with us right now.”
“What?” exclaimed Frieda. “I can't believe Jack concocted a devious plan like that! How loathsome!” Sighing, Jonathan agreed, “Who could've imagined the heir to the Damaris family is such a vile man?”
Then he thought of something and reminded, “If news about this matter spread, the Damaris family's reputation will go down the drain with Jack as precedent. You better realize what you should and shouldn't do!” 
###Chapter 1719
Chapter 1719
Chapter 1719 How Is She
Frieda was annoyed by Jonathan's lecture. Let's see what else he'll say when | become Mrs. Crawford!
“All right, all right. It's as if I've not done enough by bringing the King of Medicine here to help with the treatment. What else do you want from me?” Frieda started giving Jonathan an attitude when she thought she might become a part of the upper echelons of society.
Sensing her annoyance, Jonathan realized he, too, was giving her an attitude for no reason.
Though it was clear that Frieda had a dislike for Roxanne, Jonathan felt it was important to acknowledge that Frieda had helped them. | shouldn't have put her down like that.
At that thought, Jonathan toned down his voice. “I shouldn't have said that. You did Dr. Jarvis and Mr. Farwell a favor by bringing in Old Mr. Lomax. I'll tell Grandpa about it.”
Hearing that, Frieda was pleased with his response. “That's more like it.”
Jonathan heaved a helpless sigh. Being around his sister was like walking on eggshells, so he had to be cautious with his words and action.
“Hey, what are you doing out there?” Peregrine walked in and asked Jonathan when he saw him talking over the phone outside.
After ending his chat with Frieda, Jonathan hung up the phone. He walked over and greeted Peregrine. “I was talking to my sister over the phone. She called to see if everything was okay.”
Peregrine could not help but frown when he thought of Frieda. “Your sister is not on good terms with Roxanne, right?” Jonathan froze for a moment upon hearing that.
Peregrine only saw Frieda and Roxanne once, yet he could tell the two women did not get along.
Embarrassed, Jonathan bobbed his head in response. “Frieda is a little difficult to deal with, but she's changing for the better.”
Despite his lingering doubts, Peregrine remained silent and decided not to pursue the matter further. Why would Frieda invite me over if Frieda is not on good terms with Roxanne? Even the man named Shawn has never shown up.
Jonathan and Peregrine then entered the lab.
Madilyn, who had just finished her lunch, started operating the machines again.
Upon spotting Peregrine in the lab, she stopped working and greeted him, “You're here, Old. Mr. Lomax.”
Peregrine nodded, gesturing for her to continue her work while he stood beside her and watched.
As time continued to tick away, a molecular formula began to appear on the screen.
Some ingredients the system suggested even got Peregrine thinking about what other ingredients they could go with. Meanwhile, on the other side of the phone, the experts brought in the results of the blood test. Roxanne looked at the thin paper and went deep in thought.
Peregrine and Roxanne examined the ingredients together, but they could not quite identify one specific medicinal herb.
The elderly man stared at the molecular formula on the screen and murmured, “It seems there's no need to neutralize the effect of the poisonous herbs that appeared in our analysis with that particular medicinal herb.”
Clearly, someone had altered the molecular formula on the screen. It was unlikely for anyone to use that medicinal herb to dispel the poison.
Yet, Jack used it to concoct the antidote for Roxanne. Meanwhile, over at the Queen residence, Frieda began dressing up after ending the call with Jonathan.
After spending an hour doing her makeup and another thirty minutes trying on clothes, she headed off to the mansion in the suburbs to meet Shawn.
She could have clarified things with him over the phone, but she chose to meet him because she had an ulterior motive. 
###Chapter 1720
Chapter 1720
Chapter 1720 This Is Not An Antidote
Time ticked by slowly.
As the sky grew darker, more components of the antidote were known. But alas, there was still no lead on the most crucial medicinal herb. Roxanne's condition was worsening.
At noon, she could still sit up by herself. However, at that moment, she had to lean against Lucian to sit up. She had to clench her jaw all the time to prevent herself from groaning due to the severe pain.
“We're running out of time. I'm contacting Jack now!”
The sight of her in pain made Lucian feel extremely anxious.
Roxanne grabbed his wrist with great difficulty and said, “Let's wait a little longer. | can still hold on for a little while.” We still have hope as long as we're not at a critical moment.
Holding on to the last hope, Peregrine tapped on the molecular formula on the screen and said, “Let's do another test. | want to find out what this is!”
Without wasting any time, Madilyn poured the liquid onto the apparatus and did another test.
Before the results were out, Peregrine suddenly came to a realization and said in a deep voice, “I got it! The key is not the medicinal herb. It's a chemical added during the manufacturing process!”
The altered molecular formula was exactly the result of the medicinal herbs mixed with chemicals.
Upon hearing that, Madilyn, too, came to her senses and said to Roxanne excitedly, “Roxanne, did you hear that? Old Mr. Lomax has figured out the key ingredient. We can start creating the antidote right away!”
Creating the antidote was a piece of cake as long as they knew what the key component of the poison was. Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief and forced a smile. “That's great.” Madilyn had been busy conducting tests the entire afternoon that she did not realize Roxanne's current condition.
The moment Madilyn noticed Roxanne's condition had worsened, the smile on her face gradually disappeared and was replaced with a look of worry.
“But we're running out of time. We've spent so much time figuring out the components of the poison...” Judging by Roxanne's condition, she might not be able to hold on until we've created the antidote.
Roxanne assured calmly, “Don't worry. We still have time. You'll definitely create it in time. Don't panic.” Madilyn's eyes were red with tears when she heard Roxanne's weak voice.
When she saw Peregrine still fumbling around for the formula of the antidote, her panic rose to new heights.
Moments later, Peregrine approached the phone screen and glanced at Roxanne with a grim look. “This isn't quite right.”
Roxanne felt her heart sink a little. “Why would you say that?”
Peregrine shook his head slowly. “Based on my medical experience, this formula can slow down the effect of the poison, but it doesn't get rid of it completely. It doesn't work that way no matter how much you consume.”
Just then, Roxanne thought of something, and she was shocked by Jack's viciousness.
With a frown, she asked, “Is it possible that this isn't an antidote at all? Instead, it only functions to slow down the effects of the poison?”
Jack wants to use this tactic to acquire Farwell Group and the research institute.
The thought of that sent a chill down Roxanne's spine.
She turned to look at Lucian and held his hand.
At first, she was open to the option of Lucian looking for Jack if they came to a dead end.
However, after realizing what Jack had been planning, she could not let Lucian meet Jack anymore.
Jack already knows we're trying to find the antidote. Who knows what he'll do to it when Lucian meets him? 
###Chapter 1721
Chapter 1721
Chapter 1721 Let Me Write It
Roxanne's speculation stunned Madilyn. “It's not an antidote? Then what do we do now?”
We've put in so much effort, yet the antidote's still unknown. Roxanne's already so weak. There's no way she can hold on until we discover the antidote.
Madilyn was at a loss for what to do. All she wished was to slip through the screen and stay by Roxanne's side.
Lucian was equally shocked, and his hatred for Jack rose to new heights.
That jerk. He really has a death wish.
“Let me think...”
Roxanne clenched her other hand so tightly that her nails sunk into her flesh, hoping to suppress the pain in her body.
I've got to calm down. We know the components of the poison already. I'm sure | can think of a formula to suppress the poison. Just as she was racking her brains for a formula, her head began to hurt, and it grew increasingly painful.
“There's no time for that. The poison's properties will soon overcome the antidote.” Peregrine's voice rang out on the other end of the call.
Anxiousness flooded Peregrine's heart as he cast Roxanne a solemn gaze.
Although they had only met once, he could not deny he was impressed with Roxanne's perseverance and medical skills. It would be a huge loss to the medical industry if they lost someone as talented as her.
That was why Peregrine was eager to find a way to cure her.
Roxanne subconsciously gripped Lucian's wrist so tightly that her nails dug into his flesh.
Lucian was in pain, but he still fixed his gaze on her, looking worried and conflicted.
The same thought that crossed Roxanne's mind crossed his too.
However, he could not bring himself to let Roxanne suffer so much.
“I'm going to see Jack!” Lucian stood up with a grimace.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne turned her head in pain and said through gritted teeth, “No! You mustn't see him! Even if he gives me the antidote this time, it'll only make it more difficult for me to figure it out.”
If we keep seeing him, he'll start to have full control over us.
“Roxanne...” Lucian felt as if he was experiencing her pain. His heart ached so much that he found it hard to breathe.
Forcing a smile, Roxanne turned to Madilyn and said, “I... | think I've figured it out. Tell Old Mr. Lomax to wait in the research institute. Archie will go over in a while to help him.” Then she looked at Lucian. “Lucian, get me a pen and a piece of paper.”
Lucian knitted his brows. “Let me write it. | doubt you can even hold a pen in your current state.”
Roxanne shook her head. “People who don't have experience with traditional medicine can easily misspell the name. Besides, traditional medicines have many homophones. Even doctors can mishear it. Let me write it.”
Time was of the essence, so Lucian dared not argue. He had no choice but to quickly fetch the materials and placed them in front of her.
Roxanne fell into a deep silence for some time before writing on the piece of paper. She was so weak she had to muster all her strength to hold the pen. No matter how focused she was, the writing still came out crooked.
Lucian and the four people on the other end of the call could not help but feel worried when they saw that. 
###Chapter 1722
Chapter 1722
Chapter 1722 Contact Me Right Away
Roxanne was drenched in a cold sweat from the pain. When she was finally done writing the formula, she looked up at the screen and said, “Old Mr. Lomax, this is the formula | can think of for now. It might be incomplete. Please help me to check it later.”
Peregrine nodded. “Don't worry. I'll do my best.”
Roxanne flashed him a grateful smile before turning to Lucian. “Get someone to send Archie over. Be quick.” “Okay.” Just as he was about to give Cayden a call, Jonathan offered, “There's no time for that! I'll go!” “Thank you,” Roxanne uttered weakly.
Jonathan then rushed out of the laboratory.
“Why are you sending Archie there?” Lucian pulled her into his embrace to distract her.
Roxanne was trembling from the pain, but she still managed to answer, “A-Archie remembers the order of the medicinal herbs in the research institute. Only he can gather all the herbs using the shortest amount of time.”
Even Roxanne could not defeat Archie in that.
Meanwhile, Peregrine was confused about who Archie was.
All he could gather was that Archie was a person with amazing memory based on Roxanne's description.
While he was deep in his thoughts, he heard Madilyn shriek, “Roxanne!”
From the screen, Roxanne could be seen curled up and trembling in pain. She could barely focus on what they were saying. Aconflicted look fleeted across Lucian's eyes when he saw how much pain Roxanne was in.
No matter how torturous it was for her, she still snuggled against his chest instinctively.
Realizing that, Lucian came to a decision. He held her tightly with one hand and used the other to hit the back of her neck with the right amount of force.
Immediately, Roxanne stiffened and fell silent.
Lucian hugged her for a few seconds before carefully placing her on the bed and tucking her in.
“I'll go over and meet up with you guys,” he said to Madilyn and the others.
Madilyn nodded in acknowledgment.
Her heart ached as she watched Roxanne's furrowed brows relax.
Regardless, that was a better option, as Roxanne would not feel the pain when she was unconscious.
It was better for her to be unconscious instead of enduring the pain in a conscious state.
As Lucian marched out of the ward, he told Zayne to call in the experts. “I'm going out for a while. Please take care of Roxanne. Make sure to contact me right away if anything happens.” Lucian's attitude had softened a little compared to the last time.
Of course, the experts were fully aware of the reason for his sudden change in attitude. They nodded fervently. “Don't worry, Mr. Farwell. We'll take good care of her.”
Lucian turned around and gazed at the woman on the bed before striding into the elevator with the formula she had just written. At the same time, Jonathan had arrived at the Farwell residence.
The manor was brightly lit. Although there were three children about the age of six in the house, the atmosphere felt incredibly gloomy.
Thinking of the reason for that made Jonathan's heart ache, and every step he took felt heavy. The moment he arrived at the entrance, the door opened automatically. Lucian must've given Catalina a call.
Jonathan recollected himself before walking in. 
###Chapter 1723
Chapter 1723
Chapter 1723 Go With You
“Hello, Mr. Queen.” As soon as Jonathan stepped into the house, Catalina greeted him with a troubled look. “The children are upstairs. | have no idea what happened these two days. Mr. and Mrs. Farwell haven't been back, and the children are in a bad mood.”
Of course, Jonathan was aware of the reason for their bad mood.
He looked up at the second floor, only to feel worse. For a moment, he did not know how to break the news to them. However, time was of the essence. He had no time to hesitate.
Nodding at Catalina, Jonathan said, “I'll go upstairs and check on them.”
Catalina murmured a response in acknowledgement.
Jonathan strode upstairs.
At that moment, the three children were sitting in the bedroom, looking dejected.
Estella cast Archie an uneasy look. “Archie, I'm scared. What happened to Mommy? Why isn't she home yet?”
Archie knitted his brows and comforted her, “Don't be scared. Mommy said she's just having a fever. Besides, Daddy will take good care of her. Don't you trust Daddy?”
Alook of hesitation flashed across Estella's and Benny's eyes. They trusted Lucian.
However, Roxanne did not look like she was having a fever. Moreover, they had not been able to contact her for the past few days.
Taking in his siblings' worried faces, Archie pursed his lips and racked his brains for a solution.
He had promised Lucian he would take good care of Benny and Estella, which included their physical and emotional health. While his mind was racing, a knock sounded on the door.
Archie got down from the bed and opened the door, only to feel dejected at the sight of the person standing there.
“What's the matter, Mr. Queen?”
Jonathan's heart sank with worry when he saw how crestfallen the children looked. Regardless, he still feigned nonchalance and said to Archie, “| have something to tell you. Come, take a walk with me.”
Vaguely sensing it had something to do with Roxanne, Archie nodded without hesitation and walked out. “| want to go too!” Both Benny and Estella hopped off the bed and ran up to the door.
“You two stay at home. | just need Archie to help me with something,” Jonathan said, looking troubled.
“I'll be back soon. Stay at home, okay? What if Mommy comes back later?” Archie chimed in. Unfortunately, the other two were unconvinced.
Benny and Estella stared at them indignantly. “No! We want to go with you! What if you leave and never come back like Daddy and Mommy?”
Jonathan's heart skipped a beat. He parted his lips, but he could say nothing to refute.
Archie frowned and turned to Jonathan to seek his opinion on the matter.
Meeting the three children's pitiful gazes, Jonathan said in resignation, “All right, I'll take all of you out.”
Hopefully Lucian's at the research institute by the time we arrive. | really can bear to tell them the truth, let alone lie to them.
When the four of them went down the stairs, Catalina approached with a huge thermal container. “I've prepared some food, Mr. Queen. It's late. Bring this over and have it with Mr. and Mrs. Farwell.”
Jonathan's eyes grew teary. He nodded silently and accepted the container. 
###Chapter 1724
Chapter 1724
Chapter 1724 An Error In Judgment With the children in tow, Jonathan set off from the manor. The three little ones were very obedient along the way and remained silent.
Jonathan hesitated for a while before finally deciding to call Lucian, who answered the phone after just a few rings. “What is it, Jonathan?”
“Lucian, I... | went to pick up Archie, but Benny and Essie insisted on tagging along too, so | brought them all with me...” he said nervously. After all, he had made the call to bring Benny and Estella along without knowing whether it would end up causing more trouble.
He thought Lucian would have a few stern words for him, but to his surprise, the latter was quiet for a few seconds before calmly giving his consent. “Okay, got it. Put the call on speaker so | can talk to them.”
Jonathan breathed a sigh of relief, then immediately turned on the speakerphone and said to the children, “Your daddy wants to chat with you.”
The trio's eyes lit up when they heard that. They leaned forward eagerly as though they could see Lucian through the screen and said, “Daddy! How's Mommy?”
Their question sent a sharp pang shooting through Jonathan's heart. He clenched his jaw and stared straight ahead, studiously trying not to catch a glimpse of the kids’ innocent faces.
On the other end of the line, Lucian also fell silent for several seconds before answering evasively, “Her condition has gotten a little bit more serious, but she has written out the prescription. We just need Archie's help to gather the medicinal herbs. You don't have to be too worried.”
Lucian's response made Benny and Estella feel slightly more at ease. We're confident in Mommy's medical skills. Since she has prepared the prescription, everything will be okay!
“Will we be able to see Mommy when we're there?” they asked expectantly. Lucian's eyes darkened. “She's waiting at the hospital. You need to come straight to the research institute.”
The children were a little disappointed to hear that, but they knew it was not the time to whine. They had no choice but to agree obediently.
“Remember to be good when you arrive so that you don't cause trouble for Archie,” Lucian reminded them in a deep voice. In their piping voices, Benny and Estella replied, “We will.”
Lucian did not say anything more to them after that. He merely said to Jonathan, “That's all, then. I'll wait for you guys at the research institute.”
Jonathan murmured an acknowledgment and ended the call.
Lucian put away his phone and strode into the research institute where Peregrine, Madilyn, and Linda were waiting for him.
“You're here, Mr. Farwell.” Upon seeing him walk in, Madilyn asked anxiously, “How's Roxanne now? Is someone watching over her?”
Lucian nodded. “I've instructed the specialists to watch over her.” Then, he turned to Peregrine and handed him the prescription Roxanne had written. “Old Mr. Lomax, here's the prescription Roxanne came up with just now. Please have a look at it.”
The older man took it and studied it for a few minutes with a heightening look of interest in his gaze. Roxanne drafted this prescription in such a short span of time and while afflicted by a deadly poison. | was almost at my wit's end, but this young lady is surprisingly amazing! Although there appear to be a few flaws here and there, this prescription covers the main components. All | need to do is add a few other medicinal herbs to strengthen the body and reduce any risks.
After reading until the end, he exclaimed, “I knew | didn't make an error in judgment!” The others looked at him in confusion.
Turning to Lucian, Peregrine said in a tone of awe and admiration, “You've found yourself a treasure, my boy! That girl is a genius indeed!” 
###Chapter 1725
Chapter 1725
Chapter 1725 Gather The Medicinal Herbs
Lucian smiled grimly at the mention of Roxanne. “I'll just need your help to check that there are no mistakes with the medicinal herbs.”
Peregrine nodded and asked Linda for a pen. Then, he scribbled a few more medicinal herbs at the bottom. As he wrote, he clicked his tongue in admiration. “She's truly talented. What a genius! | can't believe she figured out that the antidote from Jack was only a medicine to delay the effects of the poison and even managed to work out an antidote based on that. Impressive!”
His words of praise for Roxanne did nothing to lift Madilyn's spirits. Even if she's a genius, she still didn't manage to escape from experiencing such pain.
Soon, Peregrine had finished tweaking the prescription.
Linda was so anxious that she stood up and suggested, “Since Archie isn't here yet, why don't | help prep some of the herbs first?”
“These medicinal herbs listed here aren't very common, so you must be careful. Make sure not to take the wrong ones,” Peregrine cautioned while handing her the prescription.
She hummed in acknowledgment. When she lowered her head and glanced at the prescription, however, she was somewhat dumbfounded.
| assumed Old Mr. Lomax meant that only a few aren't that common. This prescription contains over twenty medicinal herbs, but | never thought they'd all be rarely used herbs! Although I've worked at the research institute for some time, I've been handling more administrative matters for the most part. That's why I'm not very familiar with where each medicinal herb is stored, and the ones | do recall aren't even listed here.
Afraid that she would only create more of a mess for Roxanne, Linda had no choice but to abandon her good intentions and gloomily return the prescription to Peregrine. “I'm sorry, Old Mr. Lomax. Let's wait for Archie to get here first.”
Peregrine drew his brows together in confusion.
“Our research institute has hundreds of medicinal herbs. We had them sorted and categorized previously, but finding these twenty-old rare medicinal herbs is still a little difficult for me. Only Archie can remember where they are,” Linda explained.
The mention of Archie's name again piqued Peregrine's curiosity further. “Who's this Archie?”
Linda's eyes flitted to Lucian.
“He's my and Roxanne's son,” Lucian answered.
Peregrine nodded in understanding. “Ah, no wonder! Children of parents with brilliant minds usually turn out to be gifted as well.”
Madilyn's expression changed slightly, and she glanced at Lucian suspiciously. From his tone, it sounds as though he already knows Archie and Benny are his children. On second thought, that isn't very likely. Roxanne shouldn't have had the chance to tell him. He probably only said that because he has genuinely accepted them as his own.
As that thought crossed her mind, she felt a wave of bittersweet sadness wash over her. It's the day we've finally been waiting for! Oh, | do hope nothing happens to Roxanne!
The group continued waiting anxiously for Archie to arrive.
Ten minutes later, a flurry of footsteps sounded from the corridor.
Everyone in the laboratory sprang to their feet in unison and rushed to the door. There, they saw Jonathan hurrying toward them with the three children.
Jonathan was walking so fast that the kids had to jog to keep up with him, yet they did not complain about feeling tired. “Daddy!” Spotting Lucian at the door, Benny and Estella sped up and threw themselves into his arms.
Archie, however, restrained himself and hung back. He looked at Madilyn and said, “Aunt Madilyn, let's go and gather the medicinal herbs.”
| haven't forgotten why I'm here, and | understand just how urgent the situation is. Otherwise, it wouldn't have been necessary to send Mr. Queen to get me in the middle of the night.
Seeing him put on a strong and mature front made Madilyn emotional, and she was quiet for several seconds. Then, she forced a smile and held out a hand to take his. 
###Chapter 1726
Chapter 1726
Chapter 1726 The Bond
Linda led the way while Peregrine trailed behind the trio, staring at Archie curiously.
This little thing can't be more than five or six years old, but he's already amazing. Sure enough, the apple never falls far from the tree!
While on their way to the warehouse, Archie asked glumly, “Aunt Madilyn, is my mommy very sick?”
At the sound of his voice, she stopped walking and lowered her gaze to glance at him, only to see him looking up at her with worry etched across his innocent, little face.
Patting his head, she sidestepped the question. “As long as you can help us, your mommy will be fine. There's nothing to worry about.”
He did not say anything. | can tell from Aunt Madilyn's expression that Mommy is seriously ill this time. I've got to do what | can to help!
His question made Madilyn even more anxious to the point where she could not stop herself from leaning over to pick Archie up in her arms and continue walking at a quicker pace.
Instantly understanding what Madilyn was thinking, Linda also sped up in front of them. The four of them hurried all the way to the warehouse.
Referring to the prescription Peregrine gave him, Archie began reciting the locations of the medicinal herbs according to the list. “Second warehouse, third row, fifth compartment. First warehouse, topmost row, third compartment from the left. Fifth warehouse, last row, first compartment.”
He gave clear and precise locations for every medicinal herb needed. Linda and Madilyn were in charge of searching for the medicinal herbs while Peregrine was responsible for weighing them out. Thanks to their seamless teamwork, they succeeded in gathering all the medicinal herbs after one hour.
Then, Peregrine checked through each one of them again. After making sure there were no mistakes, he stroked Archie's hair and sighed in relief. “My child, you're so smart!”
The boy looked up at him. “You're a very skilled doctor, aren't you?”
Peregrine's expression softened when he heard Archie's cute voice. “Your mother is also a very skilled doctor.” “But Mommy's not well now. Are you able to cure her?” Archie asked, gazing at the elderly man in earnest. Those words touched a chord in Peregrine's heart, and he vowed solemnly, “I'll try my best!”
Archie bowed to Peregrine politely. “Thank you.”
Peregrine gazed at the boy affectionately. He was now even more determined to cure Roxanne.
After checking the medicinal herbs, Peregrine wasted no time in leading a team to start researching the antidote. Archie sat in a corner and waited restlessly. Meanwhile, Lucian and Jonathan stayed with Benny and Estella in the laboratory. They were all feeling downcast.
“Daddy, what's the matter with Mommy?” Estella grew impatient and turned to Lucian with a pitiful expression, hoping to get an answer.
Lucian lowered his gaze, and his eyes darkened. Nonetheless, he maintained a calm and collected demeanor. “She's fine. Don't you trust that her prescription will work?”
Knitting her brows, Estella thought about it carefully. She nodded at first, then shook her head. “| trust Mommy's capabilities, but | still have a bad feeling here,” she replied, pointing at her heart while looking upset. Lucian widened his eyes when he saw that.
Jonathan, on the other hand, could not help averting his gaze. So, that's the bond between a mother and her children. Despite everything we've done, it's still difficult to hide from these kids that Roxanne is in critical condition. However, who would have the heart to tell them the cruel truth? 
###Chapter 1727
Chapter 1727
Chapter 1727 Thank You For Your Help
“She's going to be fine,” Lucian said. Even he was at a loss for how to break the truth to the children. If Roxanne were conscious, she wouldn't want the kids to worry about her.
Although he did not really answer the question, his answer confirmed what Estella said.
The little ones vaguely guessed that something serious had happened to their mother.
Estella bowed her head, too disconsolate to talk.
Benny was also upset, but because Roxanne had been the one who brought him up all this while, he was used to being strong.
“I'm sorry. If I'd put in the effort to pick up some medical knowledge from Mommy, | wouldn't be so powerless to help now,” he uttered softly, blaming himself.
At least Archie can help with finding the medicinal herbs. However, all | can do is sit here and wait.
When Lucian heard Benny reproach himself, he frowned and patted his head comfortingly. “Waiting here quietly like this is already the biggest help you can give Mommy and Daddy.”
Benny's eyes reddened. Bowing his head in embarrassment, he said softly, “I wonder how Mommy's doing. In any case, Archie is very capable. I'm sure he'll be able to help Mommy.”
Lucian's heart ached as he crouched down and hugged Benny. Roxanne is in critical condition, and the children are worried sick. Now, Benny is blaming himself. | really don't know how else to comfort them.
Held in Lucian’s arms, Benny finally shed his strong front and revealed his vulnerable side. He rested his head against Lucian's shoulder and secretly wiped his tears.
“| want Daddy to hug me too!” Estella rushed over to Lucian pitifully with reddened eyes and nose. She made for a heart-rending sight indeed.
Stretching out his other arm, he wrapped the little girl in a tight embrace. “Don't be scared. I'm here. | won't let anything happen to Mommy. You have my word.”
Leaning against him, the two children nodded while sobbing.
The pair had been in tense spirits the past few days. Now, they could finally release their emotions and bawl their eyes out. The crying eventually exhausted them, and they fell asleep in Lucian's arms.
Even though they were asleep, their tears kept flowing, and they would let out choked sobs from time to time.
Lucian lifted a hand and carefully wiped away their tears.
“Roxanne will surely be fine,” Jonathan murmured. Even he, a grown man, could not help tearing up, and his voice sounded a little hoarse.
Lucian gave a slight nod, then raised his head abruptly to look at his friend. “Thank you for your help with this whole situation.”
Jonathan frowned and did not look too pleased. “How many times have | told you? We're practically family. There's no need to thank me. Moreover, Roxanne is my family's benefactor, so I'm only doing what | should be by helping her.”
“If you hadn't helped to find Old Mr. Lomax, I'm afraid there wouldn't have been anyone else who could help Roxanne develop the antidote. And even if someone else were to do it, | wouldn't be comfortable with it,” Lucian continued in a low voice as though he had not heard a word Jonathan said. Jonathan has been following Old Mr. Lomax around tirelessly ever since the latter got here.
Those words triggered a frown from Jonathan. “If Roxanne hadn't saved my grandfather back then, he would've passed away already. Anyway, now isn't the time to be talking about all that. Calm down, Lucian. Roxanne is going to be okay.”
Having grown up with Lucian, | understand him all too well. He wouldn't be so easily affected if it wasn't because he's in extreme emotional turmoil. 
###Chapter 1728
Chapter 1728
Chapter 1728 Hang On For A While
Lucian went silent for a few seconds and glanced at Benny and Estella before massaging his temple. I'm indeed panicking. | wonder how Roxanne is doing now.
“Luckily, you're here.” With Benny and Estella in his arms, Lucian stood up and thanked Jonathan once again. However, his tone was not as courteous as before. “I'm losing my composure, but thanks to your reminder, I've managed to calm myself down again.”
Jonathan heaved a sigh of relief. “I've never seen you so anxious before. Don't worry. Roxanne is surely going to be fine.”
Having grown up with Lucian, Jonathan knew Lucian had only ever been cold and composed. If | didn't know him well enough to notice the slightest hints of emotion in his gaze, | would've thought he was an emotionless robot. I've never seen him show so much emotion.
Jonathan glanced at the kids in Lucian's arms and thought about Roxanne, who was lying on the hospital bed. Oh! Maybe love can really soften one's heart.
“Look after them for a while. | need to make a phone call.” Lucian passed the kids to Jonathan.
Jonathan looked at those adorable kids and carefully carried them in his arms. How should | hold them? If | hold them too tightly, | might wake them up. If | don't hold them tight enough, however, | might drop them!
Feeling helpless, Jonathan ended up squatting down slowly.
After that, he shot Lucian a wary look and asked, “Who are you calling? You're calling Jack, are you? Roxanne won't like it if she finds out about it!”
Jonathan had heard their conversation through the phone just now, so he knew the consequences would be severe if Lucian were to look for Jack.
Lucian shook his head in a placid manner. “I'm just going to call the hospital to ask about Roxanne.”
Jonathan stared at Lucian dubiously for a few seconds before feeling more at ease. “Go on, then. I'll look after the kids.” Lucian nodded and left.
The moment he arrived outside, he took out his phone and called the hospital director.
At that moment, Zayne was sitting in the ward and keeping a close eye on Roxanne.
He was startled, and he almost dropped his phone when he received Lucian's call. Upon regaining his composure a few seconds later, he picked up the call. "Yes, Mr. Farwell?"
Although he knew Roxanne was unconscious, he still spoke softly as though he was afraid of waking her up.
“How's Roxanne?” Lucian asked in a deep voice. Zayne grew nervous when he looked at Roxanne's furrowed brows and the readings on the instruments next to her.
“Mrs. Farwell seems stable at the moment,” he answered. Although the readings are going up, | can tell that she is hanging on. After all, the readings ore going up at a slow pace. She should be able to hang on fora while longer.
Lucian fell silent for several seconds. Zayne stared at the screens unblinkingly, fearing that things would worsen in the next few minutes. Right then, Lucian piped up, “All right. Continue monitoring her.”
With that, he hung up the phone. 
###Chapter 1729
Chapter 1729
Chapter 1729 Worsening
Upon ending the call, Lucian went back to the laboratory. He managed to calm himself down after knowing that Roxanne was okay for the time being.
As soon as he entered the laboratory, he saw Estella grabbing Jonathan's sleeves pitifully and asking in her piping voice, “Mr. Queen, is Mommy okay already? When will she recover?”
Looking flustered, Jonathan held a child in each arm and tried his best to console them.
For some reason, Benny and Estella seemed to be able to sense something because, when Lucian was holding them, they were sleeping soundly. The second Lucian left, they woke up groggily, and a few seconds later, they started throwing questions at Jonathan.
Jonathan was at his wits’ end. “Your mommy is going to be fine. You guys have only been asleep for a few minutes. Don't worry...”
As soon as he finished speaking, he saw Estella tearing up. Jonathan panicked. He had no idea how to comfort them.
Just as he was starting to feel overwhelmed, he saw Lucian walking in. “You're finally back, Lucian!” said Jonathan after breathing a sigh of relief. If he doesn't come back, | think I'll really drop to my knees and beg the kids to calm themselves down.
Lucian nodded gratefully in response. “Thank you.”
This time, Jonathan was eager to get the kids off of his hands. The kids look like angels! But who would've thought that they could be so hard to handle? Although | understand how they feel, | really don't know how to deal with them. They had me beaten within minutes!
“Daddy!” Upon hearing Lucian's voice, Benny and Estella instantly wiggled out of Jonathan's arms and ran toward Lucian.
Lucian bent down to carry them in his arms. Seeing how red their eyes were, he comforted them gently, “I've already called to ask about Mommy. She's fine. Don't cry anymore, okay? Mommy's going to be sad if she finds out how much you guys have been crying.”
“Okay... W-We'll stop crying,” the kids choked out and nodded before wiping their tears dry. Jonathan heard what Lucian said and shot Lucian a concerned look.
When he saw Lucian nodding back at him, he finally felt at ease. However, he couldn't help glancing at his watch. It's already nine-something, and we still haven't heard from Old Mr. Lomax. I'm dying to ask if they can develop the antidote by tonight, but | don't want to interrupt their research.
Jonathan forced himself to settle down when he saw the state Lucian and the kids were in. They are way more anxious than | am. As the only outsider here, | really should stay collected.
Time ticked by, and instead of hearing from Peregrine, Lucian received a phone call from the hospital.
Lucian's expression turned grim instantly when he saw the caller ID on his phone.
“Mr. Farwell, Mrs. Farwell is...” Zayne's anxious voice sounded from the other end as soon as Lucian answered the phone. At that moment, Roxanne's face had gone pale, and she was sweating bullets.
At the same time, the readings on the instruments were soaring uncontrollably.
Before Zayne could even finish his sentence, Lucian could already guess what he was going to say.
Roxanne's condition is worsening!
Lucian looked at the kids in his arms and suppressed his emotions. In a deep voice, he answered, “Okay.” 
###Chapter 1730
Chapter 1730
Chapter 1730 What Are You Here For
Lucian hung up the phone straightaway. In the hospital, Zayne was panicking and at a loss.
In the laboratory, Benny and Estella seemed to have sensed something was amiss. They quickly gripped Lucian's shirt and asked, “Daddy, what happened to Mommy?”
His eyes darkening, Lucian replied, “Nothing. That call was regarding work. Stay here with Mr. Queen. | have to go to the office.” Jonathan, Benny, and Estella were filled with doubt when they heard that.
Jonathan, especially, could tell that something was wrong by the look on Lucian's face, and his heart sank.
Lucian passed Benny and Estella to him and walked out of the laboratory.
“Lucian!” Jonathan chased after Lucian.
Lucian was walking so fast that he reached the end of the corridor when Jonathan was just about to go after him.
Seeing that, Jonathan turned around and said to the kids, “Stay here. | have something to say to your daddy.”
With that, he dashed toward the corner of the corridor.
Lucian had obviously heard Jonathan, but he had no intention of stopping.
In desperation, Jonathan had no choice but to grab Lucian's arm. “Lucian, calm down. It's not the time to look for Jack yet!”
Lucian turned around to gaze at Jonathan with a grim expression and said calmly, “I'm going to the hospital to check things out. Help me keep an eye on the situation here. Call me if something comes up.”
Jonathan loosened his grip when he heard that. If he's only going to the hospital, that means...
“Unless there are no other options, you mustn't look for Jack! No one knows what he's plotting against you guys!” Jonathan reminded worriedly.
“| know.”
Only then did Jonathan let go of Lucian's arm, watch Lucian leave the research institute, and go back to calm the kids down. Upon leaving the research institute, Lucian sped toward the hospital.
Along the way, Zayne's hesitant words filled his mind, and he felt restless.
After some time, Lucian finally arrived at entrance of the hospital.
He floored the brakes and rushed into the hospital without bothering to lock the car door.
With his unsteady steps, he made his way out of the elevator and walked toward the ward.
“Mr. Farwell,” Zayne greeted.
The specialists had already helped to relieve Roxanne's pain. Since there was nothing Zayne could do, he could only wait outside the ward anxiously.
When Zayne saw Lucian, he could feel the temperature in the corridor plummeting, and he couldn't help shivering. Lucian glanced at the ward before landing his gaze on Zayne. “How is she?”
Zayne lowered his head and said cautiously, “The specialists are trying to come up with solutions. I'm not too sure about her current—”
Before he could finish his sentence, he was grabbed by the collar.
“You're not sure? What are you here for, then?” Lucian exuded a malevolent aura, looking like a devil from hell. “Once this is over, | think you should resign!”
Zayne was so intimidated that he was gasping for air. While his legs were trembling, he stammered, “M-Mr. Farwell, perhaps you should check on Mrs. Farwell first... She's—"
“| don't need you to tell me that!” Lucian tossed the hospital director aside and strode into the ward.
The moment he entered the ward, he became calm again as if he was afraid of disturbing the person inside. 
###Chapter 1731
Chapter 1731
Chapter 1731 Marriage Registration
In the ward, the specialists were all too busy to greet Lucian.
Roxanne was in critical condition, and the specialists couldn't stop her blood vessels from hardening.
If her veins were to rupture, she could die.
Upon seeing the situation in the room, Lucian didn't dare to approach the bed. Instead, he could only watch Roxanne from afar.
Roxanne looked as pale as a sheet, and her lips looked as though they were completely drained of blood. With her fringe soaked in beads of cold sweat, she looked so weak and fragile.
Meanwhile, Jack was sitting in his office at Damaris Group, and his assistant was standing in front of him fearfully. “What time is it now?” Jack asked in a cold tone.
That was the third time Jack had asked for the time that night.
Kevin lifted his hand to check his watch before answering cautiously, “Mr. Damaris, it's already ten.”
“Ten...” Jack narrowed his eyes, and his expression turned cold. That's two hours until the day ends! By now, the effect of the drug on Roxanne's body should have passed, and she should be suffering from severe pain now. She's going to die in two hours’ time! Is Lucian really not going to beg me for mercy?
Right then, Jack suddenly thought of something, and his expression darkened. “Did they perhaps develop the antidote?” he murmured to himself. As soon as he said that, he shook his head. “That's impossible. | spent so much time and did countless experiments formulating that poison. They can't possibly create an antidote for it within a day! Even Roxanne can't do that!”
Roxanne's life was in danger. Jack knew she wouldn't have the energy to develop the antidote. Those bunch of idiots Lucian found don't have the capability to do it. The only possibility is that Lucian and Roxanne are still foolishly trying to fight this!
Jack sneered, “Let's see how long you guys can afford to wait!”
He raised the bottle of solution in his hand and looked at it with satisfaction. As long as Lucian comes to beg me today, Roxanne will have an even harder time developing the antidote. After all, I've added so many substances in the formula that slow down the poison!
Jack's mood lightened up after he stared at the solution for a while longer. He then glanced at Kevin and asked, “Any progress regarding the matter | asked you to investigate?” Jack had ordered Kevin to investigate Lucian's marriage after his phone call with Roxanne in the morning. If Lucian dares to play
tricks on me with that matter, he's surely going to do the same for the other two matters!
Kevin dropped his head even lower and replied weakly, “Well, Mr. Farwell... | couldn't find the records of Mr. Farwell's marriage registration at the City Hall. The Lane family also hasn't responded yet.”
In other words, that marriage certificate was most likely a fake.
“He lied to me!” Jack tightened his grip on that bottle of solution, his face flushed with anger. “How about those ten subsidiary companies? Have they done the transfer procedures?”
Kevin was so afraid Jack would take his anger out on him that he desperately wished for the ground to swallow him up. “Not yet. They said Mr. Farwell must show up in person. However...”
I've been conned! The atmosphere in the office became extremely tense all of a sudden. 
###Chapter 1732
Chapter 1732
Chapter 1732 No Reason To Refuse
At ten-thirty that night, Jack still hadn't heard anything from Lucian, and he was starting to feel frustrated. Did they really develop the antidote?
At that moment, Jack's mind was filled with doubts.
While he was starting to feel upset, his phone that was on the table rang.
Jack froze momentarily and turned to see the caller ID on his phone.
When he saw that it was Lucian calling him, his expression softened, and he sneered, “Well, some things are inevitable.”
He ignored his ringing phone and walked around the office with his hands behind his back. In the end, he stopped and stood still in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows.
Jack was on cloud nine as he overlooked the view of Horington and listened to the phone ring.
“Mr. Damaris, are you not answering Mr. Farwell's call?” Kevin asked puzzledly. Mr. Damaris has been waiting for that phone call the entire night. Why is he not answering the phone at once now that Mr. Farwell is calling him?
Jack turned around unhappily and glared at Kevin. “Are you stupid? He's only calling now because he's at his wits' end. So what if | want him to feel desperate for a while longer?”
Jack wanted Lucian to feel hopeless and miserable because Lucian had tricked him.
When the phone stopped ringing, Kevin looked at Jack's expression cautiously.
There, he saw Jack looking slightly tense.
Evidently, Jack wasn't sure if Lucian would call him again.
Once again, tension built up in the office.
Right when Kevin was figuring out ways to get out of there, his phone suddenly rang.
He whipped it out and saw that Lucian was calling him on his phone.
“Mr. Damaris!” Kevin immediately walked up to Jack.
Jack swept a glance at the phone and answered it.
“Hello, Mr. Farwell! It seems that you're a forgetful person! Didn't | say the poison is going to act up tonight? Why are you only calling me now?” he teased the moment he answered the call.
On the other end of the phone call, Lucian ignored Jack's sarcastic remarks and asked, “Where are you?”
Jack let out a cold snort. “I told you, didn't I? I'm the only person in the world who can develop the antidote. Since you don't believe me, why are you looking for me now? Besides, we're both businessmen. Don't you think you're untrustworthy, Mr. Farwell?”
A dark glint flashed across Lucian's eyes when he heard that. While looking at Roxanne, who was suffering in the ward, he gritted his teeth and asked, “What do you want? | can double whatever you asked for the last time around!”
“Have you only realized how dire the situation is? It's too late now.” With an insidious look in his eyes, Jack added, “I'm sure you know I'm a fastidious person, Mr. Farwell. Since you've tricked me, | think you should pay the price!”
In a deep voice, Lucian replied, “As long as you give me the antidote, I'm willing to do whatever you want. | swear on Roxanne's life!”
Jack was convinced because he knew how much Roxanne meant to Lucian.
He raised his brows smugly and said, “Well, since you've said so, | have no reason to refuse your request.” After a brief pause, Jack continued in a meaningful tone, “After all, I've been looking forward to working together with Ms. Jarvis.”
Lucian didn't want to waste time talking nonsense, so he asked, “Where are you now? I'll go over to you!” 
###Chapter 1733
Chapter 1733
Chapter 1733 Lucian Has To Come
Jack lowered his gaze to look at the view outside the window before saying casually, “Damaris Group. I'm in my office.” “All right. I'll head over now. Please prepare the antidote, Mr. Damaris,” Lucian answered unhesitatingly.
Right when Lucian was about to hang up the phone, Jack said, “Oh! | forgot to mention that Ms. Jarvis doesn't have much time left. If you want to make it here in time, you must arrive within twenty minutes.”
Lucian was already on the move, and he was walking when he said, “I'll make it in time.” Even if Jack had only given him ten minutes, Lucian would still find a way to get there on time.
A frigid look flashed across Jack's eyes when he heard Lucian agreeing to it so willingly. He added, “By the way, the elevators in my company broke down a couple of days ago. You'll have to take the stairs later, Mr. Farwell. Remember that you must be here within twenty minutes!”
Lucian's expression turned solemn when he heard that. However, he wasted no time in agreeing, “Do you still have other requests, Mr. Damaris? If that's all, I'll be on my way.”
“| guess | shouldn't hold you up any longer. I'll wait for you on the top floor,” Jack said smugly. With that, he hung up the phone.
While overlooking Horington, Jack imagined how disheveled Lucian would look as he climbed the stairs. He suddenly laughed out loud and said, “How dare you trick me, Lucian! I'm going to show you what it feels like to get toyed with! I'll make you endure your humiliation in silence like a lowly being.”
Kevin grew anxious when he saw Jack behaving like a maniac. Right then, Jack turned around and asked in displeasure, “Why are you not laughing?” Kevin trembled and looked around guiltily, not knowing how to react. | can't bring myself to laugh...
“The almighty CEO of Farwell Group is now a clown who's getting walked all over by me! He has to do whatever | say! He knows I'm toying with him, but he doesn't have the balls to reject me! How is that not funny?” Jack looked like an utter madman. “Laugh! When Lucian gets here later, | want you to put on a haughty look!”
Kevin knew Jack was demanding him to do so, so he had no choice but to squeeze out a smile.
Jack only went back to his desk satisfyingly after seeing his assistant smile. Having gained the upper hand, Jack played with the bottle of improved antidote in his hand and waited for Lucian to arrive.
In front of him was a screen showing the surveillance camera directed at the main entrance of Damaris Group.
“Twenty minutes, Lucian. You better not be late.” Jack glanced at the time at the bottom corner of the screen before shifting his gaze back to the center of the screen and staring at it. If Lucian is late by a minute, I'll get to torture him again! Now, he's completely at my mercy!
Time ticked by, and over ten minutes had passed in the blink of an eye. Yet, Lucian still hadn't appeared on the screen.
Seeing that Lucian had yet to show up, Jack became flustered once again. Why is Lucian not here yet? Is he even coming? Judging by his tone when he was on the phone with me just now, it's safe to assume that Roxanne's life is in danger. Besides, they can't possibly have the antidote! Lucian has to come!
With that thought in his mind, Jack forced himself to stay calm and waited for Lucian to appear on the screen. 
###Chapter 1734
Chapter 1734
Chapter 1734 Is This How You Behave
Jack waited for twenty-five minutes, but there was still no sign of Lucian.
Jack's face turned grim.
Looks like Lucian is not coming. Earlier during our phone call, he made a solemn vow and claimed that he would be willing to do anything, but that doesn't seem to be the case now. His feelings for Roxanne are nothing more than a joke!
“Mr. Damaris, half an hour has gone by, and Mr. Farwell isn't here yet. Do you think | should give him a call?” asked Kevin gingerly.
Jack answered coldly, “Yes.”
Kevin immediately took out his phone and called Lucian.
Yet, Lucian hung up the phone without speaking a word.
Kevin stared at his phone before looking up at his boss.
All he saw was Jack's contorted look.
The tense atmosphere in the office was unbearable.
“Lucian! That swine! How dare he fool me again!” Jack cursed through gritted teeth. “One of these days, I'll make sure he kneels down in front of me and beg me!”
Kevin wished that he could get away from there, but he sensed Jack looking at him. In the end, he had no choice but to ask, “Mr. Damaris, what should we do now?”
“There's still another hour to go!” Jack raised his voice as he glanced at the time. “I don't believe they can come up with the antidote! We shall continue to wait!”
If Lucian did not come and beg him, he would wait and receive the news of Roxanne's demise!
Kevin secretly let out a sigh of relief when he saw Jack turn away. He then looked around the office for an excuse to get out of there.
Just as he was panicking, he saw something flying nearer and nearer to the Damaris Group building.
It looked like a helicopter.
“Mr. Damaris, what do you think that is?” He quickly brought that to Jack's attention.
Naturally, Jack also noticed the helicopter that was getting nearer. He squinted his eyes for a few seconds and saw that the helicopter seemed to have the Farwell Group marking on it.
“Lucian! You're here after all!”
Jack smirked arrogantly when he saw the logo. As the helicopter disappeared from his sight, he sat down and crossed his legs.
Lucian must be worried that he cannot make it in time. That's why he has arranged for a helicopter to send him over here!
Jack knew that he was the only one who could save Roxanne!
Everything was within his control!
Realizing that, Jack was exhilarated. In fact, he was willing to overlook Lucian's tardiness.
Once Lucian showed up, he would take his time and humiliate him!
Just as he was planning on ways to torture Lucian, there was a commotion outside his office door.
It did not sound as if someone was knocking on the door. In fact, it sounded as if someone was trying to smash the door.
Jack's expression turned cold, and he looked at Kevin. “Go and take a look!”
Kevin was also a little shaken up when he heard the commotion outside the door. However, he had no wish to stay in the office any longer, so he did as he was told.
The moment Kevin opened the door, he came face to face with Lucian, who looked cold and austere.
Standing next to Lucian were two bodyguards dressed in black who were prepared to kick the office door down.
They stopped only because Kevin opened the door.
“Mr. Farwell, is this how you behave when you beg someone?”
Jack stood up slowly and eyed his visitors with a hint of caution. Nevertheless, he was feeling high and mighty at that moment.
Lucian looked at him without any expression and strolled into his office.
Jack found his expression odd. He frowned and asked, “Are you planning to take it away by force?” 
###Chapter 1735
Chapter 1735
Chapter 1735 He Still Dares To Hit Me
Seeing that Lucian was getting closer to him, Jack was enraged. He warned, “Let me warn you. Only | can make the antidote. If you dare to do anything rash, don't ever come to me for any antidotes in the future!”
The instant he finished talking, Lucian was already standing right in front of him.
Lucian punched him in his abdomen.
Jack groaned and doubled over in pain. His hands instinctively held his tummy, and he began to sweat profusely.
“W-What are you trying to do?” asked Jack in shock when Lucian struck him without saying a single word.
Before Jack could finish talking, another punch landed on his face.
He could taste blood in his mouth instantly.
Before Jack could react, Lucian's punches rained down on all of his vital body parts.
Jack was in so much pain that he could not retaliate. He could only put up with the beatings.
“Mr. Farwell! What are you doing? Stop!” Kevin cried out in a hurry and wanted to stop Lucian from beating his boss.
However, the moment he took one step, the two bodyguards held onto his shoulders and stopped him from going forward.
Just as he struggled to break free, he heard the sound of things falling to the ground.
He turned and saw that Jack fell onto the table after getting kicked by Lucian. As a result, the things on the table fell to the ground.
There was even a distinct shoeprint on Jack's chest!
Kevin took one look at Jack and Lucian before he stopped struggling.
Jack might be terrifying when he got provoked.
Unfortunately, Lucian was so much worse, and it caused a chill to run down Kevin's spine!
Jack spat out the blood in his mouth before laughing out loud in anger. There was a crazed look in his eyes. “How dare you hit me! Are you planning not to save Roxanne? | think your feelings for her are only as such! If that's the case, she's better off dead!”
Jack began coughing and laughing crazily. He looked like someone who had lost his mind.
He had thought that the mention of Roxanne would spark some reactions from Lucian, but all he could hear was his own laughter in the office.
Jack's heart sank, and he stopped laughing. He then struggled to look at Lucian.
There was only indifference on his face and coldness in his eyes. Lucian was not at all affected by what he had said.
It was as though he was entertaining himself.
Jack was pissed off when he realized that. He ignored his pain and Lucian's cold expression and struggled to get the antidote out of the drawer.
“You want this, don't you?”
He looked at Lucian manically before releasing his fingers.
The glass bottle fell right to the ground and smashed into pieces.
The liquid within also flowed all over the floor.
Jack felt good that he was able to vent his anger. “I can only develop one bottle of antidote each time. Now that this bottle is gone, Roxanne will die for sure! Hahahaha!”
The very next second, another punch landed on his stomach again.
Jack shot up from the table because of the pain. The next second, he fell back on the table again.
Instead of being bothered by his physical pain, Jack was taken aback.
How is it possible?
After hearing what | have to say, Lucian still dares to hit me! 
###Chapter 1736
Chapter 1736
Chapter 1736 You Are Lying
The entire time, Lucian said nothing. All he did was vented his frustration by kicking and punching Jack.
In the end, Jack was unable to say anything. He could only breathe deeply to try to minimize the pain.
After a long while, he was immune to the beating. It was only then Lucian stopped hitting him.
Jack's heart sank.
Roxanne must have developed the antidote.
Jack found it hard to believe.
It had taken him a long time to concoct the antidote. Yet, Roxanne managed to do the same within a day.
How is that possible?
When he saw the coldness and disdain on Lucian's face, Jack could not help but shudder.
All the while, he had been very confident when he faced Lucian because of Roxanne's antidote.
However, at that moment, he had no leverage against Lucian. He felt only a deep sense of fear when he looked at him.
Lucian was indeed the tyrant in the business world. His aura was so overwhelming that Jack found it hard to breathe.
“M-Mr. Farwell, let's sit down and have a chat. Even if Ms. Jarvis has managed to develop the antidote, I'm sure there will be some flaws. | can—”
He wanted Lucian to let him off because of that.
However, when he mentioned Roxanne, Lucian grabbed him by his collar and lifted the top half of his body off the table.
Fear flashed across Jack's eyes. He had no idea what Lucian was up to.
With a grim look on his face, Lucian uttered through gritted teeth, “How dare you mention Roxanne? Roxanne suffered so much because of a hypocrite like you. I'm sure you are aware of that!”
Jack's lips began to quiver. He was dumbfounded by Lucian's ice-cold gaze.
With a cold smile, Lucian continued to question him, “If | remember correctly, you wanted to watch me climb the stairs half an hour ago, didn't you, Mr. Damaris? If Roxanne hasn't managed to come up with the antidote, what other things do you have in mind for me, Mr. Damaris?”
Before Jack could respond, he felt someone stomping on one of his legs.
The sharp pain caused Jack to grimace in agony.
“Do you want me to lick your shoes as well, Mr. Damaris?” mocked Lucian.
Jack was feeling both fearful and astonished at the same time.
Lucian had basically told him that Roxanne had managed to concoct the antidote.
“N-No way! There's no way anyone can crack my formula for the antidote! Impossible! It took me so long to develop it. How could Roxanne have taken one day to create the antidote? You're lying!” Jack muttered with his head down.
When he was done, he looked up at Lucian and sought the truth.
“Roxanne has died, hasn't she? Is she dead? That's why you are here for revenge, aren't you?”
He would rather believe that Roxanne was dead than believe that she had cracked his formula for the antidote.
Furthermore, Roxanne was on the verge of dying.
Lucian eyed him disdainfully and said coldly, “What's wrong, Mr. Damaris? Did you think that your poison was so powerful? You aren't willing to believe that Roxanne has managed to crack your formula after you have spent so much time concocting the
poison, am | right? To be honest, | have to thank you, Mr. Damaris. She's able to create the antidote because you have given her the chance to be awake! As for you, be prepared to pay the price for your actions!” 
###Chapter 1737
Chapter 1737
Chapter 1737 Make Damaris Group Pay
“This can't be...” mumbled Jack in disbelief.
It's impossible! | added medicinal herbs that only ancient medicine uses in my concoction. How could Roxanne have cracked my formula? | spent so much time creating such an antidote. How did Roxanne do it?
“Nothing is impossible.” Lucian's voice broke his illusion. “Now that Roxanne is fine, you better be prepared to pay the price for what you have done!”
Jack looked on in bewilderment when he heard that.
Pay the price? Isn't this bad enough?
Lucian seemed to have known what he was thinking. He said expressionlessly, “This is only the beginning, Mr. Damaris. It isn't enough vengeance for what you have done.” There was a murderous look in his eyes. “If it's up to me, you will be dead by now!”
Their eyes met, and all Jack could feel was a chill that traveled from his toes all the way to his entire body. He could not help but cower in fear.
One look and he could tell that Lucian meant what he said.
Earlier on, every punch that Lucian had given him had fallen on his vital body parts. If Lucian had used more force, Jack doubted that he could stand properly right now!
Even though Lucian did not use his full strength, Jack felt as if he was about to drop dead.
Lucian's intention was to kill him.
However, for some reason, he changed his mind while he was on his way to Jack.
When Jack came to that realization, he was so frightened that he trembled ceaselessly and was about to lose control of himself.
“Then what do you want?”
Lucian cast him away like a piece of rag. Jack fell back to the table when he released his grip.
“Mr. Damaris, you can look forward to it. Don't worry. | won't ask you to beg me because | have never intended to go easy on you!”
With that, Lucian turned around and left.
Looking at his retreating figure, both Jack and Kevin were equally shaken to the core.
They had thought victory was within their grasp and could not wait to humiliate Lucian.
In the end, Lucian ended up humiliating them instead.
“Mr. Damaris!”
Kevin was so terrified by the whole fiasco that it took him a few seconds before he returned to his senses. When he saw that Jack was lying on the table, he quickly went forward to help him.
Jack was in terrible shape, and his hands kept shaking. “Impossible. How can that be?” He grabbed hold of Kevin's collar. “How could she have created the antidote in such a short amount of time?”
Kevin was stunned by him, but he dared not let go. “I-I'm not sure either. Ms. Jarvis must be very highly skilled in medicine.”
Otherwise, Jack would not have tried all means to win her over.
“No way! Lucian must be lying!”
Obviously, that information was too much for Jack to handle, as he kept denying it.
When Kevin saw him behaving like that, he dared not say anything else. “Let me send you to the hospital.”
Lucian's action earlier had made everything very clear.
Roxanne must have created the antidote for Lucian to behave as such.
However, given Jack's current condition, Kevin did not want to burst his bubble for fear of provoking his boss. He could only remain silent.
What made him frightened the most was what Lucian had said before he left.
He wanted to make Damaris Group pay for it.
What exactly does Lucian want? Will it implicate me?
Kevin's heart raced. He could not be bothered by Jack's condition as he got him into the elevator in a fluster. 
###Chapter 1738
Chapter 1738
Chapter 1738 She Is Finally Awake
Meanwhile, inside the ward on the top floor of the hospital, Madilyn was waiting anxiously together with the three children, Peregrine, Linda, and Jonathan.
After giving their all, they successfully created the antidote at the very last moment.
Once Roxanne consumed it, all her readings returned to normal. Unfortunately, she still didn't regain consciousness.
“Aunt Madilyn, is our antidote working?” Archie asked in a worried tone after losing his patience.
Even though she was unsettled by how deep in her coma Roxanne was, Madilyn put up a strong front.
“There's no reason it won't. She formulated it herself. Besides, all her readings are showing improvements.”
Just as she spoke, she gave Peregrine a look of concern, hoping to seek his affirmation.
When the latter nodded with conviction, Madilyn felt a little more at ease.
“But why hasn't Mommy woken up yet?”
Estella, fresh from crying hard earlier, was still sniffling as she spoke. Her cute round eyes filled with anxiety.
Feeling sorry for Estella, Madilyn leaned in to stroke her head. “Your mommy's tired and needs to sleep a while. She'll definitely wake up soon.”
The children were skeptical of Madilyn's words having been waiting for a long time.
Madilyn, who was flustered, steeled herself and suggested, “Why don't you speak to your mommy? Your voices might encourage her to wake up.”
Giving the children something to do was certainly better than letting their imaginations run wild.
The children nodded obediently before quickly surrounding the bed.
“Mommy, wake up. Stop sleeping. | miss you...” Estella pleaded as she grabbed Roxanne's hand, a pitiful look on her face. Benny lay right beside Roxanne's ear. Wanting to speak loudly but worried that he would disturb her, he tried his best to keep his voice down. “Mommy, didn't you say that one shouldn't lie to kids? You said you would come home tonight. It's going to be tomorrow soon.”
While the two children took turns urging Roxanne to wake up, Archie simply stared at Roxanne in silence.
| have faith in Mommy. Her antidote will work, and she'll definitely wake up!
All of a sudden, Archie wondered if he had willed Roxanne to wake up when he noticed a slight movement in her eyes. He hurriedly grabbed Madilyn's hand in excitement.
“Aunt Madilyn, is Mommy waking up?”
He anxiously led Madilyn to Roxanne's side.
Upon hearing the words, Peregrine walked over with a stiffened expression on his face.
Linda and Jonathan were also jolted by the news as they quickly checked on Roxanne.
As silence descended upon the room, Roxanne gradually opened her eyes under everyone's watchful gaze.
“Mommy!” the three children exclaimed in unison.
Madilyn's eyes reddened. She felt like laughing and crying at the same time as she stared at her best friend.
Thank God she's finally awake.
It took Roxanne a few seconds to fully regain her consciousness.
Seeing that everyone was by her side brought a weak smile to her face. “I'm sorry to have made all of you worry.”
“All that matters is that you're awake.”
Madilyn smiled back at Roxanne as she frantically wiped away the tears that were streaming down her cheeks.
The sight of her friend's reaction warmed Roxanne's heart. 
###Chapter 1739
Chapter 1739
Chapter 1739 Rare To Find
Now that their mother had regained consciousness, the children burst into tears.
“Mommy, you're finally awake. We were really scared.
Even Archie began to sniffle softly as tears hung from the corner of his eyes.
Feeling sorry for the children, Roxanne comforted them weakly, “I'm sorry to have given all of you a scare, but it was thanks to your calling out that | managed to wake up.”
The children's cries subsided when they heard that.
“Did you hear us just now?” Benny choked out.
Roxanne's lips pursed into a grin. “When | heard two crybabies about to cry their lungs out, | pushed myself to wake up. | didn't expect all of you to still end up crying.”
She had been drifting in and out of sleep just a while ago. Even though she was too weak to physically wake up, her mind was already conscious.
It was when she heard Benny's and Estella's voices that she forced herself to wake up from her coma.
Little did she expect her children to cry so hard the moment she opened her eyes.
It was a sight that filled Roxanne with guilt. “I'm sorry for making all of you worry. | was careless.”
Her lack of caution was what made her fall into Jack's trap.
Archie, the first to stop crying, shook his head with a frown. “No. It's the bad guy's fault, not yours, Mommy! You're the best doctor in the entire world!”
Benny and Estella, who were still crying, nodded in affirmation.
Although Roxanne was used to being complimented by the children, she felt embarrassed because of Peregrine's presence. “I got lucky this time.”
Just as the children were about to refute her statement, Peregrine interjected, “The children are right. There's no doubt that you're an amazing doctor. In fact, it wouldn't be too far-fetched to say that you're the cream of the crop.”
Roxanne was surprised. “You're too kind, Old Mr. Lomax. I'm just someone who's still new in the industry. With you and Professor Lambert around, how can | be considered the cream of the crop?”
Peregrine's eyes brimmed with admiration. “The fact that you can neutralize the poison in such a short time shows that you're a genius. Let's not forget that you were able to write down the prescription in detail despite the poison acting up within you. Tell me, who else among the specialists we have now is capable of such a feat?”
She's extremely skilled and humble, and she treats everyone kindly. A young woman like this is indeed rare to find!
Peregrine's compliments made Roxanne feel even more awkward. “God just happened to show me mercy, allowing me to guess the components of the antidote at the crucial time. Besides, producing the antidote was just as complicated. If not for your and Madilyn’s skills, | would have still been in a coma right now.”
She used the word “guess” as a show of her humility.
Further impressed by her attitude, Peregrine continued with his lavish praise, “No wonder Harvey has been hiding you all this while. If everyone else had known about you earlier, I'm sure all the old fogeys would be falling over themselves to recruit you!”
Roxanne replied tactfully, “Professor Lambert's guidance throughout the years has helped me keep my calm at the crucial moment.”
The smile on Peregrine's face widened. “You have so much talent indeed.” He then turned to Archie. “Your children have equally impressed me with one smarter than the other. If he hadn't helped me look for the medicinal herbs | required, | wouldn't have
made it in time.”
Roxanne beamed in pride as she gave her children a look. 
###Chapter 1740
Chapter 1740
Chapter 1740 A Lesson
“By the way, where's Lucian?”
Roxanne had scanned the room for Lucian upon regaining consciousness.
When there was no sign of him, she began to worry.
In fact, she wondered if she had really come up with the antidote or if Lucian had gone to see Jack instead. The possibility that flashed across her mind made her feel unsettled.
Everyone exchanged glances at the mention of Lucian.
Roxanne's heart sank as she asked Madilyn, “What's wrong? Did he go-
Knowing Roxanne's concerns, Madilyn explained before she could finish, “No. You can rest assured that he didn't go and see Jack.” Noticing the skepticism in Roxanne's eyes, Madilyn elaborated, “He did plan to go, but we managed to come up with the antidote on time. He dropped the idea and fed you the antidote instead.”
The answer didn't address Roxanne's question. “Then where is he now?”
"He left after feeding you and making sure that it was working. | actually have no idea where he is...” Afraid that Roxanne was unconvinced, Madilyn added, "You can ask the children if you don't believe me. They can vouch for the fact I'm telling you the
truth.”
Roxanne turned to face the children, and Archie said, "| was with Aunt Madilyn and Mr. Peregrine the entire time. The antidote is genuine.”
Although his words brought a sense of relief to Roxanne, she was still concerned about Lucian's whereabouts. Where else can he be ata time like this? Just as she was feeling uneasy, she caught a glimpse of Jonathan at the corner.
Jonathan answered awkwardly, “Lucian... might have something to do at the office. Cayden came to see him just now. If you're really worried, how about | give him a call?”
Roxanne had no choice but to take his word for it. “It's fine. He's probably just busy.”
Despite her words, she still couldn't shake the niggling sense of dread.
As the children began to chatter away, Roxanne gathered her thoughts and talked to them, comforting them in the process. Seeing that Roxanne was distracted by the children, Jonathan used the opportunity to slip away.
A few minutes later, a helicopter landed on the hospital rooftop.
When Lucian alighted, Jonathan was already there to receive him. “What's the current situation?” Compared to the vicious expression he had shown Jack, Lucian's face now was filled with concern.
Half an hour ago, he was about to drive off after speaking to Jack when he suddenly received Jonathan's call informing him that Peregrine had successfully developed the antidote and was on his way to the hospital.
Given his faith in Roxanne's prescription and Peregrine's medical skills, Lucian hesitated a few seconds before turning off the engine to wait for their arrival.
It wasn't until he fed Roxanne the antidote and saw her readings come down and her pain alleviated that his mind was put at ease.
He waited for Peregrine to examine her and confirm that the antidote was working before heading to Damaris Group without hesitation.
Instead of going there for the antidote as they had agreed earlier, he had gone to teach Jack a lesson he would never forget. 
###Chapter 1741
Chapter 1741
Chapter 1741 Paying The Price
Jonathan beamed in response. “She's awake, and she even asked where you were.”
Lucian furrowed his brows. “Did you tell her?”
Jonathan quickly shook his head. “No. | said that something came up and you had to leave for the office.” Lucian nodded in silence.
“Are you going to see Roxanne now?” Jonathan asked.
Lucian pondered a moment and said, “Maybe later. All that matters is that she's safe now.” He narrowed his eyes. “I want Jack to suffer the consequences of harming her first!”
Jonathan, who had grown up with Lucian, couldn't help but be shocked. He was relieved that he never had to go against Lucian. Otherwise, a miserable death would be the only fate awaiting him.
Meanwhile, Jack was sent to the hospital by Kevin.
After a calm journey, Jack finally regained his senses.
“What is this place?”
Jack's expression turned grim when he saw the name of the hospital.
Kevin replied in a quivering tone, “It's a hospital owned by Damaris Group. | figured it would be more convenient—”
Before he could finish, Jack chided, “You fool! Are you trying to tell the whole world that | got beaten up? Take me to a different hospital right away!”
Kevin had no choice but to do as he was told.
Upon arriving at the hospital, he hurriedly helped Jack to get treated.
The sting of alcohol on his wound brought Jack's mind to full attention.
“Find out what Roxanne's current condition is right now! Has she really woken up?”
Jack wanted to know the answer as soon as possible, for he refused to believe that someone could neutralize his poison in such a short time.
What frightened him even more was Lucian's attitude when he left.
Prior to this, he didn't fear Lucian, as Roxanne's fate lay in his hands.
However, now that she had produced the antidote, Lucian would stop at nothing to make him and Damaris Group pay. Jack couldn't help but shudder in fear.
All my efforts were meant to expand Damaris Group, not shove it into an abyss!
Kevin acknowledged the order and left quickly.
Fifteen minutes later, he returned with a grim look on his face.
“What's the situation?” Jack asked impatiently.
Kevin hesitated, looking flustered. “Mr. Damaris, now isn't the time to be concerned about Ms. Jarvis.” The look on Kevin's face caused Jack's heart to sink. “What in the world happened?”
Hanging his head, Kevin steeled himself and replied, “Just a moment ago, thirteen of Damaris Group's warehouses have been seized by the police!”
He had not gone far from the hospital when the person in charge of the warehouses called him. Upon ending the call, he turned his car around immediately. “What?” Jack looked at him in disbelief. “Why have the police seized the warehouses? What's the reason?”
For so many years, Damaris Group had been building a positive reputation for itself and had a good working relationship with both the government and police.
Why are the police targeting us?
Kevin replied warily, “I was told that the police suspected that contraband is stored in our warehouses.” As despair set into him, Jack finally understood what was going on.
He was now paying the price which Lucian had spoken off.
Roxanne has really produced the antidote! 
###Chapter 1742
Chapter 1742
Chapter 1742 Generally Fine
“What should we do now, Mr. Damaris?”
Kevin, well aware that this was Lucian's means of revenge, was already gripped by fear. Jack's temper flared up at that.
After giving Kevin an earful, he barked, “Contact Old Mr. Damaris. As the heart of the Damaris family, he might be able to exercise damage control.”
Kevin grunted in acknowledgment.
Jack added, “Also, transfer all of the company funds right away. We have to save as much of it as we can!” He had a hunch that Lucian wasn't going to just stop there.
“Understood!” With that, Kevin turned to leave.
However, the more Jack thought about it, the more troubled he was. “Forget it. I'll go back with you!”
After hurrying the nurse to bandage his wounds, he got to his feet to leave.
All of a sudden, he felt a sudden bout of weakness in his body. He failed to exert any strength, and his legs became wobbly. The very next second, Jack collapsed onto the ground, his consciousness fading away.
“Mr. Damaris! Are you all right?”
The commotion caused Kevin to turn around and hurry to Jack's side.
When he saw the unconscious Jack, a hesitant glint flashed across his eyes.
Lucian will never let Damaris Group go. If | continue to stick with them, | will be dragged down.
In that instant, Kevin was filled with the urge to flee.
On second thought, he figured that he would always be a member of Damaris Group in Lucian's eyes. Even if he left, Lucian might not necessarily forgive him.
Upon realizing the fact, Kevin turned around and called out to the nurse, “Take him to the emergency room. Quick!”
Shocked by what she had witnessed, the nurse was brought back to her senses by Kevin's instruction. She called for a stretcher and rushed Jack to the emergency room.
Meanwhile, Jonathan was elated to learn that Damaris Group's warehouses had been seized. “That b*stard, Jack, must be filled with regret by now!”
Standing beside Jonathan in the corridor, Lucian pretended not to have heard the comment. All he did was stare solemnly at Roxanne.
Roxanne was already sitting up and looked visibly better. Nonetheless, he could clearly see that she was still weak.
Madilyn and Linda were caring for her, while the children—having stopped crying—were all smiles as they chatted with Roxanne.
The atmosphere in the ward brimmed with warmth.
Upon learning of Roxanne's recovery, the specialists came over to examine her and ran into the two at the entrance. They slowed down and greeted Lucian warily.
Lucian nodded in response. “Don't let her know that I'm outside.”
The specialists agreed before proceeding into the ward.
The sight of Roxanne being truly awake filled them with shock. They examined her while still being filled with disbelief. Once they were done, the look they gave her transformed into one of admiration.
“How is it?” Roxanne couldn't resist asking when she saw the strange look on their faces.
Having been brought back to their senses, they explained, “Your body is generally fine. The hardened blood vessels earlier have also improved. All you need is some rest, and you'll be back to your usual self.”
The children cheered at that news.
Roxanne stroked their heads with a smile. 
###Chapter 1743
Chapter 1743
Chapter 1743 Hostile Visitors
The heart-warming scene in the ward melted Lucian's heart.
“Lucian, do you really not want to go in?” Jonathan asked when he saw the change in Lucian's expression.
Lucian's face darkened again. “No. I'll do so after | crush Jack.”
Only after Jack had paid the price for his actions would Lucian have the peace of mind to stay by Roxanne's side.
If he were to go in now, he expected himself to go soft again because of Roxanne.
Knowing Lucian's thoughts, Jonathan stop persuading him and glanced at his phone instead. “The plan has been set in motion.”
Lucian looked as if he was unsatisfied with the current plan. He fell into deep thought and said coldly, “Next, Farwell Group and Queen Group will attack Damaris Group's stock overseas. On top of that, expose Damaris Group to the organizations overseas so that they, too, can join us in bringing down Damaris Group's share price.”
Jonathan nodded in acknowledgment and gave the orders immediately.
At one in the morning, an uproar broke out on the internet.
One headline read: Breaking news! Century-old Damaris Group inflated profits, cheating shareholders! Another read: Damaris Group is overvalued. Prospects are grim!
All sorts of negative headlines flooded the news.
Moreover, there were even parties who began unleashing personal attacks on the employees of Damaris Group.
“Damaris Group is a hypocritical company. Their annual medical consultation is nothing but a PR stunt, as they increase their drug prices every year!”
“Despite being a self-style century-old traditional medicine family, they don't have any ethics at all. At the end of the day, they're just a greedy profit-driven family!”
Damaris Group's retail shareholders engaged in heated discussions with each other, unable to sleep after looking at the share price.
Within an hour, Damaris Group's stock price fell off a cliff, dropping by sixty-five percent due to the attacks by various factions, and it was still dropping.
Many of the panicking shareholders tried desperately to sell but simply froze like a deer in the headlights. In fact, some even suffered a heart attack from the shock.
Soon, a huge number of them were cursing at Damaris Group.
In just one night, Damaris Group's reputation was destroyed and burned together with its stock price. The panic that resulted spread unabated.
Late at night, Hector was awoken from his sleep by a knock on the door.
He had been sent back to Bellridge by Jack. However, due to Jack's concern that he would go and treat Roxanne, Jack had him brought back to the main residence where he was being watched.
Hector was essentially imprisoned.
Never in his life had he been humiliated to this extent before.
Unfortunately, he was no longer the head of the Damaris family. In spite of his anger, all he could do was bear with it and live like someone without a soul.
When he heard the knock on the door, Hector assumed that Jack had returned to brainwash him again. He subsequently turned his back to the door and ignored it.
Amoment later, the bodyguard's voice rang out.
“Old Mr. Damaris, there's someone here to see you downstairs.”
Someone's here to see me?
Hector gradually sat up on his bed.
Jack has been preventing me from seeing anyone out of precaution, so what's going on now?
Hector staggered to the door and opened it. Just as he was about to ask the bodyguard who it was, he heard an argument downstairs.
“Where's Jack? Tell him to come out. | demand an explanation from him today!” “Get Damaris out here right now! Otherwise, we'll drag him out if we have to!” The hostile voices caused Hector's heart to lurch as he gave the bodyguard a curious look.
The bodyguard lowered his head, not daring to say a word. 
###Chapter 1744
Chapter 1744
Chapter 1744 Passed Out On The Spot
“Calm down, everyone. What's going on?”
Hector could vaguely guess that Jack had caused some trouble. Still, that matter concerned Damaris Group, so he chose to step in ultimately.
Seeing Hector stepping up, the crowd toned down their anger to show their respect. “Old Mr. Damaris, this matter has nothing to do with you. Please have Jack come and speak to us.”
Everyone was well aware of Hector's character after his many years of involvement in the medical field. Many of those present had even been on the receiving end of Hector's kindness, so they didn't want to distress him.
Hector glanced around the living room and noticed that the crowd comprised mainly superintendents of companies that had business relations with Damaris Group.
Some of them had collaborated with Damaris Group for many years, but even they were visibly enraged.
That observation further agitated Hector. He forced himself to stay calm before pressing on, “Jack isn't here at the moment. Why don't you tell me what exactly happened? If he did something wrong, | hereby apologize to all of you on behalf of Damaris Group.”
Everyone exchanged glances. Nevertheless, the silence merely prevailed for a few minutes. The room erupted in a commotion again when the crowd realized Hector had no intention of calling Jack out.
“Old Mr. Damaris, let's hear your take on this. Our companies cooperated with Damaris Group for so many years because we had faith in you and believed in Damaris Group's stable and long-term growth. But look at what's happening now! After this disastrous incident, all the money | invested has gone to waste!”
“This is all thanks to your grandson's doing! Everyone now despises Damaris Group. Under such circumstances, can we still receive the remaining balance Jack promised us? The project is already nearing its completion!”
Disastrous incident? Despised by everyone? Listening to their questions, Hector felt dizzy and utterly panicky. “W-What is going on? What happened to Damaris Group?” Taking in Hector's pale face, most people couldn't bear to continue and fell silent.
However, there were still others who prioritized their personal interest above all else. One of them immediately revealed Damaris Group's predicament.
“Damaris Group is now involved in a lawsuit, and | heard the police have seized the company's warehouses. The supply of medicine will certainly be disrupted tomorrow. Also, Damaris Group's stock price has plummeted. All of these happened because of Jack!”
Colors drained from Hector's face. “That unfilial son! I've told him to stay out of Damaris Group's operation. | warned him early on tto...” At that point, he swept his eyes across the others inside the living room and caught himself in the end.
He had no doubt it was Lucian's retaliation that caused Damaris Group's downfall. If these people discover that Damaris Group is not only caught in a tight spot but has also offended Farwell Group, they will undoubtedly cease all partnerships with Damaris Group.
Hector couldn't speak of that matter despite the agony in his heart. He could only regret his decision inwardly. It was all my fault for making this poor judgment in the past. Why did | fail to discern Jack's greediness and ruthlessness? It was | who personally handed Damaris Group over to Jack. | am responsible for Damaris Group's current pathetic state.
Remorse churned within Hector's chest at that instant.
He had many heart conditions, to begin with. As extreme grief and anger washed over him, he failed to catch his breath and passed out on the spot.
Kevin arrived in time to witness Hector collapsing. He rushed over to help him up. “It's him! He's Jack's assistant!” someone shouted after identifying Kevin.
Subsequently, pandemonium reigned in the living room. 
###Chapter 1745
Chapter 1745
Chapter 1745 | Am Perfectly Fine Now
“Where's Jack? Tell him to come out here and provide us with an explanation!” The crowd surrounded Kevin, pressing for Jack's whereabouts.
Kevin supported Hector with difficulty while trying to think of ways to calm the others around him. “Mr. Damaris is waiting for all of you at Damaris Group. Please head there now while | send Old Mr. Damaris to the hospital.”
Everyone didn't doubt Kevin's words. In addition, they felt it was inappropriate for them to keep blocking the way since Hector had fainted. After watching Kevin leave, they made their way to Damaris Group angrily.
The Damaris family's century-old business had abruptly fallen apart overnight.
Jonathan arched his brow at Lucian after seeing that news. “Will you go in and visit Roxanne now? She's been looking for you ever since she regained consciousness.”
Lucian was barely satisfied with that outcome. He schooled his features and dispelled his hostile aura before opening the door and stepping inside the room.
Hearing the movements at the door, everyone looked over. Upon noticing the newcomer, Linda whispered, “Mr. Farwell is here.” Of all those present, only she was unaware of what was going on.
Madilyn glanced at the man at the door. Then, she looked at her best friend and held the three kids’ hands while smiling. “Let's go. I'll take you out to enjoy some delicious food. You three must be starving after being busy all night, right?”
The children nodded sensibly and giggled discreetly at their father. Peregrine also excused himself afterward.
Everyone tacitly left the room to allow the couple some time alone. Pin-drop silence lingered in the air as they gazed at each other from afar. “Where were you?” Roxanne was the first to break the silence.
Aworried look spread across her countenance.
Lucian moved forward and sat beside her. He scrutinized her solemnly for a few moments, seemingly assessing her body's condition.
Roxanne smiled at him and said gently, “I'm fine now. The specialists already performed a physical examination on me, and so did Old Mr. Lomax. I'll fully recover after resting for a couple more days.”
Only after listening to her words did Lucian relax completely. Tenderness filled his eyes as he spoke. “Archie and Benny used to say you're the best doctor in the world. | thought they were exaggerating, but now it seems to me they were right.”
Roxanne couldn't help but laugh. “Archie said the same thing earlier. You two are really in sync.”
Lucian raised his brows indifferently. “There's indeed nothing wrong with our remark. If it weren't for your exceptional medical skills, | might've lost the love of my life, so | truly wish to thank you.”
From addressing her as his wife to referring to her as the love of his life, Roxanne noticed Lucian had become more straightforward in the way he expressed his affection for her.
Hearing that term of endearment, she couldn't help but fall into a daze for a few seconds. Then, she blushed and lowered her head sheepishly.
Fear continued to linger in his chest as he looked at the woman before him. He muttered in a deep voice, “It's true. | was so close to losing you...”
Now that he thought about it, every encounter they shared was initiated by Roxanne, including the times when they first got married and their reunion after six years.
In the past two life-and-death situations, she was also the one who did her best to save herself and stay by his side. Intense guilt surged within him as those thoughts crossed his mind, rendering him at a loss for what to do. As the man was silent, she looked up at him in bafflement.
When their eyes met and Roxanne noticed the emotions swirling in Lucian's eyes, her heart shuddered. She thought he was still troubled after being worried about her for the past few days, so she reached out to caress his face.
“Don't be scared. Look. I'm perfectly fine now, aren't |?” 
###Chapter 1746
Chapter 1746
Chapter 1746 There Shall Be A Reckoning Lucian grabbed her wrist just as she was speaking and planted a kiss on her lips before she could react. Roxanne was dazed for a moment, but soon enough, she yielded to his kiss, leaning into his embrace.
Her acquiescence surprised him momentarily, but Lucian snapped back after a short pause and kissed her so passionately that it took her breath away.
Amidst the kiss, Roxanne opened her eyes slightly and saw her best friend's back from the window of the ward door. In a flush of embarrassment, she struggled to break the kiss.
Lucian pulled away as she wished but still hugged her tight in his arms.
When Roxanne saw the usually-stoic man so overtaken by the fear of losing her, she felt bad for making him worry, so she let him hold her.
By the time he finally let her go, there was no longer any trace of perturbation on his face. “Thank you for everything you did,” Roxanne said apologetically, noticing how worn-out Lucian was.
"| will do anything to make sure you are okay. | will settle this score with all those who put you through this!” Lucian swore as he locked his gaze on her.
Roxanne was confused when she heard those words, but realization dawned a moment later. “Just now...” She knew Lucian like the back of her palm.
His absence when she woke up earlier had perplexed her, but she had not thought much of it since the kids were with her at that time.
When Roxanne finally had time to reflect on the matter, she figured Lucian must have gone to get even with Jack. “Sorry | wasn't here when you woke up,” Lucian apologized with a frown and a hint of lingering worry in his eyes. He did not want Roxanne to think he did not care enough about her.
Roxanne's heart warmed when she noticed his concern, for she would never have guessed back then that there would come a day when Lucian would look at her that earnestly.
To assure him that she was not angry, she smiled and held his hand to comfort him.
“By the way,” she voiced, changing the topic, “how are things with Jack now? You have to be more careful. He's a cunning man, so I'm worried he might have something else up his sleeve.”
“Don't worry. He has nothing to threaten me with aside from you and the children. Damaris Group is nothing more than a sitting duck now, so they can no longer do anything to you. There shall be a reckoning for them.”
His confidence assured Roxanne, and she remarked, “It's good to know he's only after me but not the kids.”
She could not imagine her three children going through what she suffered.
It was fortunate that she was the one who had to endure the pain, for if Jack had done anything to her children, she would have readily caved in to his demands even if he had asked for Lucian— she would always choose the kids over anyone else.
Now that her thoughts had drifted to the children, Roxanne looked up at Lucian, thinking how the incident had taught her more deeply the importance of her children having a father—the man none other than the one before her.
He and the children will be elated to know they are a family, but...
Roxanne hesitated again when she thought of Sonya's attitude toward Archie and Benny, but this time around, she was more convinced to open up to Lucian.
“Actually, |...”
She parted her lips in an attempt to say something, yet there was still uncertainty in her eyes as she gazed at the man. 
###Chapter 1747
Chapter 1747
Chapter 1747 | Am Sorry "What is it?” Lucian asked, sensing there was something Roxanne wanted to divulge. He waited quietly and allowed her to take her time when he saw she was still reluctant.
His thoughtfulness made Roxanne feel even more guilty and strengthened her resolve to come clean with him, but she did not know where to begin.
After some contemplation, she looked into his eyes and asked, "What do you think about Archie and Benny?” "| adore them from the moment | saw them,” Lucian stated in all seriousness, his gaze fixed on her. At that point, he could already guess what was on Roxanne's mind.
All he wanted then was for her to say the words, so he remained quiet after that and just looked at her sincerely with anticipation in his heart.
Roxanne's gaze wavered when she noticed how earnest Lucian was. "That's great...”
Because she had kept the secret for a long time, she did not know how to break it to Lucian and was nervously trying to phrase her words before speaking.
Somehow, she felt it was not the best time to reveal Archie and Benny's identities to him, but she knew she could not afford to keep the secret from Lucian any longer, especially after what had taken place.
It was not right for her to deprive the children of a complete family now that they finally had one.
The picture of them smiling blissfully gave her the courage to finally admit, “Archie and Benny are actually your children too. I'm sorry | hid this from you for so long.”
After she said that, Roxanne studied Lucian's expression carefully, trying to read his thoughts, but the man looked composed, as if he was waiting for her to explain herself.
Seeing that the man was not angry, she continued, "I found out | was pregnant after | went abroad. After that, | met Professor Lambert, who was a great help when | gave birth to the three children, but the baby girl died in labor. It broke my heart and took me a long time to put behind me.”
Here, she glanced at the door and smiled. “Unexpectedly, she has always been by your side.” It pained Lucian to listen to how life had been for Roxanne in those six years.
“As for Archie and Benny,” Roxanne went on with her gaze low, her tone lamenting, "I initially planned on staying overseas for good and never coming back.”
| wanted to hide them from you because | feared you would take them from me.
At that point, Roxanne thought Archie and Benny were all she had in life.
“You were afraid | would take them from you,” Lucian worded her thought, to which Roxanne smiled with her lips pursed, admitting the truth of the statement.
“I'm sorry you were separated from the boys for so long because of me,” she apologized.
“No. You don't have to apologize because it's my fault. | was the one who hurt you and betrayed your trust six years ago. | promise | will earn your trust back bit by bit. I'm glad that they were able to stay by your side all those years in my stead.”
Lucian believed everything had turned out how it was meant to be since Archie and Benny were why Roxanne managed to pull through those years without feeling lonely and why he could win herback so quickly.
Roxanne felt a burden off her chest when she saw that Lucian did not blame her, but something still bothered her.
“Don't you have anything to ask me? This is a serious matter. Do you really believe what | said, just like that?” 
###Chapter 1748
Chapter 1748
Chapter 1748 A Second Chance
Roxanne could not wrap her head around Lucian's reaction because, personally, she was staggered when she found out that Estella was her daughter, but Lucian's face showed almost no traces of any emotions or doubt.
Does he trust me that much, or is it because he knew about it already?
A frown marred her brows at the thought.
Looking at the anxious woman, Lucian caressed her head, saying. “I knew about this. That's why I'm not surprised.” "When?” Roxanne blurted.
Then, it occurred to her that Lucian's attitude toward Archie and Benny had always been the same, even before she fell unconscious.
Just as Lucian said, he had always been fond of the boys, although they disliked him because of Roxanne initially.
It did not matter whether it was because of his feelings for her or because he genuinely loved Archie and Bennie. Either way, it was evident that he cared for the boys as much as he did Estella, especially when he had made their background public to protect them.
Roxanne recalled everything that happened, but the more she thought about it, the harder it was for her to pinpoint when exactly Lucian found out the truth.
“| went to Colby to see if there was a way to save you when you fell unconscious. | was over the moon when | learned the boys are mine, but | was more worried about you at the time.”
Since Lucian already knew they were his sons, it did not come off as surprising for him when Roxanne revealed the truth. “So, it was him...” A sense of resignation washed over Roxanne at the mention of Colby's name.
Reading her mind, Lucian said, “Colby really regrets what he did. Actually, he's partially why you managed to recover this time, so | took the liberty of inviting him to return to work at the research institute after his jail sentence ends. Of course, | can always send him elsewhere if you don't feel comfortable about it.”
Roxanne was astonished to hear the news. “Well, | definitely don't mind if he is sorry for what he did. It’s just that...”
Roxanne intended to give Colby the benefit of the doubt and was more than happy to work with him again since they went a long way back, but she was unsure if Lucian would get jealous.
“| warned him | wouldn't let him off the hook this easily if he were to do anything to harm you or the children again,” Lucian asserted with a frown.
Roxanne smiled at his reply. “I'll make sure to be on my guard too.”
Now that she thought about it, she found it ironic that she—a doctor—had repeatedly been drugged.
| bet Professor Lambert will say | need to go back to school. | need to hone my medical skills after | get discharged from the hospital to save more people and take better care of myself.
When Lucian saw that Roxanne was being critical of herself, he quickly changed the topic.
“By the way, | might have come to terms with Archie and Benny's relationship with me, but I'm still disgruntled by the fact that some other man was in the know before | was.”
The fact that Colby was the one who took care of her throughout her pregnancy made Lucian feel guilty, or more precisely, jealous. 
###Chapter 1749
Chapter 1749
Chapter 1749 It Was My Fault Roxanne collected her thoughts the moment she sensed the jealousy in Lucian's voice.
Certain that the man was not upset about her keeping the truth from him since he pampered her too much to find fault in her, she turned the tables and argued instead, “Come on. Do you think we would have stayed hidden if we didn't need to? | figured you would recognize them since they look so much like you. That's why we never came back.”
Caught off guard by her questioning, Lucian was suddenly stumped for words. Now that Roxanne had pointed it out, he realized Archie and Benny did take after him in terms of looks. “Well, | was so caught up with getting you back | didn't notice that.”
The thought of his oversight suddenly made Lucian feel guilty. “I thought someone else was their father. At that point, | even told myself that | would teach that irresponsible man a lesson if he were to go looking for you guys, but it turns out | am the guy.”
The hatred Lucian felt toward Archie and Benny's unknown father had turned into self-recrimination ever since he learned the truth about the children.
"I'm sorry you had to go through all that. None of this will happen again. | promise | will make it up to you all.”
“It sure was tough back then. | wouldn't have tried so hard to hide their existence if | had known you couldn't tell who they were,” Roxanne complained, trying to pull his leg.
“It's all my fault. | should've found out who they were earlier and spared you all the years of hiding.”
When he thought about how the children and Roxanne could have lived differently if he had found them earlier, the ambiance in the room became tense as the guilt in Lucian's heart grew.
Noticing that he had fallen for her act, she quickly said, “It's okay. | should've known that a busy man like you wouldn't have time to pay attention to people's looks. In fact, | doubt you even know what you look like now.”
The expression on Lucian's face showed her words had struck him as accurate, for indeed, he had never paid any attention to his own appearance.
Caught by surprise by his reaction, Roxanne burst out in laughter, saying, “Estella actually looks a lot like you too.”
Her comments put a deeper frown on his forehead.
“Well,” Roxanne added, shaking her head, “Estella might have my eyes, but the rest of her features take after yours. Also, you were still with Aubree then, and your mom kept saying Estella's mom was somebody else, so | didn't think much about it.”
Not to mention | was under the impression that my daughter had died, so | never once thought Estella could be her.
Because her daughter's apparent death was a heavy topic, Roxanne did not say it out loud, but what she expressed was already enough to add more weight to Lucian's guilty conscience.
“It's all my fault. | should've told you | found out about it.” Lucian knew there was nothing else he could do but apologize, yet Roxanne smiled forgivingly at him.
“It's okay. What matters now is that we still found each other when we didn't know anything about the children. They are happy where they are now. That's the most important thing.”
Having reconciled with one another now that they had opened up honestly about their feelings, Lucian and Roxanne looked into each other's eyes lovingly and chatted till midnight. At that point, Lucian finally coaxed her to bed, after which he left to send off the visitors. 
###Chapter 1750
Chapter 1750
Chapter 1750 | Hope So News about Damaris Group spread like wildfire the subsequent morning.
When Roxanne woke up, discussions about the company had already dominated the online world after everything that unraveled the night before.
Many scrambled to cut ties with Damaris Group; some even leveled accusations against them.
Insiders went on to reveal that Damaris Group had undergone a drastic change after Jack took over, as he would turn a blind eye to numerous illegal operations.
In fact, many drugs did not even go through proper testing before hitting the market at a price way higher than market standards. The profit-driven company could not care less about consumer safety, considering Jack even worked with unregistered drug producers, leaving product quality questionable.
On top of that, he was found to have bribed private hospitals to buy the drugs in a deliberate attempt to drive up the prices.
Following these revelations from company employees, patients began to disclose their consultation records online, accusing the company of disregarding human lives.
Patient A wrote: That guy has no conscience. | chose that hospital because of Damaris Group's reputation, but | lost both my health and wealth because of an unethical doctor in that hospital. | went in with just a minor illness but came out with a serious disease!
Patient B added: Their medical consultations are all just an act. They would blow up the seriousness of senior patients’ conditions so that we would seek out treatment at their hospitals, where we often end up paying a high price for drugs.
Another customer shared: They also make false claims about their products, packaging regular supplements as miracle-makers that cure cancers. We bought the story because of the brand, and our health was jeopardized. Someone even died because of it, but nothing was done because they bought over all the media outlets to silence complaints.
Anetizen commented: The company got what it deserved!
In a short period, comments flooded in to accuse and rebuke Damaris Group, leaving the reputation of the century-old prominent medical family in tatters.
Their fall from grace left Roxanne disturbed and confused.
To her, Jack should have grown up to be an honorable man, given the noble values that the family had upheld, but he turned out to be a selfish and devious man who would do anything to get what he wanted.
As a doctor, it was apparent that he had not the slightest respect for human lives.
Speaking of, this reminds me that he intended to price the new batch of drugs at three hundred. That price was still reasonable, but from what I gathered online, | don't think things would have ended up well for our research institution if we had worked with them. Who knows how much he would have wanted to sell our new products for? Worse still, we might even have lost our reputation because of him.
Just as Roxanne was deep in thought, Lucian entered and saw her expression. “What's the matter? You seem worried.”
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and explained, “I just read the news about Damaris Group. | can't believe what Jack did. | wonder how many people were affected because of his evil deeds.”
“This is already everywhere on the news. | suppose no one else will fall prey to their lies now. As for Jack, he will have to face the consequences of his actions,” Lucian replied, his face darkened.
“| hope so.”
Roxanne sighed and could not help but feel it was a shame for the medical industry to lose a prestigious family with a long history in that field.
She was certain that their downfall was singlehandedly caused by Jack and that Hector had been blindsided.
| wonder if Old Mr. Damaris will be able to take it... 
###Chapter 1751
Chapter 1751
Chapter 1751 Did You Talk Him Into It In just half a day, news about Damaris Group spread across Horington and even caught the government's attention.
The police were mobilized to seal off Damaris Group's storehouse before investigators stepped into the company to get to the bottom of the scandal, freezing all the company operations.
Meanwhile, Hector was on his bed at a mansion in Horington.
Upon learning about the scandal, he clutched his chest, struggling to breathe.
Beside him, Kevin steeled himself and asked, “What should we do now, Old Mr. Damaris?” Last night, Kevin had sent Hector to the hospital immediately after the latter had collapsed. Fortunately, some medication was enough to help him recover since it was nothing major.
After that, the assistant transferred Hector from the primary residence to a mansion in a quiet village since he guessed things would get out of hand.
Although the old man had just gotten better, Kevin had no choice but to inquire about their next course of action since Hector was the only person who could salvage the situation now.
“Are you seriously asking me what to do? Why don't you ask yourself that? Why didn’t you tell me about what he's been doing?” Hector fumed at the question.
His breathing became more labored as he thought of everything that Jack did in the name of Damaris Group on the sly.
It took us a hundred years to get to where we ore today. We've always put our patients first, but look at what he did! He wasted our efforts and shattered our reputation just like that! | can't believe | chose him to be the heir! This is a shame to the family!
“That fool! Fool! There's no saving Damaris Group now, even if | kneel and apologize to all the patients! Has that brat forgotten about what | taught him since he was young? The family doesn't have a two-faced hypocrite like him!” Hector chastised and slammed the table in grief.
Seeing this, Kevin quickly got the old man some water. “Calm down, Old Mr. Damaris. You need to take care of your body. It'll be the end for the Damaris family if anything happens to you.”
Hector slapped the cup out of Kevin's hand and glared angrily at him. “You have a hand in this too!”
Taken over by his emotions, Hector got up from the couch and staggered toward the assistant with his staff.
“Both of you entered the company at the same time and have been working together for so long. Don't tell me you don't have any idea what he was doing all this while?”
Hector's hands shook uncontrollably around his walking stick as Kevin lowered his head at the interrogation. Incensed, Hector raised his other hand and slapped the assistant.
“Did you talk him into doing this? Speak!”
Hector could not believe how a child who grew up under the good influence of the Damaris family could do something so wicked unless someone swayed him.
He refused to believe that that greedy man was a product of the family.
Disconcerted by the accusation, the assistant quickly defended himself, “Old Mr. Damaris, you know what Mr. Damaris is like. He never listens to anyone—let alone someone like me! | indeed knew what he did, but it's equally true that | tried to dissuade him from doing it. There's nothing else | could do because he didn't want to listen!”
Damaris Group wouldn't have been caught in this quandary if he had listened to me and not crossed the Farwells! 
###Chapter 1752
Chapter 1752
Chapter 1752 FleeingTo Escape Punishment
“You!” Upon hearing the assistant's words, Hector exploded in rage. His vision darkened momentarily, and he almost fell over due to anger.
Kevin hurriedly moved forward to support him.
“Old Mr. Damaris, everything I've said is true! Nothing can stop Mr. Damaris from doing what he wants to do! Please take care of yourself. You're the only person Damaris Group can count on now!” the assistant said while gently patting Hector's chest to help him breathe more easily.
Hector panted heavily, and the lack of oxygen was evident as the color drained from his face. Kevin immediately fed him a pill to ease his condition.
After Hector regained his composure, he looked at the assistant with sadness in his eyes and asked for confirmation, “Is that so?"
The younger man bobbed his head carefully.
“This is just ridiculous.” Hector shook his head in disappointment. “The Damaris family has been doing good deeds and accumulating virtue for generations. How could someone among us be so greedy for money?”
After that, he apologized to the assistant. "It seems | misunderstood you. But why didn't you tell me earlier that he was doing all those things behind my back?”
Seeing how heartbroken Hector was, Kevin felt sorry for him. “Old Mr. Damaris, please don't make things difficult for me. I'm just an assistant. How would | dare to go against Mr. Damaris' wishes?”
Upon hearing that, Hector nodded and sighed. “Where is Jack? Ask him to come to see me and give me an explanation. Otherwise, how can | face our ancestors in the future?”
Kevin looked hesitant. “Mr. Damaris, he...” Hector's heart sank as he noticed the hesitation. “Where is he?”
“Mr. Damaris should have already left Horington by now. He would have faced imprisonment if he hadn't left...” the assistant replied anxiously.
Last night, Jack passed out from anger and anxiety but recovered quickly. He then sent his assistant over to tell Hector that only he could save the Damaris family.
As for Jack, he had discharged himself from the hospital overnight and had secretly prepared to flee abroad before the situation worsened.
After learning that his grandson had left, Hector got agitated again. “He left just like that? He put the entire Damaris Group in hot soup, yet he dares to run away without telling us? | must have been blind to have chosen him as the heir to Damaris Group!” He could not help but tremble with anger.
If Jack had repented, apologized to the public, and confessed his crimes, there might still have been a chance to restore the reputation of Damaris Group.
Yet, his unfilial grandson had chosen to flee for fear of punishment! He has dug a grave for Damaris Group!
Hector's heart sank when he thought about the possible fate of the Damaris family in the future. “For generations, researching pharmacology has been the mission of the Damaris family. We were even willing to sacrifice our lives for pharmacology! Yet, he only cares about money. What's wrong with people of this generation? Hasn't he thought about what would happen to the Damaris family if the truth were exposed?”
The assistant steeled himself and responded, "Old Mr. Damaris, it's all Farwell Group's doing...” He was hoping Hector could appeal to Lucian for mercy. He might be willing to spare us if we plead with him.
Before he could complete his sentence, the enraged Hector interjected, “You reap what you sow! All of these scandals could have been avoided if Jack had followed the management standards set by his predecessors. If it wasn't for Farwell Group's intervention, Jack might have caused even more problems than he already has!” 
###Chapter 1753
Chapter 1753
Chapter 1753 Why Are You Still Here Upon witnessing Hector's outburst, Kevin could only keep mum, fearing that his words would further infuriate the former.
Meanwhile, Jack appeared in haste at an isolated pier on the city outskirts, carrying a small silver suitcase with him and nothing else.
After regaining consciousness from his coma the night before, Jack finally grasped the severity of the situation. Even if the police were to release me, I'm certain that Lucian would still come after me if | didn't flee immediately.
Hence, he spent the night devising an escape plan and made all the necessary arrangements. Preceding this event, he had already enacted a contingency strategy by transferring a portion of his assets overseas.
As long as he could escape safely today, he could still live a luxurious life abroad. | might even make a comeback when the opportunities arise! And I'll take revenge against those who once stood in my way! Lucian and Roxanne brought down Damaris Group, which | had spent my entire life building. I'll not show them any mercy when | return!
Jack recalled last night's incident, and his expression turned cold.
He waited for an indeterminate amount of time at the pier, but the ferry had not arrived. That only served to fuel his growing anxiety. Has Lucian found out my whereabouts?
Upon realizing the possibility, Jack started panicking. He reluctantly took out his phone, wanting to urge them to speed up.
Yet, at the same time, he was also worried that making a phone call could easily expose his location. In the end, he gritted his teeth and gave up the idea.
Jack could not help but cuss, “D’mn it! Where are those people?” Just when he turned around and was ready to leave, a honk suddenly sounded behind him. Awave of relief washed over Jack when he turned and saw the ferry approaching the pier.
"I'm sorry for the delay, Mr. Damaris. Our ferry encountered some rough weather on the way back.” The captain greeted him with a respectful apology.
Jack glared at him before saying, “When can we leave?”
The captain responded, "Right away, sir!”
He then extended his hand, offering to help Jack board the ferry. Jack snorted coldly at his response and stepped onto the ferry.
The captain followed behind, watching Jack's back and secretly heaving a sigh of relief. Thank God | arrived on time. Otherwise, | wouldn't know how to explain to that man...
"Get some rest here. I'll get my men to start operating the ferry,” the captain said while bringing Jack into a lounge. He then turned around and left.
Jack did not give it much thought.
Now that he had successfully boarded the ferry, leaving the country was only a matter of time. Moreover, the captain had promised him to depart right away.
Jack casually opened his suitcase and checked all the documents and cash inside it.
Yet, after inspecting all the contents in the suitcase, there was still no sign of the ship departing. Jack's anxiety began to grow, and he wanted to step out of the lounge to find out what happened. Just as he opened the door, the captain arrived.
"What's going on? Why are we not leaving yet?” Jack questioned him impatiently.
The captain wiped his forehead anxiously and apologized. “I'm very sorry, Mr. Damaris. Our ferry needs some repair work for a small part due to the rough weather we encountered earlier. Please be patient with us, and we'll depart as soon as the repairs are done!”
Jack felt a twinge of suspicion at the captain's words. First, they were late, and now a part of the ferry is damaged—are these all just a coincidence? 
###Chapter 1754
Chapter 1754
Chapter 1754 Fine And Dandy Jack scrutinized the person in front of him.
The captain lowered his head under Jack's gaze. Fear and humility were written all over his face as he shuddered at the thought of enraging Jack. With a cautious approach, the captain tried to explain, “I believe you know, sir, that we usually face various unpredictable issues at sea, but fret not! My crew is highly experienced. Don't worry, sir. You won't have to wait for long.”
Only after the captain's reassurance did Jack's expression gradually soften. “How long more will it take? Give me an estimation.”
The captain breathed a sigh of relief. “Half an hour at most! It's almost noon. If you're hungry, I'll get the kitchen to prepare lunch for you. After you've finished your meal, we'll be ready to set sail!”
Expectedly, Jack was not in the mood to enjoy a meal. He waved at the captain impatiently. “No need for that. I'll take a coffee instead!”
Humming in agreement, the captain turned around to execute Jack's order. Within minutes, someone showed up and served Jack the coffee he asked for.
With each passing second, Jack was getting increasingly restless. He tried to keep himself occupied by checking the items in his suitcase over and over again in an attempt to relieve his anxiety.
When the coffee was served, Jack took the cup and downed it all in one gulp without even turning to look. The next second, however, he almost spat out the coffee, repulsed by the bizarre taste of the liquid.
"What is this sh*t? You call this coffee?” Jack began cursing up a storm as he smashed the cup to the ground. “This is the treatment | get from you after paying you so much? You deadbeats can't even be punctual!”
With that, Jack closed up the suitcase, picked it up, and began to make his way to the door. “Scram! Get out of my sight! I'm hiring someone else!”
“My mistake. Mr. Damaris has a stomach made of refined gold. How can it tolerate cheap and expired instant coffee powder?” A mocking voice sounded beside him.
Jack's judgment was clouded by his fury. When he heard that sentence, he snapped his head in the direction of the voice and shot the person who spoke a murderous glare.
Instantly, Jack caught sight of Jonathan standing at the doorway with a hand in his pocket. Mockery and disdain were etched on the latter's face as he watched Jack as though he was watching a clown performing tricks.
Beside Jonathan were Lucian and Roxanne. Standing side by side, neither of them showed a hint of emotion.
At the sight of the trio, Jack froze and turned to look at the ferry crew beside him in disbelief before turning to look at the three at the doorway once again.
It's really them! What are they doing here?
Jack had planned his escape all by himself. Even his personal assistant was only aware of the fact that he was planning to flee. So how did they figure out where | am?
“Are you planning to hire someone else now, Mr. Damaris?” Jonathan arched an eyebrow at Jack. “What do you think of me as a candidate? I'm quite skilled in operating a boat! However, my sense of direction needs a bit of polishing. We might not be able to go to the open seas, but we might end up at the police station.”
Upon hearing Jonathan's words, Jack stumbled a step backward. “H-How did you know?”
“How did | know your plans?” Jonathan smirked before gesturing to the person standing beside him with his eyes.
Jack followed Jonathan's gaze and saw Lucian. Once again, he was shocked beyond words.
Lucian? How did he find me?
As his eyes met Lucian’s, the latter finally broke the silence. His tone was bone-chilling.
“Surely you didn't think that everything would be fine and dandy once you've escaped overseas after you've done something like that to Roxanne, Mr. Damaris?”
Lucian's gaze was even colder than the night before.
At the memory of his encounter with Lucian the night before, Jack could feel the pain radiating from his unhealed wound. Within a split second, his face turned pale.
“Even if you flee to the edge of the skies and the corners of the world, | will never let you off the hook!” Lucian stated expressionlessly. “Moreover, | don't plan on giving you the chance to flee.” 
###Chapter 1755
Chapter 1755
Chapter 1755 So Wrong
The hand Jack was using to hold his suitcase began to tremble.
Yet as his gaze swept over Roxanne, he forced himself to remain composed.
/ can't lose! More importantly, | can't show a hint of cowardice in front of this woman! “What do you guys want?” Steeling himself, Jack faced the trio head-on.
The moment he threw them the question, Lucian's icy voice echoed in the room. “At first, | planned to send you to jail after marrying Roxanne. However, | did not expect you to be so impatient that you dared to poison Roxanne.”
Lucian's gaze darkened with every word that he spoke. "If you had waited until the day Roxanne and | got married, perhaps the only consequence you would face is Damaris Group suffering from bankruptcy. But now, that's barely enough of a punishment!”
At those words, Jack was once again taken aback.
No wonder it felt like Lucian's investigation of Damaris Group was way too fast and detailed! That's because he had already investigated Damaris Group before last night and obtained all the proof in his hand!
Lucian had probably already begun to plan all this the moment the poison started to exert its effect on Roxanne! Just as Jack was planning meticulously, Lucian was doing the same in retaliation!
At that thought, Jack could feel his heart sink as a chill ran down his spine.
It was as though his body was being constricted by a giant snake. He was struggling to breathe.
No! No! It is not yet the time for me to admit defeat!
He had planned to build a medical empire for so many years. How could he possibly give up now?
Gritting his teeth, Jack forced himself to calm down. The wheels in his head turned rapidly as he tried to look for a way out of the confrontation.
Just then, Jonathan's mocking voice sounded again. “What a pity. The Damaris family's century-old business is now destroyed by your hands. You're such a hypocrite. Not only are you profit-driven, but your medical skills are terrible as well.”
My medical skills are terrible?
Jack's expression darkened in an instant. Whipping his head in Jonathan's direction, he shot Jonathan a venomous glare. “What did you just say? Are you questioning my medical skills? If my medical skills are terrible, how come you guys couldn't obtain any results after so many days of research?”
Contrarily, Jonathan merely shrugged nonchalantly. “Compared to Roxanne, your medical skills really do pale—no, blanch—in comparison. From the looks of it, you really lack self-awareness. Not only did you try to cross a line with Lucian in the business world, but you also tried to subdue and overpower Roxanne in the medical field. Mr. Damaris, | advise you to snap out of your
delusion as soon as possible. What's wrong with just being the heir of the Damaris family?”
“What do you know? If only...”
Enraged by the mocking, Jack was blinded by his fury and lost control. Glaring at Roxanne, he spat, “If only Roxanne had been willing to join forces with me, | would have most definitely built a grand medical empire! It was her inability to recognize great opportunities that forced me to do what I've done! If she would have listened to me and obeyed me from the beginning, | can guarantee that nothing would have happened to her! In fact, she would be enjoying fame and fortune alongside me!”
In other words, it was all Roxanne's fault that he had landed in all that mess. Silence ensued after Jack made that declaration. Even Jonathan's smirking face turned serious.
Roxanne's expression darkened as well. “And here | thought, Jack, that you would have learned your lesson by now after all that has happened, or at least feel some sense of guilt. | never would have thought that you still wouldn't repent—”
“Repent? Why should | repent? It's your thinking that's too rigid!” Jack's face was red with fury. “Can't doctors strive to earn money as well? How many years of history does the Damaris family have?
The history of Farwell Group pales in comparison! How is it fair that Farwell Group has overpowered Damaris Group? | just want to turn this ironic and ridiculous situation around! What is so wrong about that?” 
###Chapter 1756
Chapter 1756
Chapter 1756 Destroyed In Your Hands "It's your extreme obsessiveness that makes it so wrong!”
No one else was more upset than Roxanne to see Jack in that light. "There are so many paths that you could have taken to glorify the name of the Damaris family. Yet, you insist on choosing such a crooked path! As healthcare workers, our purpose is to save others. But you, as the heir of the Damaris family, have used your knowledge of medicine to cause others harm! Despite all that, you still don't think you should repent!”
Both Jack and Roxanne were doctors, not to mention that their first encounter was at a free medical consultation.
All of the admiration that Roxanne had for Jack had turned into disappointment. The better the impression she had of Jack in the past, the more disappointed she was at the moment.
“Jack, | can forget about you poisoning me for your own selfish gain, but how could you bet on Damaris Group? Did Old Mr. Damaris ever cross your mind? What would he think of the situation now? When you were carrying out your plans, did you not think that you would someday end up in this situation?”
Despite speaking in a composed manner, Roxanne's interrogation was deafening to Jack's ears. Nevertheless, Jack had already reached the point of no return. How could he be willing to admit his mistakes then?
Shooting daggers at Roxanne, who was standing in front of him, Jack clenched his teeth and hissed, “What do you know? You're just a mediocrity that changed your career halfway down the road! Do you really think of yourself as a genius just because others complimented you once or twice? How dare you judge me from your high horse? What's your relationship with the Damaris family? Why should you speak up for the Damaris family?”
Roxanne was taken aback when she heard what Jack said. The shock in her eyes quickly resolved to sorrow. “I really was wrong about you. | would have never thought that these are your true colors.”
How could the heir of the prestigious Damaris family be so driven by greed?
In the past few days, no matter how disappointed she was in Jack, Roxanne clung to the glimmer of hope that he had just transiently lost his rationality.
Yet, from the looks of it, she had been mistaken. Jack had always been an avaricious person beneath his humble and noble persona.
“You call her a mediocrity? Hah! Don't make me laugh my head off!”
Jonathan peered at the couple standing beside him before standing up for Roxanne, outraged. “Roxanne figured out the antidote to the poison that you're so proud of in just one short day! If it weren't for the fact that she had been poisoned, she probably would have cracked it in an even shorter period of time! Besides, aren't her skills and talent precisely why you want Roxanne on your side?”
Jonathan had hit the nail on the head. Unhappy that he had been called out, Jack bared his teeth as his expression turned ferocious. Slowly, he snuck a hand behind his back.
Unaware of Jack's subtle movements, Jonathan continued to mock, “Of course, | wouldn't eliminate the possibility that you're attracted to and lusting for Roxanne, but with what you can offer? Ha! In your dreams!”
Jonathan was getting more and more worked up with each word he spoke. Before he could continue, Roxanne's voice interrupted him. "Jonathan, that's enough.”
Jonathan froze, blinking in bewilderment. A few seconds later, he regained his composure and pouted. “But I'm telling the truth!” Roxanne tossed Jonathan a grateful smile before turning to look at Jack. Disappointment could be seen in her eyes.
“The Damaris family has a century's worth of inheritance with so many ancient medicine techniques being passed down from one generation to the next. All of that has been destroyed in your hands. Today, Damaris Group no longer has any connection to the world of ancient medicine. Jack, do you really feel no remorse at all?”
Damaris Group had so many priceless medicinal herbs that should have been further developed by ancient medicinal methods. To Roxanne's horror, Damaris Group had handed them to small and lowly private workshops, who then tampered with the medicinal herbs.
When she first found out about the news, Roxanne could feel her heart breaking. Jack's actions were basically wasting priceless natural resources.
“This is all your fault!”
With a thunderous roar, Jack suddenly charged at Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1757
Chapter 1757
Chapter 1757 | Will Make You Pay "Because of old-fashioned doctors like you, the medical field has become like this!”
All of a sudden, Jack pulled out a knife from behind his back and charged at Roxanne with a loud cry. "If it weren't for your foolishness, | wouldn't have ended up in all this mess!”
Roxanne's heart raced when she caught sight of the blade in Jack's hand. With a swift movement, the crew member who was standing at the side pinned Jack onto the floor from behind. Clank! The dagger in Jack's hand fell to the ground as he struggled and fought to free himself.
“Let go of me! | paid you! How dare you help them after accepting my money? What a bunch of scumbags! I'll poison each and every one of you!”
To his surprise, the crew member merely continued to pin him down in silence before turning to look at Lucian, awaiting his command.
Lucian peered at Jack with an emotionless expression before speaking. “Since you regard Farwell Group as a thorn in your flesh, you should have done your research on all of the assets under Farwell Group before you planned your escape strategy.”
Upon hearing that, Jack fell silent and looked in Lucian's direction in disbelief. “Among the ten subsidiaries that you wanted so badly at first is a shipping company. Did you not notice that detail?”
Lucian looked down at Jack from above. “There's only money in your eyes. Even if | give you the company, what can you do about it?”
Just then, Jonathan could not help but add salt to the wound. “Friendly reminder that the entire shipping system in Horington is pretty much under the control of Farwell Group. The ferry that you're on board right now also belongs to Farwell Group. I've never met someone so dumb—dumb enough to create a trap for himself while planning an escape route.”
This ferry belongs to Farwell Group? Shock and regret washed over Jack the moment he found out the truth.
That would mean that Lucian would have heard about it the moment Jack planned his escape last night. Not only so, but Lucian would have already been waiting for Jack with a trap.
Recalling that the ferry was late and how the captain had announced that there were some problems with the ferry, Jack finally realized that those were all just excuses.
Hatred filled Jack's gaze as the realization dawned on him.
“As for your money, we didn't take a single penny of it.”
Out of the blue, the captain showed up at the doorway. After greeting Lucian respectfully, he turned to look at Jack.
“I've already donated every single penny from the money you've given us to the victims you cheated. If anything, I'm helping you to collect good karma. You should be thanking me instead!”
Jack's expression turned malicious at the appearance of the captain. “You b*stard! How dare you still show up? I'll kill you!”
The captain stood next to Lucian in a respectful manner and ignored Jack's threats.
Meanwhile, Lucian uttered in an icy manner, "You better stop this. The police are already on their way. Soon, you'll be getting the punishment you deserve!”
Once again, Jack was rendered speechless by Lucian's words. Loathing was written all over his face as he continued to seethe at the couple. Gritting his teeth, he ranted, "I'll never let you people off the hook! If it weren't for you lot, Damaris Group would have long become a medical empire under my leadership! You don't even have the right to speak to me! When | return, | will make you all pay!”
Roxanne's eyes were filled with pain and anguish at the sight of Jack's crazed behavior. Who could have imagined the heir of the Damaris family, a man with such a promising future, would be so utterly greedy? “Let's go.”
Seeing the sorrow in her eyes, Lucian held her hand and gave her a comforting squeeze before leading her out of the room. Meanwhile, Jonathan and the captain stayed back to wait for the arrival of the police. 
###Chapter 1758
Chapter 1758
Chapter 1758 Rejected Gift In one day, the Damaris family went from being a prestigious family in medicine to being despised by the general populace. The matter had come to an end.
Once they got off the ferry, Lucian slowly started the car and turned to look at the person beside him. “Where would you like to go?”
After lying in the hospital for many days, the young woman probably wanted to wander around and clear her mind. Roxanne pondered for a moment before muttering, “I want to visit Old Mr. Lomax.”
Upon hearing this, Lucian furrowed his brows. "Old Mr. Lomax is staying at a hotel near the hospital and won't be leaving anytime soon. We can go another day.”
Roxanne shook her head and responded, “I was able to wake up thanks to Old Mr. Lomax's help. Besides, there's nowhere else | want to go right now. Let's go see him first.”
After seeing her determination, the man agreed and started the car. They proceeded to make their way to the hotel. During the ride, Roxanne leaned against the window with a hint of sorrow and exhaustion on her face.
First, she had been poisoned. Then, she witnessed how vicious Jack was. After the past few days, she felt mentally and physically exhausted.
Lucian's heart ached when he noticed her state. He slowed down the car and remained silent, letting her rest.
Even after arriving at the hotel, Roxanne's mood hadn't improved much. However, she tried to lighten her expression as she went to the top floor with Lucian.
Knowing that Peregrine preferred peace and quiet, Lucian had booked a secluded room for him.
When they arrived, the old man was looking out the window, admiring the scenery.
For years, Peregrine had stayed in a secluded town, so it had been a while since he saw the outside world. At the same time, his eyes held a hint of contemplation.
Upon hearing the doorbell, the old man turned around and went to open the door.
When Peregrine saw the visitors, a strange look crossed his eyes. "Why are you here? Did you recover so quickly that you can walk about already?”
As he spoke, he looked Roxanne up and down.
Roxanne pursed her lips and smiled. "Thank you for your concern, Old Mr. Lomax. I'm fine now. It was all because of you that | was able to wake up safely. | want to thank you for your help.”
The old man nodded and stepped aside to let them in. “Come in and have a seat.”
The three of them then sat down on the sofa.
As Peregrine got up to offer his visitors water, Roxanne stopped him, so he returned to his seat.
Lucian took a card from his pocket and placed it in front of Peregrine. “Thanks to your help, Roxanne was able to wake up. | don't know how to express my gratitude, so this is my gift. It contains fifty million. Please don't mind our humble gift.”
This was the gift Jonathan had promised Peregrine when he recommended the latter to Lucian.
However, Lucian had prepared more than the promised ten million.
In his opinion, even if the old man asked for the entire Farwell Group in return for waking up Roxanne, he would be willing to give it up.
He thought Peregrine would gladly accept the reward, but to his surprise, the old man pushed the card back to him. At that, Lucian’s brows furrowed slightly in unease. He thought that Peregrine was dissatisfied with his gift.
“| don't need the money,” Peregrine said gently.
Just then, Roxanne returned with the glasses of water and saw the confrontation between the two men.
Surprised and perplexed to see the credit card on the table, she wondered what had transpired during her absence. 
###Chapter 1759
Chapter 1759
Chapter 1759 Are You Serious
Roxanne carefully placed the glasses down and asked softly, “This is...” Aren't we here to thank Old Mr. Lomax? What's with the card on the table?
Lucian explained in a deep voice, “This is the gift | prepared for Old Mr. Lomax, but he refused it. It seems he has something else to say.”
After speaking, he raised his hand and took back the card from the table. Upon hearing this, Roxanne looked at the old man beside her in confusion. Peregrine nodded with satisfaction. “Indeed, | have something to ask of you. It's great that you have decided to visit.”
The woman naturally did not refuse his request and nodded. “What is it? Just tell me. You have helped me so much, and if there is anything | can do for you, | will definitely do my best!”
“I'm relieved to hear that.” Peregrine smiled contentedly and looked at Roxanne. “I request to work at your research institute. It shouldn't be difficult for you to make the arrangements.”
Old. Mr. Lomax wants to work at my research institute?
For a moment, Roxanne was skeptical of her hearing. “Are you serious?”
Having lived in seclusion for so many years, she thought he would be eager to head back. Little did she expect him to make such a request!
“After these few days of contact, | think you are very interesting, and perhaps your research institute has work | am interested in. Peregrine continued calmly, “I've been thinking about this the whole day, and just as | was thinking about it, the two of you showed up. | suppose this is fate.”
Since he received Roxanne's prescription yesterday, Peregrine had been fascinated with her.
Perhaps in his years of seclusion, the outside world had undergone earth-shattering changes.
There might be geniuses like her in places he had never even heard of.
Just the thought of it made Peregrine unable to contain his anticipation!
The woman's appearance had reignited his interest in understanding the outside world.
Roxanne finally came back to her senses and happily nodded. “It would be an honor to have you work at our research institute.” She never thought that after all these years of following in Peregrine's footsteps, they would finally have the chance to work with him!
Suddenly, Roxanne frowned in regret. “If | had known you harbored such thoughts, | would have brought it up to you proactively instead of waiting for you to speak up. | wasn't thoughtful enough...”
Unfazed, Peregrine chuckled and said, “I only had this idea yesterday and just made up my mind. Since you're willing, that's enough. I'm looking forward to working with you.”
Roxanne nodded. “I'm also looking forward to learning from you!” The two of them soon turned the conversation to the research direction of the research institute and talked with great focus.
Meanwhile, Lucian observed the petite woman beside him as she struggled to contain her excitement. Although he couldn't understand their conversation, a glint of happiness could be seen in his eyes as he felt happy for her.
Roxanne chatted with Peregrine for a long time, and as noon approached, she reluctantly bid farewell. “We'll be leaving now. Just let me know when you're ready.”
The old man smiled and agreed, “All right. Farewell for now.” 
###Chapter 1760
Chapter 1760
Chapter 1760 Huge Loss
Peregrine was silent for a while after watching Lucian leave with Roxanne. He then felt that it was time for him to meet Shawn. After all, he was technically here at Shawn's behest. Now that things had settled, he should inform Shawn about it.
With that thought in mind, Peregrine went to the mansion Shawn was living at after lunch.
Right as he entered the house, he saw Frieda and Shawn on the couch.
Frieda was all smiles, and she seemed to be leaning toward Shawn, though Peregrine did not know if that was intentional or not. Shawn did not seem like he wanted to avoid her either, so their interaction seemed intimate.
At that, Peregrine furrowed his brows and cleared his throat. It appeared as though the two people had only just noticed his presence, and they swiftly distanced themselves from each other. “Old Mr. Lomax, what brings you here?”
Shawn was far more composed than Frieda as he turned to greet Peregrine nonchalantly before asking the butler to prepare tea for him.
Peregrine nodded and sat down on the armchair beside them. “I only came to tell you that the request you asked of me is done.” Shawn redirected his attention to Frieda upon hearing that. From Peregrine's words, it appeared that Roxanne had made a recovery, but Frieda had not given him any updates on her case.
Frieda, who was sitting stiffly, noticed Shawn's gaze and panicked. She parted her lips to explain to him, but by then, he had already looked away.
“Are you... planning to head back now?” Shawn took the cup of tea from the butler and placed it in front of Peregrine. The elderly man shook his head and said, “I'm planning to work at that girl's research institute for a while.” Frieda and Shawn's expressions changed the moment those words left Peregrine's mouth.
Shawn drew his brows together and asked, “Why the sudden decision to work at her place? Haven't you been reclusive all these years? | thought...”
| thought you came because of me and were planning to return immediately.
If that were the case, that would mean the Crawford family was the only one who could hire Peregrine, and that exclusive right would bring honor to the Crawford family.
Nevertheless, Peregrine seemed like he did not notice Shawn's odd look as he slowly sipped on his tea before giving his response.
“I'll be honest with you. | nearly failed in curing her of the poison. However, she managed to devise an antidote for it herself, despite being poisoned. It's uncommon to encounter someone as skilled in medicine as her.”
In other words, he was staying because of Roxanne.
Shawn's mood turned grim at that, but he did not let it show on his face.
After all, Peregrine was someone he had rushed to hire, but now, Peregrine was choosing to renounce his reclusive lifestyle for someone else. How was this not an attack on his reputation?
What was more, Roxanne's matter had become a charity case for the Crawford family instead of a favor. It was a huge loss.
However, Peregrine had made up his mind, and Shawn knew there was nothing he could do to change it. Hence, he could only slap a fake smile on his face and congratulate him.
“That's great! It's wonderful that you're rejoining the medical industry. Moreover, this is fulfilling your life-long wish. Please feel free to come to me if there's anything | can help with.”
Shawn was merely a benefactor to Peregrine, and therefore, he was apathetic toward the former. Moreover, Peregrine felt that he had already mostly repaid Shawn's favor at that point.
Thus, Peregrine only gave him a slight nod before uttering, “In that case, there isn't anything else | have to say. I'll be taking my leave now.” 
###Chapter 1761
Chapter 1761
Chapter 1761 The Head Of The Family
There was nothing left for Shawn to say, so he sent Peregrine back.
In no time, he and Frieda were the only ones left in the mansion.
“Are we really going to let him work at Roxanne's research institute? You put in so much effort to hire him!” Frieda was indignant on his behalf.
However, Shawn shot her a glare and snapped, “What then? What else can we do? Are you saying that you're capable of making him stay?”
Frieda flinched and clamped her mouth shut, but she still felt aggrieved.
What good is Roxanne? How is she making the King of Medicine stay for her? Clearly, we can provide him with better treatment. If he stays, he should be staying with us instead!
The atmosphere in the living room turned tense.
Shawn frowned and was quiet for long while. All of a sudden, he said, “Even if we can't keep that old man around, we can't let Roxanne get such a good deal so easily!”
Frieda nodded in agreement before curiously asking, “What do we do then?”
Peregrine joining Roxanne's research institute was already a matter set in stone. What could they possibly do to stop Roxanne from getting away with that?
When Shawn glanced at her again, the fury on his face dissipated. With a smile, he filled a cup of tea for her and said, “Regardless of everything, you were the one who hired Old Mr. Lomax. Now that he has treated Roxanne, they should be thanking you.”
Frieda turned to look at him in confusion.
Impatience surged through Shawn, but he forced himself to stay calm as he said, “Go home and tell your brother about this. | believe he's not an unreasonable man.”
Frieda's heart skipped a beat in excitement, but she was still plagued with a little worry. “But my brother... Even if he wants to thank me, he'll thank me with some money and nothing too substantial.”
Due to her interactions with Shawn and Aubree, Jonathan had been wary of her. Even if she did return to the Queen family, she would not be able to get an important position.
Those thoughts infuriated Frieda.
She was also part of the Queen family, but while Jonathan was regarded with great importance, she could only be lorded over by her brother.
Shawn could see the fury in her eyes, and a cold look flashed past his own eyes. He then slowly consoled, “If | can say that, it means | have a way to get you an important position. All you need to do is heed my instructions.”
Frieda was tempted by his words.
Standing beside her, Shawn pulled her into his arms and said to her in a low voice, “We're in the same boat. Why would | lie to you? Didn't | help you hire Old Mr. Lomax when you asked me to find someone to save Roxanne?”
Upon his persuasion, Frieda began to show signs of relenting. “Just do as | say. Who knows who'll end up as the future head of the Queen family?” Shawn persisted.
Finally, Frieda leaned into his arms and softly said, “I'll... talk to my brother about this then. Let's see how he plans to thank me.
Shawn lowered his gaze to look at the woman in his arms. There was nothing but gloominess in his eyes, but he patted her shoulder in encouragement as he said, “I'll be waiting for your good news.”
The two of them continued to discuss more details about the plan for a while longer. When it was getting late, Shawn sent someone to bring Frieda home. 
###Chapter 1762
Chapter 1762
Chapter 1762 Jail
Meanwhile, Roxanne had a pale look on her face, but Lucian did not know if it was because she had not fully recovered from the poison or because she was in a foul mood.
Lucian was worried, so after exiting the hotel, he brought her to lunch before taking her to the hospital for a full-body checkup. Knowing that he was worried, Roxanne went along with his plans. Lucian was finally at ease after Roxanne underwent a series of tests and was confirmed to be mostly fine.
“| know my own body. The poison is gone,” Roxanne softly reassured him. “It's just that too many things have happened lately, and I'm having a hard time digesting them all. I'll be fine once things blow over.”
Roxanne would feel wistful every time she thought about Jack's true nature and the collapse of Damaris Group. At that, Lucian pulled her into an embrace and spoke in a quiet voice.
“Jack only has himself to blame for the downfall of Damaris Group. Furthermore, the Damarises have to bear the responsibility for not noticing what he has been doing. To put it simply, it was them who caused their fall from grace.”
Jack's vision for the continued development of Damaris Group, if realized, would result in worsening circumstances over time.
If their cover had not been blown this time, it was highly probable that Damaris Group would be implicated in an irreparable medical mishap the next time.
Perhaps this was the best ending for Damaris Group instead of involving even more victims.
Roxanne knew that, and yet, she still could not help but feel wistful about it.
If this is the true nature of Damaris Group, a company known for its benevolence, what about the other medical groups? Roxanne wondered if her decision to put her patients as her priority was wrong.
Seemingly reading her mind, Lucian leaned closer to her ear and said, “Every professional has their own responsibilities. Damaris Group was established by a family of doctors, and they should prioritize saving lives. Even if they sought wealth, they should not have taken the path of evil. They were the ones who mixed up their priorities. Doctors like you are a rare sight now. I'd say Peregrine liked how you continued walking down the path you initially chose, and that's why he has chosen to stay at your research institute.”
He then ran his fingers through Roxanne's hair and continued, “With me around, you won't need to worry about money as Jack did. All you need to do is focus on your medical career and leave the financial issues to me.”
Moved, Roxanne smiled at him. Despite his subtle words, she understood that he was asking her to hold on to her principles and ethics. His reassurances washed away her worries, and she no longer appeared so grim.
Acomfortable silence ensued in the car.
Right then, the ringing of a phone broke that silence. Taking out her phone, Roxanne realized it was a call from Madilyn. Smiling, she answered the call. “What's up, Madilyn?”
Madilyn sounded excited. “I saw the news! | saw how Jack was caught! | can't believe that petty man was thinking of running after hurting you like that. He better stay stuck in prison for the rest of his life!”
Roxanne turned to look at Lucian.
At the end of the day, Lucian was the one who managed to make Jack pay for his actions. “By the way, how do you feel? Have you recovered completely?” Madilyn asked in concern. “| just had a checkup at the hospital. I've mostly recovered.”
“That's fantastic!” Madilyn was even more excited than her. “This is a double blessing! Let's head out to celebrate, and it'll be my treat. Bring Mr. Farwell and the kids along.” 
###Chapter 1763
Chapter 1763
Chapter 1763 Continuation
Upon hearing her best friend's words, Roxanne could not help but tease, “Are you sure you want to foot the bill if I'm bringing Lucian along?”
Roxanne knew her friend far too well. There was no way Madilyn was going to pass up on a chance to take advantage of Lucian.
Yet, to her surprise, Madilyn did not hesitate in her answer. “I'll do that next time. This is a celebratory meal for you. Mr. Farwell will have to get in line if he wants to treat you too.”
Achuckle escaped Roxanne. “All right, | won't spare your wallet, then.”
Madilyn hummed in agreement. “I'll send you the location of the restaurant later, so just follow the address.”
Without saying anything further, they ended the call.
Roxanne turned to Lucian and said, “Madilyn is treating us to dinner tonight, and she asked us to bring the kids along.” Lucian inclined his head, and they drove back to pick the three children up.
The children had not seen Roxanne since Lucian sent them home the night before.
When they finally saw their mother returning safe and sound, they were visibly thrilled.
“Mommy, you're back!”
Roxanne smiled and crouched down to hug the children who darted toward her before listening to the merry words they had for her.
After a while of chatting with them, she said, “Come on, let's get changed. Your Aunt Madilyn is treating us tonight, so we're heading out for dinner.”
The children were even more excited to hear that their godmother was buying dinner. “Hooray to Aunt Madilyn!”
The family of five had reunited, with Roxanne now fully recovered. Additionally, they were looking forward to having dinner with their godmother.
For the children, the people they were closest to was by their sides again.
There was nothing better in the world than that.
The joyous moods of the children were infectious, and Roxanne's smile continued to stay on her face. Madilyn soon sent her the location of the restaurant.
Roxanne and Lucian brought the three children there, after which they were led to a private room.
Right as they sat down, the server brought the dishes to the table. A glance across the spread revealed that those dishes were Roxanne's and the children’s favorites.
“Thank you,” Roxanne blurted out. “I'm sorry to have worried you.” Madilyn's smile faded slightly, giving way to a gentler expression. “You did scare me. I'm so glad that everything turned out fine. That's all | want.”
She then glanced at Lucian before continuing to Roxanne, “No one had it as bad as Mr. Farwell. At the very least, | got a few hours of sleep, but he didn't get any at all.”
Roxanne followed her gaze to meet Lucian's eyes, and the couple lost themselves in each other. Everyone at the table was delighted with Roxanne's recovery, and the dinner was filled with merriment.
Once in a while, Madilyn would criticize Jack's self-inflicted situation and praise Lucian. She even nearly told Roxanne to hold onto Lucian because he was a good man.
The three children were nodding along with Madilyn the whole time. Pleased by their compliments, Lucian footed the bill before Madilyn could say anything.
It left Madilyn grumpy about failing to treat Roxanne, and when she saw Roxanne about to leave with Lucian, she pulled her to the side.
“| haven't got to treat Roxanne yet! Mr. Farwell, please bring the kids home first. We're going to go for round two!” 
###Chapter 1764
Chapter 1764
Chapter 1764 On Our Guard
It went without saying that Lucian was anxious about Roxanne leaving his side when she had just recovered, coupled with the incident a while ago.
“Go back first. It so happens that | want to spend some more time with Madilyn.” Roxanne could tell that her best friend had something else to say to her, so she seconded Madilyn. At her words, a frown marred Lucian's countenance. Worry was practically written all over his face.
Seeing that, Madilyn suggested understandingly, “If you're worried, Mr. Farwell, you can have someone follow us. Anyway, | certainly won't take Roxanne out to do anything to betray you.”
No sooner had she proposed that than Lucian agreed without hesitation, "It's decided, then. I'll have someone follow you both to provide protection. Call me when you're done, and I'll come and pick the two of you up.”
It was clear as day that such had been his plan from the very beginning.
Naturally, Madilyn had no ions to it. In fact, she even threw her best friend a teasing look. “Things are indeed different when one is attached.”
Ahint of scarlet stained Roxanne's face, and she smiled without responding to that, merely saying to Archie, Benny, and Estella, “Your Aunt Madilyn and | will only go back a while later. Be good and listen to your daddy.”
All three children obediently acquiesced.
Lucian made a call and waited for some time. It was not until he had ascertained that his subordinates were all in place that he drove away.
"What's wrong? Is something else the matter?”
Madilyn dragged Roxanne to a quiet bar, and the latter gave voice to that question in puzzlement after they had taken a seat. Wearing a somewhat strange expression, Madilyn sounded hesitant as she started, “It isn't a big deal...”
She then took a sip of wine guiltily, her gaze darting all over the place.
At that, Roxanne's curiosity was further piqued. “Why are you beating around the bush, considering our relationship?” Madilyn again wavered for a long while. Finally, she ventured, “Do you still remember Ms. Lane?”
Hearing that, Roxanne was stumped for a few seconds before she recalled the person Madilyn was speaking of.
It was no wonder she could not remember Elektra immediately, for too many things had happened in the past two days.
Furthermore, the woman had only appeared before her once briefly. Verily, she did not have the presence of mind to pay Elektra much attention.
"Yeah. Lucian has explained that they're good friends. What's with her?”
Sighing, Madilyn urged earnestly, “I think while Mr. Farwell was quite a sc*mbag six years ago, judging from the look of things now, he's indeed a decent man who's hard to come by. Not only did Ms. Lane grow up with him, but the timing of her return this time is also rather suspicious. You'd best be careful, lest she turns out to be the next Aubree.”
After saying that, she clarified, “| don't mean anything else by that. I've seen how much Mr. Farwell cares about you in the past few days, and | believe that he definitely won't have a change of heart. But then, no one knows Ms. Lane's thoughts exactly. It's prudent to be careful!”
She was truly scared after everything that had transpired with Aubree.
On the one hand, she was happy that her best friend had found true love. But on the other, she was afraid that the latter would be hurt because Lucian was too popular among the ladies.
Since Roxanne's return to the country, Madilyn had almost lost her twice.
As such, she did not want to experience it a third time.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne frowned slightly. Elektra's countenance gradually took shape in her mind.
Casting her mind back to the woman for a while, she shook her head lightly. “I don't think she's such a person.”
As far as she remembered, Elektra's gaze was exceedingly sincere. That aside, Lucian's evaluation of her was also relatively good.
Therefore, she trusted her intuition.
“I'm just cautioning you against her. Truthfully speaking, she also told me while you were still unconscious that she has no designs on Mr. Farwell. Nevertheless, it does no harm for us to be on our guard against her,” Madilyn asserted. 
###Chapter 1765
Chapter 1765
Chapter 1765 What Is His Motive
“Got it. I'll be more careful around her,” Roxanne concurred with a smile, knowing that her best friend was merely warning her for her own good.
Only then was Madilyn satisfied. In no time, the two of them chatted about other things, the atmosphere very much relaxed. Meanwhile, Jonathan had just finished handling Jack's matter and returned to the Queen family from the police station.
The instant he stepped in the door, he was greeted by the sight of his sister sitting on the couch, watching television distractedly and glancing in the direction of the door every so often.
As soon as Frieda spotted him, her expression changed, and she greeted him enthusiastically.
“I've seen the news and learned that Jack has been arrested, Jonathan. So, Roxanne has probably regained consciousness as well, right?”
In response, Jonathan bobbed his head. “Yeah. She regained consciousness last night. We'd been busy with Jack's matter, so we hadn't the time to tell you about it.”
It was thanks to his sister engaging Peregrine's services that Roxanne could wake up from her coma this time.
Thus, it was only right for him to notify her about the matter.
He initially thought that Frieda would be chagrined, but unexpectedly, he did not glimpse a hint of disgruntlement on her face. Just as he was wondering about it, his sister's meaningful voice drifted into the air.
“Old Mr. Lomax must have played a pivotal role in the matter, huh? Did Lucian not say anything about it?”
In other words, she was claiming credit from him.
Jonathan's brows creased imperceptibly, and he felt a touch irked.
True enough, her contribution was crucial in the matter this time. Hence, it's only natural for Lucian to thank her. Even so, she should let him take the initiative to offer her a token of appreciation. How could she ask for it herself? Moreover, her help toward Roxanne is, in a sense, an atonement for the foolish things she did in the past. How could she have the nerve to ask for a gift?
When Frieda received no response, her expression turned resentful. “You know how difficult it was to convince Old Mr. Lomax to help. | spent tremendous effort to save Roxanne. No matter what | did in the past, | don't owe her anything anymore!”
At once, Jonathan's expression darkened. “What are you talking about?”
“Is that not true? Your relationship with her is close, and you're willing to save her, but not me! Even if she had saved Grandpa previously, the medicinal herbs we gave her were more than enough to repay that debt of gratitude. I'm not willing to do her such a huge favor for nothing!” Frieda retorted in displeasure.
“Shut up!”
Jonathan's face went as black as thunder. Scrutinizing his sister, he proceeded to demand, “Tell me the truth. How did you get Old Mr. Lomax to help? Did you really find his contact on the Internet? Or was it the credit of the man behind you?”
He did not believe that Peregrine's contact information could be obtained so easily.
Back then, he did not harp on it because he did not have the time to do so.
Since Frieda was presently adamant about a thank-you gift, he felt that it was necessary for him to get to the bottom of things. He stared at his sister intently. “Was it also him who taught you to say all this? What's his motive?”
Those questions of his hit Frieda like a series of cannonballs.
After all, she had never discussed how to answer such questions with Shawn.
In a flash, guilt swamped her. She opened her mouth, but no words of justification came out.
At that, Jonathan's heart slowly sank to rock bottom. “You turned a deaf ear to everything | said to you, huh?” 
###Chapter 1766
Chapter 1766
Chapter 1766 Eyeing The Pie
Seeing his sister's reaction, Jonathan had a general idea about the current situation.
What exactly is that man's motive? His previous suspicion of having sent Aubree abroad made it clear that he was an enemy of the Farwell family. Yet, he specifically had Old Mr. Lomax help to treat Roxanne this time. His actions are rather peculiar, and | can't figure him out.
In the face of her brother's authoritative aura, Frieda suppressed her emotions, her expression indignant. “Why do you think | did so? Can't | achieve something for myself? For my whole life, the entire Queen family has nurtured you as the heir. What about me? No one has ever taken me seriously. Am | just a haughty daughter of a prominent family in other people's eyes? Am | not worthy of having my own ambition?”
She grew increasingly emotional as she spoke. In the end, she declared, “Listen here, Jonathan. Starting today, I'm also your competitor. Unlike you, | won't be going along with the Farwell family in everything!”
That tirade sparked the fury Jonathan had initially leashed.
“The Farwell family hasn't been maltreating us. In fact, they've been pretty good to us. Regarding them as an enemy would be true foolishness. Besides, Lucian would undoubtedly give the Queen family credit for having gotten Old Mr. Lomax to help. Whatever benefit you want, I'll give it to you at that time.”
Having said that, he left the house right away. Behind him, Frieda's expression changed, her gaze unfathomable.
At the Farwell residence, Lucian worked on his laptop. He had a lot of work matters piled up after taking time off the past few days.
Although Cayden could handle most of the matters, there were always some deals and contracts he had to review and sign off personally.
When Roxanne saw Lucian focused on work, she did not interrupt him. Instead, she brewed a cup of hot coffee and carried it over, her eyes dancing with delight.
Lifting his eyes, Lucian held her gaze. Unbidden, the corners of his mouth turned up a fraction.
“The poison within you hasn't been dispelled completely, so you need to rest more. There's no need to bother about me. You can sleep first,” he murmured after picking up the coffee and taking a sip.
“Okay. Don't overwork yourself! I'll go and look in on the kids to see whether they've all gone to bed.”
The peaceful life had Roxanne feeling incredibly relaxed. Despite almost losing her life in the bout of poisoning this time, she had also more or less gained some things.
Whirling around, she went upstairs. Archie, Benny, and Estella were worn out from playing and had all fallen asleep. Thus, she planned on taking a nice, hot bath.
Shortly after, a car drove into the yard, and Jonathan rushed into the living room in a frenzy. Could it be that something has happened again for Lucian to call me over at this hour? “What's the matter, Lucian?” he asked, cutting straight to the chase.
Lucian flipped the lid of his laptop close. “Calm down. It's nothing major. Have a seat. I've got something to discuss with you.”
Only then did Jonathan sit down with peace of mind. Raising his eyes, he watched as Lucian brewed coffee methodically. Lucian was skilled at brewing coffee, and he slid a three-quarters full cup at Jonathan when he was done.
“Have some coffee first,” he offered.
As the aroma of coffee wafted into Jonathan's nostrils, he found it very much revitalizing.
“| have to say, Lucian, you've been at your most irritable in the past few days. Now, you've finally reverted to your usual calmness,” he lamented in a heartfelt manner, picking up the cup of coffee.
Chuckling, Lucian nodded in agreement.
“That's true! She's the most important thing in my life, after all. The main reason | called you over tonight is to ask about your arrangements regarding the Damaris family's assets.”
No matter how damaged something was, there was still value to it, not to mention a prestigious family with a long history in traditional medicine like the Damaris family. Jack irrefutably had some talent in doing business. Unfortunately, his heart was not in the right place, and he had strayed from the path.
Following the fall of the Damaris family this time, countless people were eyeing the pie, hoping for a share. 
###Chapter 1767
Chapter 1767
Chapter 1767 Consider Marriage
“Indeed, the Damaris family left behind a number of top-notch assets. Jack was involved in a myriad of business ventures. Real estate, investment firms, and aesthetic medicine were his main investment subjects, while the supply chain of medicinal herbs was the core of it all. He had a total of thirteen to fourteen medicinal herbs trade companies, encompassing almost all types of medicinal herbs from the north to south. Additionally, he had several certifications for the production of Western medical technology.”
As Jonathan summarized the Damaris family's assets, he could not help giving voice to the question plaguing him all this time. “I really don't understand why he was so eager for success. Considering the scale of his business, coupled with the industries’ future prospects, the entire Damaris family's assets would certainly increase several folds in a few years. He could've easily attained a scale of hundreds of billions.”
Lucian lifted his eyes, the look in them seemingly dark and grim.
“In truth, he was right. He knew very well that all those businesses were merely a game of cash flow and not the veritable core asset. It's true that their medicinal herbs supply chain was exceedingly strong, but if they couldn't keep up in terms of research and development, that industrial chain would've been broken by others sooner or later. For that reason, he had a crystal clear purpose from the very beginning. He approached and tried to win Roxanne over, using both ingenuity and trickery to gain control of the research team and technology she helmed.”
After obtaining that revelation, Jonathan mulled it over for several seconds with a frown. At long last, comprehension showed on his face.
“Lucian, did you ask me here tonight because you want me to go all out to take over the Damaris family's medicinal herbs supply chain?” he queried proactively.
In response, Lucian dipped his head. “You've done me a great favor this time, so the Damaris family's medicinal herbs supply chain should belong to you. After all, the Queen family is also in this industry, and the merging will undoubtedly be faster. Naturally, Roxanne also won't have to worry about a supply shortage if you're in charge of the supply chain. It's a win-win situation!”
“Sure! | shall graciously accept, then. But I've got a request this time. My sister deserves some credit for having convinced Old Mr. Lomax to help. As such, let her be in charge of the Damaris family's supply chain. Otherwise, the collaboration partners who used to collaborate with us in the past would likely kick up a fuss.”
At the end of the day, Frieda's words had touched Jonathan to some extent.
It's a fact that Frieda has quite a bit of talent in business, but I've always overshadowed her. Our family and outsiders have never taken her capabilities seriously. This time, her contribution can't be negated. It goes without saying that I'll give her what she deserves. As for that man's motive, I'll observe patiently. The instant things seem off, | probably have the capability to curb the problem.
“That's up to you to decide. Since I'm handing it to the Queen family, you're free to make the arrangements. | won't interfere. Besides, your sister does have some capabilities, but she has never been taken seriously in the past,” Lucian replied bluntly without a hint of hesitation.
Subsequently, he poured Jonathan another cup of coffee and asked, “How's Old Mr. Queen doing? If there are any problems, you can have Roxanne go over and take another look at him.”
Hearing that, Jonathan grinned. “He's great. Perfect, in fact. He goes on fishing trips daily, growing younger by the day. There's no need to trouble Roxanne!”
“I'm glad to hear that.” Lucian smiled as well, finding it convenient to have a skilled doctor as a wife.
All of a sudden, he quirked a brow, a teasing look in his eyes. “Speaking of which, I'm considered attached now. What about you? When are you going to consider marriage?”
Jonathan never expected the man to bring up that subject out of the blue. Whoa! He has already won his woman over, so he's now starting to mock those who are still single and available, huh?
Embarrassment showed on his face, and he chuckled dryly. “There's no one | fancy yet. If I've got someone in mind, I'll naturally hang on to her tightly. You don't need to worry about this, Lucian.” 
###Chapter 1768
Chapter 1768
Chapter 1768 Not Allowed To Go Today
After drinking a few cups of coffee, Jonathan beat a hasty retreat with the excuse that drinking too much coffee would lead to insomnia.
Lucian watched as the man left. Gradually, his smiling expression faded, only to be replaced with a pensive look.
What exactly is the identity of the man Frieda knows? I've looked into it for a bit, and considering Old Mr. Lomax's status, she couldn't have suddenly made his acquaintance, much less successfully persuade the great King of Medicine to come to Horington and treat a veritable stranger. Regretfully, it's inappropriate for me to ask Old Mr. Lomax about this directly.
Having made up his mind, he snagged his phone and called Cayden.
“Arrange for someone to investigate everyone Frieda has been in contact with recently, especially anyone with a northern accent. If you have any leads, check them out thoroughly!”
“Got it. I'll go about it right away,” Cayden answered. Without anyone realizing it, a week flew past.
Lucian took Roxanne to the hospital for several checkups consecutively to ascertain that the toxins within her had been completely dispelled.
Roxanne then started to devote herself to research and development once more.
Waking up early one morning, she noticed that Lucian was still slumbering soundly beside her. As she gazed at him, he appeared all the more handsome. Ultimately, she could not help reaching out and cautiously stroking his face.
It was as though his lips possessed some magical powers as she found her gaze riveted on them. She carefully leaned over and sampled them briefly.
He did not wake up but turned over and continued sleeping.
Roxanne silently got out of bed and went to the bathroom outside to wash up, loathed to wake him. Thereafter, she quickly went downstairs and had breakfast before returning to the room.
Opening his bleary eyes, Lucian asked, “Why did you wake up so early? Sleep in for a bit.”
“No, it's okay. I've had enough sleep. I've got to go to the research institute soon. A number of projects will be launched at the same time today, and Old Mr. Lomax is also waiting. So, you'll have to send the kids to school!”
All smiles, Roxanne did not wait for his response but promptly leaned down and gave him a light peck on the cheek. After doing so, she was going to leave in a hurry, only for Lucian to wrap an arm around her waist.
“Can't you take some time off to rest properly? Don't think I'm entirely clueless about you having been conducting experiments tirelessly at the research institute these past few days. You're not allowed to go anymore today!”
Standing up, he hugged her tightly.
Then, his voice turned reproving. “You haven't spent much time with the kids since you fell gravely ill. You owe Essie for not being by her side the past few years. Of course, | owe Archie and Benny the same. Therefore, don't go anywhere today. Let's spend time together as a family.”
Right then, he was indescribably gentle. Roxanne wanted to argue further, but the man captured her mouth in the next heartbeat.
Suddenly perking up, Lucian began kissing her passionately.
Shock pervaded Roxanne. Good Lord! He put me through the wringer last night, and it's only been a few hours since then! Her token struggles were entirely futile. Like a tidal wave, the man overwhelmed her rationale in the blink of an eye.
When the calm returned after the stormy passion, she felt as though her body was going to fall apart.
She rested her head on Lucian's arm, docile beyond words.
Meanwhile, gratification was etched across Lucian's features, and his lips were stretched wide in a grin.
“Now that the Queen family has taken over the medicinal herbs supply chain, coupled with Old Mr. Lomax's help, there are many experiments that you no longer need to conduct personally. Let Old Mr. Lomax lead the researchers instead. Otherwise, the research institute will only have you as a resource and not a full-fledged research team. Do you get it?”
At his gentle reminder, Roxanne bobbed her head obediently in assent to that statement.
True enough, | should learn to delegate. While I'm a core member of the research institute, it doesn't mean that everything has to be done by me alone.
After she had grasped that, she gave Linda a call. “| won't be coming in today, Linda. Note down the upcoming projects. Then, have Old Mr. Lomax lead a few of the core technical personnel in starting the experiments...”
By the time she had made all the arrangements, Lucian had already gotten out of bed and washed up. The triplets had also awakened. 
###Chapter 1769
Chapter 1769
Chapter 1769 Is There Something On My Face
Archie and Benny had always been independent. Being with them every day, Estella had also learned to take care of herself. When the three of them had washed up, Lucian went over to check on them. He then complimented them all.
Subsequently, it was time to change. Estella helped her brothers pick out their outfits, deciding on an incredibly cool and casual look.
After Archie and Benny had changed, she swiftly claimed credit from Lucian. “Look, Daddy. Are my choices good? | want to be a fashion designer in the future. Is that okay?”
“Of course! | think you might make a great fashion designer in the future, Essie.” Indulgence was written clearly in Lucian's eyes.
Archie likewise praised his sister, saying, “Daddy, | truly think Essie is talented in fashion design. She can even design and trim clothes by herself now.”
“Exactly, Daddy! Essie promised to gift us a set of clothes handmade by her for our birthday next year. We're both looking forward to it.” Benny divulged Estella's secret with a giggle.
Estella was inexorably shy, but her two brothers went over to her and patted her on her head lovingly.
“That's great! You've finally found your own passion, Essie. Like your two brothers, all of you are the pride of me and your mommy!”
Lucian felt the same as he was claiming verbally.
They're all smart and have different talents. Truly, they're godsend treasures!
Thinking that Roxanne had already gone to work, the triplets obediently made their way downstairs for breakfast. Lucian did the same, chatting casually with them at the breakfast table.
“It's going to be the weekend soon. Discuss among yourselves where you'd like to go. Your mommy will be free during the weekend, so we'll all go together!” he declared.
Hearing that their mother would also be joining them, the triplets instantly cheered. They started discussing among themselves. “Let's go to the zoo... Oh, forget it. The snakes frightened Essie back then.” “How about the amusement park? But there are many rides we can't play, so never mind.”
“| think we can go to the oceanarium. It's been a long time since we've been there. Essie didn't get to see the white dolphins back then. We must make it up to her this time.”
In no time, they reached a consensus and chose to visit the oceanarium.
“Let's go to the oceanarium, Daddy. | want to see the giant sea turtles, white dolphins, whale sharks, and penguins! They're all so cute!” Estella said to Lucian.
Lucian nodded in agreement.
All of a sudden, Archie and Benny studied Lucian’s face intently.
Frowning, Lucian questioned, “What's wrong? Is there something on my face?”
“You've got prominent dark circles under your eyes, Daddy. You should rest more and not overwork yourself!” Archie wore a concerned expression on his face.
“Do you not sleep well at night, Daddy? You should be like us and go to bed earlier!” Benny seconded.
Astrange feeling suffused Lucian. Hmn, it feels pretty intriguing to be on the receiving end of their concern.
Nonetheless, he did not dare tell them it was because he was greedy for pleasure and spent the nights satiating his desire. Even Estella nagged, “You must sleep properly if you don't want dark eye circles, Daddy.”
In the end, Archie came up with a temporary solution. “Daddy, soak a towel in hot water and use it as a compress after wringing it dry. It can alleviate dark circles and eliminate eyebags.”
“I've also got an idea, Daddy! You can boil an egg and roll it beneath your eyes with your eyes closed when it has cooled slightly. That can get rid of dark circles. Such a method is equally effective in reducing swelling and bruising!” Benny suggested, not to be outdone.
Surprise flooded Lucian.
They must have learned all that from Roxanne. Who knows, maybe one of them will inherit her medical skills in the future. 
###Chapter 1770
Chapter 1770
Chapter 1770 Seek Her Opinion In Everything
“Archie, Benny, how do you both know so much? Did you learn all that from Mommy? | want to learn, too! | want to master all that!” Turning to Lucian, Estella pleaded, “Daddy, have Mommy teach me, won't you?”
"Okay, okay. I'll ask your mommy to teach you when she's free. But don't you like fashion design? Mastering fashion design is also something commendable!” Lucian remarked smilingly, trying to steer her in the right direction.
At the end of the day, talent and passion were entirely different from a passing interest.
“All right, I'll study both, then. | want to learn medical skills and fashion design. I'll work harder!” Estella looked determined, taking the matter seriously.
Immediately, Archie and Benny expressed their support for her. Seeing that, Lucian felt that they doted on her too much. Upstairs, Roxanne overheard the entirety of their conversation. A smile tugged at her lips uncontrollably. In all her years, she had never felt as relaxed, peaceful, and joyful as she was at that moment.
Her heart, which had been suspended in mid-air, seemed to settle back into her chest firmly. At the same time, a strong sense of security permeated her.
In that instant, she felt all the more blissful. Since Lucian was sending the triplets to the kindergarten, she had nothing to do and went back to sleep.
By the time she woke up, Cayden had come over at some point and brought Lucian a thick stack of documents requiring his signature as CEO personally.
Ever since her narrow brush with death, a number of unprecedented things had transpired. They included Lucian skipping work for several days in a row and important contracts being brought to the mansion to be signed.
Tactful as ever, Cayden did as he was instructed. After all, he had never seen his employer this relaxed and smiling so much.
As soon as Lucian had signed all the contracts and agreements, Cayden excused himself, leaving the time and space to the man.
Before his assistant left, Lucian inquired, “What's the progress of the matter | asked you to investigate last night?”
“There are some leads. A man whom Frieda has been in contact with is from the north. Recently, Frieda established a new company and is recklessly tossing out money to buy the rapidly depreciating assets of the Damaris family. It's likely that man's doing. I'll report back to you after I've ascertained his exact identity,” Cayden answered in a lowered voice.
The instant Lucian dipped his head, the man left.
When Roxanne came to the living room, she was greeted by the sight of shopping bags on the coffee table. They either contained supplements or nutritional foods.
“It looks like Cayden has also learned all these formalities. But then, he didn't need to buy so much.” Roxanne regarded Lucian with a chuckle.
Unexpectedly, Lucian shook his head, denying that they were from Cayden.
“Who are these from, then?” Roxanne asked.
“Elektra came over and brought these earlier. She wanted to visit you, but you were still sleeping, so | didn't want to wake you. | merely told her you weren't home. She didn't stay for long, leaving after dropping all this here,” Lucian replied calmly.
To him, such superficial niceties did not matter at all. “Oh, | see. Did you thank her on my behalf?”
Although the supplements and nutritious foods were mostly superfluous advertising in the eyes of a doctor like Roxanne, she still acknowledged Elektra’s kind intentions.
“Yeah. She also asked us out for a meal. | didn’t accept right away, so you can have the say. | don't mind either way.” Lucian greatly treasured the opportunity he finally had after successfully winning her back this time.
Thus, he was determined to seek her opinion in everything, lest some trouble cropped up again.
“Well, I'm fine either way. She has just returned from abroad and done me such a huge favor, so | should be the one treating her to a meal. You can help me extend an invitation to her in my name,” Roxanne replied. 
###Chapter 1771
Chapter 1771
Chapter 1771 Not As Simple As She Looks As per Roxanne's request, Lucian asked Elektra out for lunch at a high-end restaurant. When they both arrived, Elektra happened to reach at the same time.
Roxanne did not doll up much, merely having applied some skincare products. Contrarily, Elektra wore exquisite makeup, giving off an elegant and classy feeling.
However, Elektra could tell at a glance that Roxanne was a natural beauty who was stunningly gorgeous even without makeup.
Back when she saw the latter at the hospital, Roxanne appeared haggard. As such, she did not expect such a vast difference after the woman had recovered.
Unbidden, a sliver of envy crept into her since there were some flaws on her face that could only be concealed with makeup. “Hello, Ms. Lane. We meet again!” Roxanne greeted without waiting for Lucian to speak first, confident and amicable.
“Hello. You're really beautiful, Ms. Jarvis! No wonder Lucian couldn't forget you all these years.” Elektra could not help expressing a touch of jealousy.
Lucian was stunned for a moment before he hastily quipped, “Indeed, Roxanne is pretty. But I'm not such a superficial person that I'm only concerned about her looks.”
That remark of his had Roxanne glancing at him with a smirk on her face.
Similarly, Elektra hurriedly smoothed things over, seconding, “But of course! Not only is Ms. Jarvis beautiful, but her capabilities are also astounding. She isn't merely a renowned doctor. On top of that, she's a leading character in high-end medical technology. There are few women like her in this world.”
At the woman's excessive flattery, Roxanne promptly shook her head. “Not at all, Ms. Lane. My achievements aren't that impressive. Conversely, you've sacrificed a lot because of my illness. Your family will likely misunderstand you since you faked a marriage with Lucian under tremendous pressure. Thank you so much!”
She was sincere in thanking Elektra, but its meaning became distorted when it reached the latter's ears. As Elektra had a suspicious nature, she instinctively stole a glance at Roxanne, feeling like Roxanne was testing her.
Hence, she quickly countered, “No, don't mention it. I've already explained things to my family. The marriage certificate was fake and was destroyed long ago. Don't take it to heart, Ms. Jarvis.”
“Let's go into the restaurant first. This isn't a suitable place to talk,” Lucian proposed.
Following that, the three of them went into the restaurant. After entering the private room, Roxanne immediately slid the menu over to Elektra.
“Lunch today will be my treat as my way of thanking you, Ms. Lane. Don't stand on ceremony with me and just order whatever you like. Lucian and | aren't picky.” There was nothing special about those words, yet they grated on Elektra's ears.
It was as though Roxanne was staking her claim on Lucian.
Taking the menu with a smile, she did not decline but ordered a few dishes.
After doing so, she saw Lucian and Roxanne sitting exceedingly close in an incredibly intimate manner. For some inexplicable reason, a sense of unease filled her.
Aubree must have lost back then because she underestimated Roxanne. Roxanne is definitely not as simple as she looks.
“By the way, | wonder if the things | sent over previously suited you, Ms. Jarvis. | didn't know what to buy, so | picked those supplements and brought them over,” Elektra commented.
Smiling, Roxanne thanked her. “Thank you, Ms. Lane. Supplements are perfect for someone who's recovering from a major illness like me.”
“That's great! | really admire you, Ms. Jarvis. Back then, you were poisoned severely with a rare substance, yet you could develop the antidote by yourself, and in less than a day, at that. It's downright mind-boggling.”
Elektra kept praising Roxanne to the skies. Meanwhile, Roxanne deflected it all, for she did not want her mind addled by the compliments.
As Madilyn said, I've got to be on my guard against her. With her fawning all over someone repeatedly, the average person would likely lower their guard.
Verily, she did not want any other problems to crop up between her and Lucian when her three children had finally made up for their regrets. 
###Chapter 1772
Chapter 1772
Chapter 1772 Uncomfortable Lucian was so focused on Roxanne that he didn't notice anything unusual.
“You must be thirsty after such a long conversation,” he said to Roxanne, offering her a glass of water, which she accepted with a smile.
Elektra couldn't help but feel a little left out as Lucian focused all his attention on Roxanne and didn't even ask if she wanted anything to drink.
She called for the server and said, "Excuse me, I'm not really liking the coffee. Can | please have a glass of lemon water instead?”
The dishes were brought out, including Elektra's lemon water.
She couldn't help but notice that Lucian was so busy serving Roxanne that he completely ignored her even though she was a guest.
It was an awkward moment for her, and she regretted not declining the meal invite.
Why didn't | soy no? By letting Roxanne treat me to lunch, it put me ot o disadvantage.
Trying to break the silence, Elektra said, “Lucian, Ms. Jarvis, why didn't you bring the kids along tonight?” In truth, she knew the kids were at school that day but wanted to start a conversation.
“They're at school. We're planning to take them out tomorrow since it's the weekend,” Roxanne replied as she spooned some of Lucian's favorite dishes onto his plate.
Unable to stand the lovey-dovey actions of the couple before her, Elektra continued the conversation. “I would love to meet your three kids. | heard they're quite the good-looking bunch. Is that true?”
The topic piqued Lucian’s interest. “Yes, they are. After all, Roxanne and | are their parents. You can't go wrong with genetics.” Elektra's heart sank as she listened, but she knew she had to put on a brave face. “Wow, | really must see for myself. | wonder what kind of gifts | should bring for them.”
“There’s no need for that, Ms. Lane,” Roxanne replied. “They have everything they need at the moment. You must be very busy since you just returned home. Don't waste your time and effort preparing gifts. I'll bring them out another time and introduce you to them.”
From the way Elektra looked at Lucian throughout lunch, Roxanne could tell something was indeed off. It was as though Elektra was trying hard to hide how much she admired Lucian. Time seemed to drag on for Elektra during the meal, and she announced that she was full after only a few hurried bites.
“Thank you for the meal, Ms. Jarvis. I'm a bit tied up since | just returned to the country. | need to meet a few old friends later, so what do you say we call it a day?”
Elektra wanted to leave as soon as possible.
Roxanne nodded her head and agreed, and Elektra prepared to leave the private room.
She thought Lucian would at least see her off, as he was big on etiquette, but much to her dismay, he didn't even spare her a glance as he spooned food onto Roxanne's plate.
“| recall that this is your favorite. Try it. It's more authentic here,” he said to Roxanne, ignoring Elektra's departure. Elektra left, feeling utterly uncomfortable at the scene unfolding before her.
Meanwhile, Roxanne narrowed her eyes as she watched Elektra's retreating figure.
Her experience with Aubree and the near-death incident with Jack had changed Roxanne's state of mind.
Back then, she was engulfed in fear and tried to avoid Lucian whenever he made the first move, as she didn't know what he and the Farwells were planning to do with Archie and Benny.
Because of that, she restrained her desires and tried to convince herself to let go of Lucian. However, only she knew how deep she had fallen for him.
She wasn't about to let anyone ruin her happiness now that everything was back on track and her kids now had both parents by their side. 
###Chapter 1773
Chapter 1773
Chapter 1773 Down The Drain
Roxanne thoroughly enjoyed herself as Elektra had ordered the restaurant's signature dishes. It's o shame she's not here to enjoy these delicacies with us.
After lunch, Lucian took Roxanne to the mall and bought her clothes and shoes.
Excitedly, he picked out several dresses for her to try on, his eyes sparkling with each new outfit. “This looks great on you! It feels like this dress was made specifically for you.”
“This one too! It accentuates your curves so well.”
"Yes, this is the one. You look like you're fresh out of college in this dress. So young and pretty. | don't mean to say that you look old; it just makes you look even younger!”
Roxanne lost track of how many outfits they bought, but in the end, Lucian arranged for the store to deliver everything to their mansion since it was too much to carry.
The store owner readily agreed, knowing that it wasn't every day that a customer spent hundreds of thousands in one go. After Lucian left, the salesgirls informed the store owner that he was the CEO of Farwell Group. The owner was upset that they hadn't told him earlier, as he would have offered a fifty percent discount for Lucian.
Lucian received a call from Sonya while he was still shopping, instructing him to visit the Farwell main residence when he had the time as she needed to discuss some things with him.
“You can send me back first, then,” Roxanne suggested as she overheard their conversation.
“Okay. I'll send you back first before going to the Farwell main residence. I'll also pick the kids up after school on the way back if there's nothing else for me to do. You rest at home. Don't even think about sneaking off to work,” Lucian nagged her all the way back to the mansion while Roxanne merely smiled and nodded as she listened.
She noticed that his temperament had changed quite a bit after everything they'd been through, as he used to be a man of few words.
After dropping Roxanne off, Lucian headed to the Farwell main residence. As soon as Lucian stepped foot into the residence, he noticed that the atmosphere was tense.
Sonya looked visibly angry and immediately confronted him upon his arrival. “Lucian, don't you think you owe me an explanation? What is going on between you and Elektra? Since when were you two married?”
Lucian remained expressionless as he had expected Sonya to ask about it sooner or later.
“Mom, it was a desperate measure we came up with to deal with Jack. It's fake. Elektra must have told you about it, right?” “Yes, she did. How could you be so reckless as to treat marriage as a joke? This is a serious matter!” Sonya was fuming. She was thrilled when she thought Lucian had finally cut ties with Roxanne and found a daughter-in-law who met her standards.
Despite the Lanes not having the same level of power and influence as the Pearsons used to, they were still considered a prestigious family.
She felt utterly betrayed when she discovered it was all a ruse. What was Elektra thinking? Why would she pretend to be married to my son to save a stranger? Is she foolish?
“Mom, this is not a joke. We did it all to save Roxanne! I'm very grateful to Elektra for helping me, and | plan to show my gratitude by doing business with the Lanes.”
Lucian's tone turned cold when he heard how lightly Sonya regarded Roxanne's life. 
###Chapter 1774
Chapter 1774
Chapter 1774 Yours
Sonya's expression stiffened and turned colder. "That's not what | meant. | didn't say Roxanne's life is unimportant. I'm just curious if you've considered the consequences of doing this. Even Elektra's parents will believe it to be the truth. What will happen to Elektra’s reputation after you announce it to the public? Shouldn't that be taken into account?”
Lucian didn't want to get into a conflict with his mother.
He pondered briefly before softening his tone and replying, “I did consider that at the time. You can ask Elektra about this. | did this only after | obtained her consent.”
Sonya arched her brows. "Of course, she would agree. Elektra has always treated you well since you were little. She accommodated you by letting you have all the toys you wanted. She's just kind- hearted.”
Lucian was rendered speechless. He had a feeling Sonya was prepared to make a fuss about this matter.
“Am | wrong?” Sonya became more aggressive. “Even if Elektra agreed to this, you shouldn't take this matter lightly just like that. Did you at least go to the Lane residence to provide her parents with an explanation?”
“You're right, Mom. | was indeed negligent in handling this matter. | will make a trip to the Lane residence,” Lucian said gently, acknowledging his oversight.
Sonya heard her son's conciliatory tone, but she was still fuming, so she continued throwing a tantrum. “I even spent so much time discussing the wedding ceremony and banquet arrangements with Elektra's father, Richard Lane. This is just great. I'm truly embarrassed now!”
Lucian felt a pang in his heart. It seems like Mom is genuinely anxious to remove Roxanne from the picture and wants me to get married to another woman promptly.
Still, he had to yield to his elder, so he answered, “Mom, I’ve indeed acted rashly. I'm sorry, all right? Why don't you pick a time to invite Mr. Lane out? I'll express my gratitude and apologize to them in person.”
Sonya did not expect Lucian to be so soft-spoken and obliging suddenly. In the past, they would always confront each other head-on, but he was now resorting to a milder approach.
She was stumped and didn't know how to vent her dissatisfaction afterward. | can't believe how tenaciously Roxanne clings to life!
“We'll do as you suggest, then. But Lucian, are you really not planning to be with Elektra? She's gentle, kind, and can provide you with significant assistance since she studied abroad.”
Lucian instantly grimaced after listening to Sonya trying to play matchmaker for him again, scaring Sonya out of her wits with the scowl on his face.
“Mom, don't say that anymore in the future.”
That was the limit of his tolerance.
An awkward expression spread across Sonya's countenance. After a pause, she uttered, “Roxanne should've recovered by now, right? I'm not saying that she's not a suitable partner for you. She's undoubtedly capable, and her medical skills are
extraordinary. However, she did give birth to those two kids with another man. That will greatly tarnish the Farwell family's good name.”
Lucian's pupils constricted as he stared at his mother.
“Oh. | almost forgot to tell you this. The two kids, Archie and Benny, are actually mine and Roxanne's. They were born together with Essie. The three of them are triplets.”
Sonya fell silent as she froze in shock.
She took in Lucian's serious mien and ascertained he wasn't kidding with her or telling a lie. Instead, his gaze was unwavering and shone with earnestness.
“What did you say? How could those two children be yours? No, that's impossible—”
There was no way Sonya would believe that. 
###Chapter 1775
Chapter 1775
Chapter 1775 Underestimate
“Mom, that's the truth. Whether you believe it or not, Archie and Benny are my children. They were born six years ago together with Essie. In a strange twist of events, Roxanne thought Essie had died prematurely. | suppose the person who was assigned to bring Essie back was Grandpa's subordinate. He certainly didn't expect Roxanne to have given birth to three children and taken the two boys away with her.”
The truth could sometimes be so absurd.
Nevertheless, Colby's revelation, Roxanne's admission, and the instinctual affection between him, Archie, and Benny led Lucian to believe that was the truth.
However, Sonya would never believe that.
She suddenly raised her voice and said sternly, “Lucian, you can't blindly put your faith in everything Roxanne tells you. What's the matter? Is this a new version of the story she made up? It isn't enough that she made those two boys your godchildren just a while ago. Now she's tricking you into believing they are your biological sons? That woman is truly capable of spinning tales!”
Even the way Sonya looked at Lucian had changed as she spoke.
She wondered if Roxanne had bewitched Lucian with some medication. Roxanne has such impressive medical skills, so it shouldn't be challenging for her to concoct a drug that could manipulate people's minds, causing them to lose their sanity.
“No. That's not it. Mom, | know you find it difficult to believe what | said, but that's really the truth.” Lucian didn't expect he could clarify everything to his mother in one go.
“Lucian, you need to think this through. Roxanne is such a terrifyingly scheming woman. Why can't she be satisfied with just making those boys your godchildren? Is she planning to deceive you into thinking they are your biological kids so they can claim the Farwell family's right of inheritance?”
Sonya wasn't fond of Roxanne in the first place. Hence, Lucian's words only further raised her suspicion, and she assumed the whole thing was Roxanne's plot all along.
“She must be seeking revenge on our family for abandoning her six years ago. | can't believe a vengeful woman can be so frightening!”
Muttering to herself absent-mindedly, Sonya was filled with the desperate urge to instill her train of thought into Lucian. Meanwhile, Lucian's expression turned darker. Poker-faced, he narrowed his eyes and gritted his teeth. After a few seconds, he unclenched his jaw.
“Mom, just shut up. Do you take your son as a fool? Also, don't judge Roxanne in front of me from now on. | have a good grasp of her character,” he uttered firmly.
After saying that, Lucian lost his patience and no longer wanted to interact with Sonya further.
However, she refused to let that matter rest. Noticing her son was about to leave, she hurriedly grabbed him. Sorrow and anguish filled her voice as she spoke. “Lucian, you mustn't listen to everything Roxanne says!”
Disregarding her, he glanced at Sonya impassively, shook off her hand, and strode past her.
The next instant, Sonya lost her temper. “You're indeed formidable, Roxanne Jarvis! | underestimated you! She's such a manipulative woman. No, | cannot allow this. How can someone like her become a part of the Farwell family?”
Rage burned within her chest, causing her to feel discomfort all over as she mumbled, “What should | do? How can | drive Roxanne away as soon as possible? There's no way those two bastards are descendants of the Farwell family. No matter how you look at them, they don't have the befitting temperament. Why would Lucian believe they are his kids?”
Sonya was so furious that she thought she would have a heart attack. She quickly walked toward the table, picked up a glass of water, and took a sip.
Her worried demeanor startled Elektra, who had dropped by unannounced.
Carrying numerous bags of all sizes, Elektra entered the house and greeted, “Mrs. Farwell.” 
###Chapter 1776
Chapter 1776
Chapter 1776 Missed Opportunity
Elektra placed her bags on the ground and hurried toward Sonya. Grabbing Sonya's hands, she asked in concern, “Mrs. Farwell, why do you look so pale? Are you feeling unwell?”
Sonya was so angry her palms were sweaty, though she felt better when Elektra held her hands. Since Elektra is from a prestigious family, she is definitely more sensible than Roxanne. Sonya immediately put on a smile and calmed herself. “I'm fine. Why did you bring so many gifts here?”
“Are you sure you're okay? Come and sit down first. Drink some water. Do you feel unwell? Do you need me to send you to the hospital?” Elektra showered Sonya with concern as she supported the latter to sit down.
Sonya shook her head. “I'm really fine. By the way, you don't have to bring gifts when you come to see me!”
“It's like this. | went to visit Ms. Jarvis in the morning. Since she's just recovered recently, | bought some supplements for her. Of course, | thought about giving you an even more expensive and effective supplement set!”
Although Elektra seemed like a calm and gentle woman, she was actually a calculating person.
If she mentioned that she bought supplements for Roxanne and only bought some for Sonya while she was at it, Sonya would not be pleased.
However, the way she phrased it would easily ease any ruffled feathers.
Sonya immediately understood her intentions and gave a small smile. However, her expression quickly soured. “What kind of supplements did you bring her? You guys don't even know each other. Why did you have to buy them for her? If you didn't have a fake marriage with Lucian, she wouldn't have gotten the antidote and might not even be alive now.”
Elektra noticed the change in her expression and kept her emotions in check. “It's fine. It was only a fake marriage certificate. It wasn't a big sacrifice. It's not like | did anything special, so | can't take credit for it.”
It was evident to Elektra that Sonya and Roxanne didn't get along.
That's probably why Aubree went overboard. It might be because Sonya was supporting her actions. However, | won't be as foolish as Aubree.
“Of course, it's a big deal! Your reputation is at stake here! Your father almost announced the marriage publicly. If that had happened, it would have hurt you badly. Why should you be sacrificing yourself to save her?”
As Sonya fumed, Elektra listened to her quietly without interrupting much. She even took the initiative to brew a cup of coffee for Sonya.
Sonya felt better after this and asked Elektra seriously, “Tell me honestly. How do you feel about Lucian?”
Elektra was stunned by the question. However, she quickly put on a surprised expression.
“W-Well, Mrs. Farwell. Lucian and Ms. Jarvis have such a great relationship. Moreover, they already have three children together. How could you bring this up?”
“Three children? Besides Essie, how could those two be considered part of the Farwell family?” Sonya replied coldly. Her reaction was what Elektra had expected.
She suddenly pretended to appear sorrowful. “I do have feelings for Lucian. After all, we grew up together. However, | knew | had lost my opportunity when | went to Epea to further my studies. Besides, Ms. Pearson was Lucian's fiancée at that time.”
Sonya shook her head and grabbed Elektra's hands. She tried to persuade Elektra, “What do you mean by missing your opportunity? Lucian hasn't remarried Roxanne yet, so they aren't officially together. You still have a chance!”
“B-But they have three children already! | probably only have these feelings because Lucian is my childhood friend. | don't want to ruin his happiness, so | hope you won't bring this up to me again.”
Elektra understood Sonya's intentions, but she had to put on a show of outright rejecting the latter. 
###Chapter 1777
Chapter 1777
Chapter 1777 Created Interference
“I'll say it again. Those two boys aren't part of the Farwell family. Roxanne is really good at lying. At first, she convinced Lucian to acknowledge them as his godsons, but now they are suddenly Lucian's biological sons. She's really shameless. How could she even pretend to be someone she's not?”
Sonya lost her temper again upon thinking about this.
Elektra appeared shocked. “That can't be true. Ms. Jarvis doesn't seem to be that kind of person. Is there some misunderstanding here?”
“There's no misunderstanding here. How could you think Roxanne is an innocent woman? You have misjudged her. Roxanne is an extremely cunning and ruthless person,” Sonya emphasized as she frowned.
She was worried that Elektra was too naive and had been deceived by Roxanne's facade.
Initially, Elektra saw Lucian and Roxanne being so affectionate with each other and thought there was no hope for her to get together with Lucian anymore.
However, upon seeing Sonya's rejection and hatred for Roxanne, she felt a glimmer of hope.
Back then, she had already expressed her feelings for Lucian. However, he had been too busy taking over the family business that he had no time for romance.
Then, she regained hope again after Lucian and Roxanne got a divorce. However, Aubree was much more proactive in pursuing Lucian then, so she had no choice but to give up again.
After meeting men and dating for a while, she realized that no one could compare to Lucian. She suddenly felt restless after suppressing her feelings for so long.
Sonya noticed Elektra was in a daze and assumed that the latter didn't believe her words, so she quickly added, “I know your feelings toward Lucian. When Lucian told me he was going to marry you, | could tell that you were delighted.”
Elektra smiled bitterly in response because Sonya had hit the bullseye on her thoughts.
That's right! | was really surprised then as | thought my time had finally come! However, | didn't expect that we would only be getting a fake marriage certificate. It was ridiculous.
Elektra tried to suppress her emotions, not wanting to reveal them to Sonya. This instinctual response was something she had developed over the years.
“Ah! If only you were my daughter-in-law! How great would that be? Anyway, if you are interested, | will fully support you!” Sonya was also a cunning woman. Her frankness had led Elektra to expose her true feelings this day.
As long as someone ran interference and disturbed Roxanne, she was happy.
“Mrs. Farwell, thank you. However, when it comes to matters of the heart, it cannot be forced. I'm doing well and hope to utilize what | learned overseas. Ms. Jarvis is also an outstanding woman. How could | compete with her?” Elektra replied as she finally managed to push down her raging emotions.
At that moment, Elias had been standing outside the main hall for quite some time.
Sonya's voice was loud, so he had been able to hear most of the conversation.
He coughed twice before walking into the main hall briskly.
“Elektra, you're here.”
“Mr. Farwell, nice to see you! | came over to pass Mrs. Farwell some supplements. | also bought some gifts for you when | was overseas, but the delivery is really slow, so it's not here yet!” Everything Elektra said and did was diplomatic.
Elias nodded before praising her, “That's so thoughtful of you. Why don't you sit for a while longer? We can have dinner together.”
“It's okay, Mr. Farwell. | still have some things to attend to, so I'll take my leave now! You guys should come and visit us when you have the time. My parents have been saying it has been a long time since you guys have talked to one another!”
Since she had gathered all the information she needed, there was no need for her to linger any longer. She quickly left after exchanging some pleasantries. 
###Chapter 1778
Chapter 1778
Chapter 1778 Do Not Be Controlling
As soon as she left, Elias' expression turned dark. “What's wrong with you? Can you stop mentioning our family matters to outsiders?” His tone was stern, causing Sonya’s expression to change drastically.
“What? | didn't say anything wrong. Besides, Elektra is much closer to me than Roxanne, so she isn't an outsider. Moreover, if she's an outsider, why would she help Lucian to save Roxanne?”
Taking in Sonya's enraged expression, Elias furrowed his brows.
“Why can't you respect Lucian's choice? He's no longer a child, so can you stop being so controlling and obsessive? Let him handle his relationships, marriage, and family matters himself. Can't you just enjoy your own life?”
Elias' mentality in life was to go with the flow.
After spending decades in the business world, he learned that no one would listen to others’ advice, not even those closest to them.
Therefore, even though he knew Lucian would make some mistakes when the latter was first taking over Farwell Group, he allowed his son to make his own mistakes.
No one could substitute the experience of learning from one's own mistakes. However, Sonya couldn't comprehend this.
She stood up and almost placed her arms on her waist. “Why? I'm doing this for Lucian! I'm pretty sure Roxanne thought Essie wasn't going to survive and threw her away. Later, she had two other children with another man and decided to pretend they were part of the Farwell family. Do you know about this?”
Elias was stunned since he was unaware of this. He queried quickly, “What do you mean by that?”
“Lucian said that Archie and Benny are his biological children. He said Archie, Benny, and Essie are triplets! Can you believe that?” Sonya was confident that her judgment was correct.
Elias pondered for a few seconds before responding, “It sounds surprising, but it should be easy to prove if it's true. If we verify the DNA of the two children, we will find out the truth. Do you think our son would not know this?”
Elias could only hope that Sonya was rational. Otherwise, he was afraid Sonya and Lucian would only grow more and more distant from each other.
“Yes, but Lucian didn't give me any evidence and wants me to acknowledge those two kids as my grandsons! How can | accept this? Do you think Roxanne poisoned Lucian to mess with his mind? | think you have to bring Lucian for a medical checkup someday!”
The more she spoke, the more suspicious she became.
Elias sighed and tried to explain gently, “Aubree already caused a lot of harm to Essie. This time, we have to stay calm. As for verifying the DNA, I'll discuss this with Lucian later. You should really stop being so obsessive.”
However, Sonya wasn't listening to him anymore.
She felt that everyone was on Roxanne's side instead of hers.
She retorted, “Don't mention Aubree. Before Roxanne appeared, Aubree was fine. Who knows what Roxanne did to agitate Aubree to cause the latter to do those irrational things? Therefore, how could this be Aubree's fault fully?”
Seeing that he wasn't able to convince her, Elias decided to give up. It was impossible to change Sonya's prejudice against Roxanne in a short period.
He could only do it slowly. “Okay. Let's not talk about this. We haven't seen Essie in a long time. Since school is about to end, let's go over and see her.”
He deliberately changed the topic, causing Sonya to calm down. She nodded in agreement. 
###Chapter 1779
Chapter 1779
Chapter 1779 Visit To The Kindergarten
When Elias and Sonya reached the kindergarten, school had not ended yet.
They went to find Jeffrey so that they could see Estella.
Jeffrey said politely, “Please wait here for a while. I'll go to the classroom and bring Essie here right away.” Soon, Estella came skipping into Jeffrey's office as she thought she was getting rewarded.
Upon seeing her grandparents, she happily charged into Elias' embrace.
“Hahaha! Essie, did you miss me?” Elias carried Estella into his arms and smiled dotingly.
“Of course! | missed you, Grandpa!”
Elias' stubble pricked Estella, causing her to feel a little pain. “Grandpa, your beard is prickly!”
Elias laughed heartily and ignored Estella's reluctance, pecking her on her cheek. “I missed you too! It's been so long since we have seen each other.”
Sonya felt slightly uncomfortable watching their interaction. She scolded, “Don't you miss me too, Essie?” Did that woman teach Essie not to be close to me? Suspicion appeared on Sonya's face, causing Elias to glare at her. He reminded her softly, “What are you talking about?”
“| missed you too, Grandma! | love your pastries! It's been a long time since | ate them! | really want to eat them!” After Elias placed Estella on the ground, she went up to Sonya and opened her arms for a hug.
Sonya felt better upon hearing Estella's words and carried the latter into her arms with a smile.
Jeffrey tactfully decided to leave his office so that Estella's grandparents could spend some time with their granddaughter.
Just as he was about to leave, Elias stopped him and requested, “Mr. Bauer, could you bring Essie's two brothers here too?” Jeffrey was stunned as he knew what had happened previously. He also knew Sonya's prejudice against the two kids.
Sonya was surprised too and glanced at her husband. Frowning, she asked, “What are you doing?”
Elias ignored Sonya's reluctance and nodded at Jeffrey. “Bring them over here.”
“O-Okay! I'll bring Archie and Benny over here! Please wait a moment!”
Nothing will go wrong, right? They are just meeting one another.
“Elias, why do you have to see those two kids? Do you really want to acknowledge them as part of the Farwell family? Let me tell you. Before anything is confirmed, I'll never acknowledge them!” Sonya's tone was cold and left no room for negotiation.
Estella seemed to understand what she was saying and blinked. She asked, “Grandma, do you not like my two brothers? Let me tell you good news! They are my biological brothers! Mommy and Daddy are their birth parents!”
Sonya froze but tamped down on her emotions to not show them in front of Estella.
“Lucian has already acknowledged them, so | will too. Can you please control yourself in front of Essie? Look. Essie likes them so much. The children's feelings toward one another are the most important,” Elias lectured Sonya again, but she wasn't listening to him.
Estella's eyes were full of curiosity. She didn't really understand why her grandparents were slightly angry. However, she was obedient and didn't say anything. Elias turned to smile at Estella.
“Being with the two boys has been really beneficial. Essie is getting more fluent when she speaks. You can't even tell that she has any illness.”
Elias' words were meant for Sonya, as he wanted her to look at reality and stop focusing on her prejudices. 
###Chapter 1780
Chapter 1780
Chapter 1780 Acknowledge Two Brothers
Sonya's lips moved to say something, but she was interrupted when Jeffrey brought Archie and Benny over. The boys were impassive at the appearance of Elias and Sonya. On the other hand, Estella beamed at them.
“Archie, Benny, hurry up and greet Grandpa and Grandma!” Estella naively urged her brothers to acknowledge her grandparents, thinking they would then become a family.
However, the boys merely smiled at Estella's urging and shot curious looks at Elias, wanting to see his reaction.
With an innocently charming smile, Elias bent down and patted the boys' heads. “What's wrong? Why aren't you calling me Grandpa? Go on, my precious grandsons.”
While the boys were baffled by his kind welcome, Elias wrapped his arms around them and pulled them in for a hug. Archie and Benny exchanged a glance. A mixture of shock, confusion, and delight crossed their eyes. Archie shot a knowing glance at Benny, and they called out, “Grandpa!”
“Haha! That's more like it! You boys are truly my precious grandsons. I'm sure | committed a lot of mistakes in the past, and I hope you can forgive me.” Elias completely ignored the scowl on Sonya's face.
“Grandpa! Grandpa, you're squeezing us a bit too tightly.” Benny finally got to experience the treatment Estella usually got. However, the embrace was just too suffocating for his comfort. With a chuckle, Elias released them.
Archie also experienced what it felt like to have stubble stabbing at his face. The fascinating experience courted his genuine laughter.
“Come, let me see who is who. You're the older brother, Archie, right? Then, you must be the younger one, Benny. Did | get it right?” After Elias released the boys, he studied their faces intently.
Even though their eyes and brows look like Roxanne’s, it's just because they're still young and have inherited her dominant features. I'm sure they'll look more similar to Lucian once they're in their teens. After all, they most definitely inherited the Farwell family's cool and calm temperament.
Archie and Benny nodded simultaneously. Their expression and gestures were shockingly unanimous.
It piqued Elias’ interest. It seems I'll have to do more research on the synchronization between a pair of twins. Throughout the entire exchange, the boys didn't spare Sonya a glance.
They could sense Sonya’s intense dislike of them.
Her expression was dark as usual, and her eyes were so cold that her aversion was evident.
Although Elias caught her displeasure, he wasn't in a rush to fix the situation. He didn't want to force the children to make twisted decisions.
“Archie, Benny, what about Grandma? Come on, call her!” Estella urgently urged.
Archie and Benny swung their gazes to Sonya but didn't speak.
Irritation surged within Sonya at their gazes. In the next instant, she spat biting words through her clenched jaw. “Save it! | don't plan on acknowledging both of you. This is all your mother's scam!”
The boys' expressions hardened as anger coursed through them.
Estella was stunned by the turn of events. A glint of sadness flitted across her eyes. “Grandma, please don't talk about Mommy like that. Please?”
“Nonsense! My mommy isn't someone like that! We're Daddy's kids,” Benny retorted. The slightly mature twin, Archie, turned his gaze to his grandfather, curious about his reaction.
Simmering with anger, Elias nearly lost his temper and yelled at his wife, but he held it in. “Listen to what you're saying. Can't you be more discreet in front of the kids?”
Sonya wanted to protest but figured she would look foolish to argue with a child, so she kept silent. She stepped toward Estella and picked her up into her arms. “Let's head outside. | heard you took dance lessons. Will you show me?”
Estella instinctively struggled against Sonya's hold but gave up in the end. She could sense her grandmother's anger had ebbed.
Maybe | can talk Grandma into accepting Archie and Benny. 
###Chapter 1781
Chapter 1781
Chapter 1781 Evidence
Gratification filled Elias after a long talk with the boys.
They have many regrets over the years, yet | haven't done anything about it as their grandpa. Fortunately, Roxanne is a good mother. | can see the boys have good personalities by talking to them. There's no deviation between the two. They're also shockingly remarkable and intelligent.
Archie, the elder one, has a surprisingly good memory. The logic behind his behavior is meticulous. He's a rare talent in leadership since he excels in decision-making. The younger boy, Benny, has an active mind and a deep interest in technical stuff. He'll be perfect in the field of research and development. Unquestionably, their characters complement each other's flaws perfectly like a puzzle piece, as though they were born to do so. Estella, on the other hand, is cute, energetic, and meticulous. I'm sure she has some talent that hasn't been discovered yet. The three of them are truly the Farwell family's blessing.
Feeling close to the elderly man before them, Archie and Benny spoke a lot with Elias. Their mood brightened as their conversation flowed.
By the time Sonya was done watching Estella's dance, it was already close to school letting out. She held Estella's hand and led her back to Jeffrey's office.
Seeing her husband chatting amicably with Archie and Benny, Sonya did her best to tamp down her anger.
“Did you lose weight recently, Essie? Let me have a look!” Sonya exclaimed before murmuring, “Was it due to your mom's lack of attention?”
It was clear she planned to put the blame on Roxanne.
Estella immediately shook her head and explained, “It's not like that, Grandma. Mommy was sick. It was a very bad sickness, and she had only just recovered from it. | was worried about her but ate my meals on time.”
Hearing the accusation against his mother, Archie instantly refuted, “Mommy treats Essie very well. The changes in Essie's face are due to the loss of her baby fat. Thus, she might look as though she lost weight, but, in actuality, her weight is still the same.”
Elias nodded with a smile at Archie's logical and reasonable explanation.
Unwilling to lose to his brother, Benny added, “Mommy and we treat Essie the best. | also make sure Essie gets meat, vegetables, and fruits in her diet. How could Mommy not be attentive when she even taught Essie several idioms?”
Sonya didn't know how to respond to their rebuttal. No one in this room is on my side. In the end, with a glower, she simply muttered, “It's almost time. Elias, let's go.”
“All right. You can head outside first and wait for me. | have some advice for the kids.” Sonya immediately stormed out of the kindergarten.
Meanwhile, Elias stayed back and inquired about what presents the kids preferred.
All he could think about was to make up for all the Farwell family owed Archie and Benny.
“Grandpa, we don't need anything. We just want to see you more often in the future.”
“Grandpa, | want to learn how to play chess. | heard from Daddy that you're good at chess. Please teach us.”
Elias agreed to both of their simple requests.
Before he left, he hugged the boys and asked them to take care of themselves. He also gave them his phone number.
Jeffrey led the children back to their classrooms. Elias was in a cheerful mood after meeting his grandchildren, so he still had a smile even after leaving the kindergarten.
However, to Sonya, his smile was an eyesore.
No, | can't let Roxanne's lies continue. | have to force her to show me some evidence! 
###Chapter 1782
Chapter 1782
Chapter 1782 Good News Only
Before long, Lucian came to the kindergarten to pick up the children. On the ride back, Estella happily told her father about her grandparents’ visit.
Lucian instantly turned wary and questioned, “Archie, Benny, did your grandma do anything bad to you guys? Did she scold you?”
Archie and Benny exchanged a glance and shook their heads concurrently.
Instead, they mentioned how much their grandfather cherished them and their mutual fondness for him.
“Daddy, Grandma still isn’t willing to acknowledge Archie and Benny,” Estella revealed. Her tone was filled with worry. Lucian stopped the car and looked over his shoulder at Archie and Benny before beckoning them closer.
The boys thought they were getting a reprimand from their father for not being honest.
However, when they inched closer, instead of a chiding, they felt a hand gently patting their heads, reassuring them. “Don't worry. I'll get your grandma to apologize sooner or later, so don't take anything she said to heart, okay?”
At such a young age, they've already learned to disclose only the good news and keep the bad news to themselves. | don't know whether | should be at ease or worried.
Feeling the warmth of their father's palm, the boys locked gazes and exchanged smiles. Finally, they lifted their heads and nodded in agreement.
Once they arrived home, Lucian informed Roxanne about his parents meeting the children earlier in the day.
The news worried Roxanne, and she rushed to ask Archie and Benny about the details. Her stomach churned with anxiety at the thought of Sonya insulting her kids.
Luckily, with their father's encouragement and assurance, they didn't mind their grandma's brusque attitude, knowing she only acted that way due to a misunderstanding.
Roxanne wrapped her arms around them, inciting envy in Estella. Archie and Benny immediately stepped back from their mother's embrace to let their sister have a go.
Roxanne had returned to the kitchen to prepare dinner when Lucian wrapped his arms around her from the back and promised her softly by her ear, “Roxanne, trust me when | say | won't let the kids feel wronged ever again.”
She nodded, believing that her husband was a man of his word.
In ten short days, the ginormous Damaris Group and the prestigious Damaris family with deep roots in the traditional medicine field had tumbled into ruin.
When the tree fell, the monkeys scattered. Those claiming to be distant relatives of the Damaris family had all left. Moreover, they fervently absorbed every last worthy asset the Damaris family had.
Even though the Damaris family reacted quickly, many assets were frozen before they could transfer or sell them.
Jack's assistant, Kevin, was also involved in many illegal activities. Hence, he was incarcerated as well.
Even Hector wasn't spared. He was summoned by the police numerous times to cooperate with the investigation. Jack's final charges were entwined with the fate of many others.
A few days later, a kind-hearted nurse helped Hector to walk into a law firm. He was dragging an IV pole with an IV bag hanging on it.
His health had deteriorated a lot during that time. His exhaustion was evident on his pallid face.
After trying to make an appointment with a renowned lawyer, Allen Caldwell, a few times, he finally succeeded. He wanted to ask about the possible charges Jack would receive.
On top of being late, Allen's expression wasn't courteous. After all, the current Damaris family was no longer the old and powerful family it used to be. He used to try every trick in the book to be the legal advisor of Damaris Group, but Jack didn't even spare him a glance.
The tables had turned, and it was his turn to be the one looking down his nose upon them. How curiously the world worked. However, Allen managed to calm his anger and soften the hard look on his face when he saw Hector.
This man had fought many battles in the medical field over the years and treated countless patients. He's someone who deserves respect and shouldn't be the one to blame for his grandson's crimes. 
###Chapter 1783
Chapter 1783
Chapter 1783 The Damaris Family Is No More
“I'll cut to the chase and tell you the truth, Old Mr. Damaris. Jack's case doesn't look good. He's involved in too many criminal acts, and the police have all the evidence they need to charge him. The family members of those affected by the medication are still making reports. Thus, even if you compensate all the victims’ families, the prosecutor still won't let a big case like this close without a fight. I'll give you a rough analysis. The worst-case scenario is most likely life imprisonment. Ten to fifteen years is a slightly better outcome. Basically, he'll already be in his forties when he's released.”
Putting aside his personal feelings, Allen kept his tone as neutral as possible as he ively analyzed Jake's possible charges.
If the person sitting across from him wasn't Hector, he might've thrown in a few jeers and insults. Jack Damaris wasn't human. He was a monster.
Despite being a doctor himself, he conducted dastardly acts due to his greed for wealth.
Even though Hector had mentally prepared himself for the possible outcomes, he was still crushed when he heard the verdicts. His body swayed, and black dots swarmed his vision. He nearly fainted from the harsh news.
Allen swiftly reached his hand out to stabilize the elderly man. “Are you okay, Old Mr. Damaris? Calm down. Please remain calm. You're a patient yourself, so you need to control your emotions. This is why | didn't want to meet you. | was worried it would cause you much distress.”
After taking a few deep breaths, Hector finally calmed the despair within him. Despite so, he looked as though he had aged a few years after hearing Allen's analysis. A sickly pallor took over his face.
“Doomed! The Damaris family is a goner this time! Jack's life is ruined!” His lips trembled vehemently as his face was etched with sadness. “Why did you have to be so stubborn? Oh, Jack! How could you have destroyed the good name of Damaris?”
The more he spoke, the deeper he slipped into despair. Finally, tears flowed from Hector's eyes. Alook of pity crossed Allen's face at the elderly man's desperate cries. He tried to comfort him.
What a horrible grandson! The Damaris family had wealth, power, and fame. | don't understand what else Jack wants. Was it even necessary?
“Don't be sad, Old Mr. Damaris. The Damaris family's foundation is rock solid. You're a renowned prestigious family in the medical field, so you'll regain your former glory one day. As long as Jack is alive, there's still hope if he turns over a new leaf once he's released.”
Allen had said every encouragement he could think of for fear Hector's health would further deteriorate from the cruel reality.
“No, the Damaris family doesn't need to regain our former glory. We don't need the riches, nor do we need the power. This incident has dragged centuries of the Damaris family's good name through the mud. | fear it will never regain its untainted state. From today onward, there won't be a Damaris family in the medical field.”
Hector sighed defeatedly once he had accepted the Damaris family’s fate. His eyes misted over, filled with desolation.
“Thank you, Mr. Caldwell. I'll pay the consultation fee once | settle the hospital bill. I'm deeply ashamed!” Hector rose to stand on wobbly legs and nodded at Allen in gratitude.
Allen hurriedly waved his hands. “There's no need for that, Old Mr. Damaris. You should save it for your medical bill. You've saved countless lives in this lifetime. | feel bad seeing you in such a state. You can look for me if you have any financial difficulties, and I'll do what | can. Your grandson is a good-for-nothing, but that doesn't negate your noble accomplishments!”
In the end, Allen couldn't help but blurt out his personal thoughts. He helped Hector slowly walk out of the law firm. At that moment, a person Hector didn't want to run into was waiting by the front door.
Roxanne had waited for quite some time. 
###Chapter 1784
Chapter 1784
Chapter 1784 Between The Medics
Hector was taken aback and averted his gaze when he spotted Roxanne.
Noticing his demeanor, Roxanne approached him proactively, took over the IV stand from Allen, and observed that the IV drip was almost finished.
“You are?” Allen was caught off guard by her action.
“I'm a friend of the Damaris family. You can leave Old Mr. Damaris to me,” Roxanne replied as she bobbed her head in assurance.
Allen nodded in response as there was nothing he could do for Hector anymore. He loosened his grip and reminded Hector to take good care of himself. With that, he turned and went back to the law firm.
Meanwhile, Hector was engulfed with guilt and couldn't bear to face Roxanne.
“Ms. Jarvis, Jack has wronged you. It almost took your life, and you have suffered greatly from it. He deserves to be punished. I'm sorry that there is nothing much I can do to compensate you!”
He spoke in a choked voice, the sincerity in his apology clear. Seeing how dispirited and helpless Hector looked, Roxanne couldn't help but feel sympathy for him.
She stepped forward and supported him. Then, she shook her head and said, “I won't forgive Jack for what he did, but this has nothing to do with you, Old Mr. Damaris. | came today because | know you had a relapse. I'm afraid you'll have a staggering hospital bill, so | prepared some medicine for you. | hope you'll accept this, Old Mr. Damaris.”
Surprised by her kindness, Hector was rendered speechless. He lifted his gaze, stunned, as his hands trembled involuntarily.
“I-l can't accept it. A member of the Damaris family almost killed you, Ms. Jarvis! We have done terrible things to you. Why would you repay enmity with kindness?” Tears began to fill Hector's eyes.
“Old Mr. Damaris, you have made many contributions to the medical field of our country and saved many lives. You have dedicated your life to medicine and never considered gaining anything in return. Therefore, my actions now have nothing to do with the Damaris family. | am only expressing my gratitude to a senior in my field as a physician.
Roxanne expressed herself frankly while carefully supporting Hector as they walked a few steps forward. When she realized the IV drip was all gone, she quickly removed the needle and dealt with it professionally.
Hector fell into a trance at her words and gazed into the distance.
“Old Mr. Damaris, I'm assuming there's not much money left on you as the police must have frozen your family's assets. That's why I've prepared some money after considering you'll need treatment fees in the future. Please accept it,” Roxanne said.
As she spoke, she took out a bank card from her bag. Then, she added, “The password is simple. It's 123456. Be sure to remember it!”
She then stuffed the bank card into Hector's hand. However, he immediately waved his hand and shook his head to refuse. “No, no! | can't accept your money. It's enough for you to give me medicine. | can't bring myself to accept your money!”
Roxanne let out a soft sigh, knowing Hector wouldn't accept things from her readily. Thus, she said in a persuasive tone, “No matter what, you are my senior, Old Mr. Damaris. My master used to tell me about the good deeds you did and asked me to help you when in need. I'm not doing charity but following my master's wishes. Please accept this as a token between us medics.”
Her words touched Hector. Finally, he slowly grabbed the bank card.
That made Roxanne smile and feel more relaxed. 
###Chapter 1785
Chapter 1785
Chapter 1785 Cerulean Needle Technique
Still worried, Roxanne gave Hector her phone number.
“Please take good care of yourself, Old Mr. Damaris. Remember to call me if you encounter any problems. I'll make sure to be there for you.”
Her words left Hector stunned for a moment before he bobbed his head, impressed.
“Ms. Jarvis, you are one of those rare few who have a heart of gold! My grandson is a terrible man and is indeed not good enough for you.”
Hector's praises put a smile on Roxanne's face. Then, she flagged down a taxi for him.
Soon, the car arrived. Roxanne opened the door and carefully supported Hector to get into the vehicle. Something popped into Hector's head out of the blue, causing him to halt in his tracks.
“What's wrong, Old Mr. Damaris?”
Roxanne was puzzled while Hector turned around and looked at her excitedly.
“Ms. Jarvis, the Damaris family has an ancient medical book named ‘Cerulean Needle Technique.’ | think it's perfect for you. Have you perhaps heard of it?”
Roxanne couldn't help but be shocked by his words.
Cerulean Needle Technique? Does this acupuncture method really exist? Master had mentioned before that it was a legendary acupuncture method that went extinct. He also said this acupuncture method is incredibly effective in targeting strange poisons. It is a rare medical treasure that uses acupuncture to detoxify the poison. It's such a coincidence that the Damaris family has it!
“Ms. Jarvis, Ms. Jarvis...”
Hector called out twice before Roxanne returned to her senses. Then, she nodded in response. “Yes, I've heard of it. Of course, | have. My master said it is an ancient medicine book that is very hard to acquire.”
“Your master is right. It is, indeed. But it's a waste for this book to be in the Damaris family since it requires the person practicing the acupuncture method to be a female. Females tend to focus on skills and have more subtle control of their strength. This is something males are unable to do. That's the reason I've left the book untouched all these years. Ms. Jarvis, if you're interested, I can give it to you. What do you think?”
Hector sounded calm as if he was only offering her a small gift.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was dumbfounded by his words.
“Are you sure?” She did not try to conceal her excitement and longing.
It's an ancient medicine book. On top of that, it's the “Cerulean Needle Technique!”
“Of course. I'm thankful for your help, Ms. Jarvis. Besides, you're a talented physician. I'm sure it'll be appropriate to give it to you.”
Asmile finally crept onto Hector's face when he saw Roxanne's reaction.
“Okay. | can't thank you enough, Old Mr. Damaris. I'm serious. Thank you so much!”
Hector waved his hand and was ready to leave at the taxi driver's urging. One would never have expected that the two were discussing a priceless ancient book on the street.
“I'll call you tomorrow. Let's set a place then. I'll give it to you personally.”
After Hector made his promise, Roxanne was overjoyed and nodded in agreement.
Roxanne couldn't calm down even after watching Hector leave. A smile remained on her face for a long time.
She called Lucian eagerly to share her joy with him.
When Lucian heard the news, he was happy for her. “Darling, you really have a way in life. Furthermore, you don't treat others nicely in hopes of getting something in return. You do it purely because you want to. That's why Lady Luck favors you. Congratulations, Darling!”
Roxanne was elated when she heard what Lucian called her.
“Hey, when did | agree you could call me that?” 
###Chapter 1786
Chapter 1786
Chapter 1786 Pulling A Trick On Estella
Soon, it was the weekend. The weather was clear, and there were constant breezes. It was the perfect weather for an outing.
Lucian and Roxanne brought the kids to the oceanarium early in the morning, as they had promised. They didn't want to break their promise to their kids.
Fortunately, they arrived early, so there were fewer people than usual. However, the place was still crowded.
After getting the tickets, Lucian brought two bags with him, which contained many things, including a change of clothes for the kids, hats, sunglasses, and a lot of food and drinks.
He wasn't worried about the food at the oceanarium being pricy. Instead, he and Roxanne didn't want the kids to have the food there since hygiene was not guaranteed.
Even though the bags were slightly heavy, Lucian was more than willing to carry them.
“Put on some sunscreen, Darling. The sun will hurt your skin.” As soon as they entered the oceanarium, Lucian started to look after her well-being.
Roxanne glanced at him with a smile, noticing his temperament had changed drastically lately. He was not as cold and aloof as he was before.
The kids were excited and were discussing which animal to visit first.
Archie had already made a plan in advance and insisted on going left. “We have to think differently from the crowd to avoid congestion. So, we should start with the sea lion park and not visit the dolphin park first since it's the most popular. We should leave the dolphin park for last and watch the dolphin show. This is the best plan.”
Nodding, Benny made a completely different opinion. “Archie, it's because many people have the same way of thinking as we do, so the route on the left is now more congested than the route on the right. Look, it's better to go to the right. At worst, we can turn around and come back to watch the dolphin show.”
“Guys, | want to see the penguins first. Let's see the penguins first.” Estella was set on visiting the penguins first without caring about the sequence and logic. In the end, the kids turned to look at Lucian and Roxanne and asked for their opinion.
“Let's vote, and we'll choose the route with the most votes. We'll start with Essie's suggestion. Raise your hand to vote!” Lucian implemented a fair method.
“All right, we'll start now. Please show your hand if you want to visit the penguin park first.” As soon as she finished her sentence, Roxanne raised her hand.
The next second, Estella raised her hand too.
Not to be outdone, Lucian quickly raised his hand, afraid that his daughter would be mad at him. On the heels of that, Archie raised his hand.
Benny, too, followed suit.
That left the whole family chuckling.
Excited, Estella hopped twice cheerfully.
“Okay. Let's head to the penguin park!” Lucian waved his hand and led them forward. Archie and Benny exchanged looks and started whispering between themselves.
“It's all your fault, Benny. Why did you tell Essie she needed to adopt a penguin before she could make a social media account? That's why she wants to see the penguins first.” Archie shot Benny a furious glance.
“| was only joking. How would | know she'd take it seriously?” Benny smiled sheepishly. Roxanne furrowed her brows when she heard them and asked, “Did you two play a trick on Essie again?”
The two immediately shook their heads. “No, of course not, Mommy. It's just that... your laptop has a virus now because of Essie.”
“It's because of Archie. He made Essie program a new virus and said they needed a place to test it. Mommy, your laptop was chosen in the end. I'm reporting him!” Benny announced.
Roxanne froze for a moment. Just as she was about to explode, Archie and Benny ran away hurriedly. 
###Chapter 1787
Chapter 1787
Chapter 1787 Giving Money To The Penguin
Along the way, they saw many animals, including penguins, sea lions, polar bears that were busy eating, majestic whale sharks, and some colorful jellyfish.
The family walked around for several hours, and finally, they were exhausted.
However, they took many photos. This was the first time Lucian and Roxanne took a family photo with the kids in six years. In every picture, the aquatic animals served as a witness.
At lunchtime, Lucian took out everything he had brought and started to set them up.
All the food he brought was prepared by the chefs in advance and only needed to be reheated. Hence, Lucian used a self- heating pot to heat the meal.
Although they could order food directly from a hotel, it was a far better experience for the family to feel like they were on a picnic. The kids wolfed down their food. Wanting them to feel full, Roxanne gave them her food.
Witnessing the scene, Lucian gave her all his food and merely ate a slice of cake.
Now, they had arrived at their last stop, the dolphin park. As expected, the place was full of people.
Lucian frowned, worried the congestion might inflict danger upon the kids.
“If I'd known earlier, | would have rented out the entire oceanarium for the whole day,” Lucian muttered.
Roxanne was stunned for a moment. Being the CEO he was, she believed Lucian would have done that. It would even be simple for him to acquire the oceanarium. However, it would be absurd to do so.
“There's no need for that. It's nice to feel the vibe when we come out to have fun. Although it's slightly crowded, | like the atmosphere. Wait. I'll carry Essie, and you take care of Archie and Benny.”
Lucian nodded in agreement. Then, he gave the kids water before taking them to the toilet.
The dolphin park was divided into two venues: the bottom floor, where one could see the dolphins swimming underwater through the glass, and the other venue, which was specifically for performances.
The family went to the bottom floor first and took more photos.
A family of dolphins approached them, and it happened to be on camera, which was an exceptional coincidence. Lucian praised the photo while Roxanne looked at it with a relaxed smile, feeling satisfied.
Finally, they went to the performance venue.
Archie and Benny fiddled with their phones on the way into the venue and finally registered a social media account for Estella.
“Archie and Benny, do | have to give money to the penguin to put money into my account?” Estella asked naively. Embarrassed to fool Estella any longer, Archie and Benny told her they would reload her account for her.
As expected, it was crowded inside the performance arena, and the seats were almost all taken up. Lucian scanned through the area and found some seats near the front. Then, he walked toward the seats while holding Archie's and Benny's hands.
With Estella in her arms, Roxanne followed closely behind Lucian.
Along the way, the attractive couple and their equally beautiful children drew the crowd's attention and aroused discussion among the surrounding people.
“Look! That's the family with the superior looks | mentioned. Gosh, that man must be a CEO. Look at the aura he gives off. That lady is a beauty, and their children are lovely too. Look at how handsome the boys are and how cute the girl is. What a good- looking family!”
“T-That man must be the CEO of Farwell Group, Lucian Farwell. As for the lady next to him, she must be Roxanne Jarvis, the divine physician. Is their family enjoying a day out? Oh, | really want an autograph from them!”
“| know. It must be them. | heard some gossip that they were divorced, and both had children. What's happening now? Could it be that those three children all belong to them?” 
###Chapter 1788
Chapter 1788
Chapter 1788 Baby Dolphins
The children were filled with enthusiasm as the dolphin show began, even though they had seen it before.
The keeper and the dolphins had a wonderful relationship, a bond that was evident in their interactions and performances. When they performed, the audience whooped and cheered.
The dolphins were captivatingly adorable as they kept making gentle splashes with their fins, drenching the first row of the audience. The children in the audience couldn't help but wave to the dolphins, and the dolphins seemed to respond to the kids’ interest in them, swimming closer to the audience obediently.
Estella giggled in delight when she finally got to touch a dolphin. “Daddy, Mommy, its head is really soft!” The little dolphin made a joyful, high-pitched sound that seemed to be a greeting of sorts for Estella.
Estella immediately began to communicate with the little dolphin. “Little dolphin, come here. They are my brothers. You should get to know them, too!”
Archie and Benny rose to their feet and made their way toward Estella. As they approached, they hesitantly reached out their hands to make contact with the small creature. Its parents were floating some distance away and seemed unconcerned with the presence of the two boys.
“It's wonderful to see how much the dolphin loves the children,” the keeper said encouragingly. “It's so wonderful to see the connection between humans and animals. Let us remember that sea animals, too, are part of our world, and we must do our best to protect and care for them as members of our family.”
Right then, a kid behind the triplets inched nearer eagerly. “Daddy, I'd like to touch the baby dolphin, too!”
A middle-aged, overweight man cast a disapproving glance at Lucian and Roxanne before addressing them in a curt, unfriendly manner. “Can you ask your children to step aside so that other children can also have the opportunity to touch the baby dolphin?”
Lucian's brows furrowed as he gave the man an icy look. The latter was taken aback by his reaction.
Roxanne quickly replied, “I'm sorry, but we chose to sit here. You must've chosen not to sit in the front row as you're afraid of getting splashed by the dolphins, right? However, now that you want to interact with the animal, it might not be as willing to do so with your child.”
The overweight man froze awkwardly. Nevertheless, he refused to back down and shot Roxanne a vicious glare. Lucian noticed his reaction. If he continues being unreasonable, I'll make sure he regrets doing this.
The performance had a time limit. As the baby dolphin obviously seemed reluctant to part with the children, the keeper had an idea and asked, “The baby dolphin is going to perform next. Would you be brave enough to join it?”
“Okay! I'll do it!” Estella agreed readily. Archie and Benny turned over their shoulders to receive their parents’ consent before nodding at the keeper.
“All right. Let us welcome the three children onstage to perform together with our baby dolphin. Please give them a round of applause!”
At once, thunderous applause reverberated across the hall.
The audience was not simply clapping out of politeness as the triplets were so incredibly cute that they had charmed their way into the hearts of everyone present.
All of a sudden, an unexpected voice pierced the air, belonging to the overweight man. He exclaimed, “I believe that since this is a game, my son should be able to take part too. You won't discriminate against him, right?”
He was indirectly admitting to the fact that his son wasn't as good-looking as the triplets.
An awkward look crossed the keeper's face. He was apprehensive that the son of the overweight man, who was older than the triplets, could potentially spook the baby dolphin, resulting in unwanted trouble.
The overweight child shouted in excitement, “I can work together with the baby dolphin! | promise that | won't hurt it, so everything should be fine!”
With that, he strode over the seats and made his way to the pool.
The keeper had no choice but to give in. “Yes, you can join us, but please make sure to follow my instructions. You can do that, right?”
The fat kid patted his chest as a look of contempt spread across his features. “It's just a baby dolphin,” he said reassuringly, “I won't hurt it, so it's fine!”
He turned over his shoulder to glance at his father, who stood there with an air of superiority. His father puffed out his chest arrogantly and shot Lucian and Roxanne a mocking look. 
###Chapter 1789
Chapter 1789
Chapter 1789 Narrow Miss
The baby dolphin's performance began.
The audience was incredibly understanding of the baby dolphin as it was still young. It was not required to perform any complex maneuvers and only had to warm up the scene.
However, the baby dolphin seemed incredibly eager because of the triplets’ presence today. The triplets and the plump boy stood in a row, waiting for the baby dolphin's first performance.
“Kids, be prepared! The baby dolphin will glide past you quickly!” the keeper told them. He then made a hand signal, and the baby dolphin immediately responded by swimming away from the children.
It had to swim further in order to gain greater speed and power to be able to slide its body on the shore.
“All the best, baby dolphin!” Estella said with a beaming smile as she waved her hands enthusiastically, wishing the baby dolphin good luck.
Archie and Benny had positioned themselves on either side of Estella, with Archie standing at the front and Benny at the back. Archie was the first in line, followed by Estella and then Benny. Benny turned around to take a look at the self-satisfied, overweight boy standing behind them.
“What are you looking at, stupid boy?” The plump boy sneered.
The keeper gave a hand signal and the baby dolphin reacted with a loud, joyous shout. With a determined vigor, it began swimming energetically across the pool.
Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh... A few seconds later, the baby dolphin burst out of the water, heading to the kids.
After gracefully maneuvering past Archie's right side, the animal swiftly changed direction, and with equal agility, veered past Estella’s left.
Its agile movements continued as it gracefully turned once more, effortlessly gliding past Benny's right side.
Its speed was surprisingly fast. The audience was pleasantly surprised when it exceeded their expectations. The crowd couldn't help but be impressed and soon broke into wild applause.
Finally, the baby dolphin adjusted its body to glide past the overweight boy's left. However, the boy's gaze turned cold as he suddenly shifted, ready to face the baby dolphin head-on. Everyone blanched in horror at the sight, as it meant that the baby dolphin would directly hit the plump boy.
If it was another child, everyone would worry that the kid would get hurt. Nevertheless, the plump boy seemed to weigh about eighty pounds, which was a typical weight for an adult.
The baby dolphin weighed around thirty to forty pounds, so it would definitely get hurt in the collision.
Suddenly, Archie spun on his heels and pounced onto the overweight child at lightning speed.
Shocked, Estella shut her eyes, not daring to watch the scene.
The baby dolphin's parents suddenly grew restless and swam across the pool rapidly, intending to save their child. “Archie!” Roxanne's body trembled in fear when she realized what Archie intended to do.
Lucian reacted quickly and decisively by leaping across the railing.
In a split second, Archie's body collided with the boy. The baby dolphin glided past, narrowly missing them. Fortunately, it didn't collide with the humans.
The plump boy stumbled and crashed to the ground.
At the same time, the baby dolphin's parents arrived by the side of the pool and leaped into the air, aiming for the overweight boy.
Lucian acted swiftly, snatching Archie up in his arms before the latter had the chance to fall to the ground.
The keeper was initially stunned, but he quickly regained his composure and reprimanded the adult dolphins sternly so they wouldn't harm the plump boy.
Everything happened in a split second, and the audience was shocked senseless. Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief when she realized Archie was safe and sound.
She was so nervous earlier that she had forgotten to breathe. 
###Chapter 1790
Chapter 1790
Chapter 1790 Who Do You Think You Are
“Archie!” Estella quickly ran over to Lucian.
Lucian flung his arms around her as he was afraid the baby dolphin's parents would violently attack anyone in sight.
Benny was quick enough to stand behind Estella to protect her. He stayed close to Lucian and asked, “Archie, are you all right?” Archie nodded to indicate that he was fine. However, his gaze remained fixed on that overweight kid.
The keeper's reprimand proved effective, for the baby dolphin's parents stopped trying to attack them.
Otherwise, the overweight child could potentially be at risk, for the force of impact from the collision could be enough to cause his bones to fracture.
The overweight kid was planning on yelling at Archie, but the two adult dolphins caused his entire body to become rigid with fear. “Daddy? Daddy!” he screamed in terror.
The keeper moved quickly and with great empathy to soothe the agitated adult dolphins, preventing them from taking out their fury on the plump kid.
The baby dolphin had no idea what was happening, but it obediently hid behind its parents.
The overweight man was taken aback when he suddenly realized that his son had almost been involved in an accident. Despite his desire to act quickly, his body was slow to respond.
He tried to run to the swimming pool, but his bulky frame made it difficult for him to climb over the railing. “What is going on? How could the dolphins try to hurt a kid?” he yelled at the keeper the moment he arrived at the poolside.
He shot a fierce glare at Archie, who was still in Lucian's embrace. “What do you think you're doing, barreling into my child like that? Do you have a death wish?”
Lucian got to his feet and stood in front of the three children in a defensive manner.
Right this moment, he unleashed his hostile aura without holding back.
Roxanne's expression turned grim as she stood up and walked down the stairs to the pool.
“Fatty, that's utter nonsense! Your son nearly killed the baby dolphin! It was him who didn't follow the rules!”
“Yeah, that handsome boy was just trying to protect the baby dolphin. Everyone saw that with their own eyes! Your son was really rude.”
“Like father, like son. Stop embarrassing yourselves, okay?”
The audience wasn't blind. Thus, they were outraged to see the plump guy acting all aggressive when it was obviously his son's fault.
The man and his son turned pale when they were confronted by the accusatory voices of the crowd. Lucian strode to the plump man and gave him a tight slap. “Who are you to yell at my children?”
Roxanne gathered the little ones around her and positioned herself behind Lucian, who made her feel safe and protected.
The man's cheek turned red and swollen following the slap. However, he dared not retaliate at the sight of Lucian's eyes, which were like blocks of ice.
He felt a heavy, sinking sensation in his chest as it seemed that the man standing before him had the power to take his life at any moment.
However, his son wasn't as sensitive as his father and yelled, “Why did you slap my daddy? I'll call the police to arrest you!” The man quickly pulled his son back to stop him from lashing out at Lucian.
The crowd was staring at them, so Roxanne was worried that Lucian might not control himself and continue attacking the plump guy. If this were to happen, it would undoubtedly lead to a great deal of difficulty for both of them.
She hurried over to Lucian and took his right hand. “This isn't the time,” she said softly. Lucian spun around, his gaze softening. He gave her a slight nod before responding in a quiet voice, “I understand.” Turning to the kids, he asked in concern, “Are you all right?”
The kids nodded in unison. “Daddy, we're fine!” 
###Chapter 1791
Chapter 1791
Chapter 1791 Likes Your Daughter
The obese man was humiliated in public but dared not unleash his wrath on Lucian, so he ended up chiding the keeper. “How did you train the dolphins? My son was nearly hit by them! You need to take responsibility for this!” The keeper's eyes flashed with fury as the urge to slap the man just like how Lucian did earlier rose in his heart.
However, he managed to keep his cool as the dolphins’ safety was more important. There were many visitors, and he would sometimes run into one or two unreasonable ones.
“Sir, | had already made it clear to your son that he was to abide by my instructions,” the keeper declared sternly. “Unfortunately, he disregarded my warnings and made a reckless move that nearly caused harm to a baby dolphin. Remember, these are wild animals - they will not hesitate to take revenge on those who mistreat them.”
The two adult dolphins behind him came on shore and inched nearer to the plump guy as though they could understand his words.
The overweight man might be overweight, but he was less than two hundred pounds, so two adult dolphins were strong enough to send him flying.
Both father and son blanched in horror. The audience were pleased to see their reaction. “S-Stop the dolphins from coming! What do they want to do?”
The keeper ignored the overweight man's pleas for help, looking on with a detached expression as the adult dolphins slowly approached. The man's bravado quickly dissipated, and he began to panic, his screams echoing throughout the aquarium.
His son's face was pale with fright, too. That was the first time he realized dolphins could be the opposite of adorable.
As the desired results had been achieved, the keeper barked out an order. The adult dolphins finally turned around and returned to their baby.
Seeing that, the triplets shared a look and burst into giggles.
“The adult dolphins are amazing. They protected their baby!” Estella gazed at her parents, her eyes questioning if she had made the correct assumption.
Lucian and Roxanne both nodded in agreement, their faces lighting up with broad smiles.
“Okay. The baby dolphin must be scared, though. I'd like to take a look at it.” With that, Estella released her grip on Roxanne and hopped toward the keeper.
“Essie, don't go. The baby dolphin's parents are still upset,” Archie reminded her. Lucian instantly went after her.
The keeper was quick to caution the little girl as soon as he noticed her approaching the dolphins. “Little girl, don't come over now. The adult dolphins are very protective of their baby now. They will be hostile to anyone other than me.”
Lucian stopped Estella and nodded in agreement. “Essie, listen to the keeper.”
Estella bobbed her head obediently. From a distance away, she waved at the baby dolphin. “Baby dolphin, are you okay? Don't be scared. I'll visit you next time, and we can perform together again!”
The audience were charmed by her words.
To everyone's surprise, the baby dolphin left its parents and came to Estella happily as though it had understood her words.
The creature slowly extended its neck so that Estella could stroke its head once more. Estella giggled excitedly and reached out to pat its head.
The baby dolphin made a noise to indicate that it was delighted.
It was a harmonious sight. Many people pulled out their phones to record the sight.
Even Roxanne couldn't help but record the wonderful moment that her daughter was part of.
The keeper was initially worried, but as he looked on, his worry gradually morphed into awe and pride. “It looks like the baby dolphin adores your daughter!”
Lucian gave a terse dip of his head to indicate his agreement. His brows were furrowed with worry as he kept his gaze focused on the adult dolphins, dreading the possibility that they could misinterpret Estella's presence and become aggressive.
Luckily, that didn't happen.
The adult dolphins seemed to understand their baby's intention, for they watched from afar without moving. 
###Chapter 1792
Chapter 1792
Chapter 1792 Vicious Child
Estella waved for the boys to come over and join her as she interacted with the baby dolphin.
When Archie and Benny came closer, the baby dolphin also inched nearer so they could touch its head.
Seeing that, Lucian and Roxanne shared a smile.
The keeper was no longer worried. He directed the adult dolphins to go back to the pool and reunite with the other dolphins. The plump man and his son were overlooked. Feeling embarrassed, he held his son's hand and prepared to leave. However, his son was still staring at the baby dolphin in a hostile manner.
“Daddy, that's just an animal. Why do so many people like it?” the boy spat angrily.
The man inclined his head. Indeed, as the saying went, “The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.”
He grasped his son's hand and began to lead him to the stairs so they could return to their seats.
Suddenly, the boy released his hand and ran toward Estella.
Once he arrived behind Estella, he gave the little girl a firm push.
Estella was completely taken off-guard. As a result, she tumbled unceremoniously into the pool.
Beside her, Archie and Benny gaped in disbelief. Upon regaining their composure, they roared, “B*stard! You b*stard!” They both leaped toward the overweight boy, sending him crashing to the unforgiving hard surface below.
Lucian and Roxanne didn't expect this to happen.
“Essie!” Roxanne screamed in fear.
She leaped into the pool right after Estella landed in the water.
Lucian came to his senses mere moments later. He saw his wife and daughter in the pool, and without a second thought, he jumped in after them.
This incident was even more unexpected than the baby dolphin's near collision earlier.
The audience erupted into gasps, and many got to their feet.
“Hurry, save them! The pool is pretty deep, and the little girl must be in danger!”
“Keepers, save them!”
“My goodness! What a vicious boy. How could he push someone into the pool?”
Some people left their seats and ran down the stairs.
In the pool, Estella sputtered and coughed, swallowing two mouthfuls of water.
She soon felt her mother's arms around her.
Roxanne couldn't swim as her arms were around Estella. Even so, her mind was focused solely on keeping the little girl safe.
She was in desperate peril, rapidly sinking beneath the surface, but despite her own danger, she managed to lift Estella out of the water.
Estella inhaled deeply, only to be met with an immediate fit of coughing. Roxanne's body continued sinking. She felt a burning sensation as the air in her lungs was rapidly exhausted. Her mind was starting to buzz when Lucian's figure appeared beside her.
He flung his arms around her and pulled her upward.
Finally, the keepers jumped into the pool and took Estella from Roxanne. “Ma'am, please release your hands. We'll bring her to shore safely.”
The voice talking to her came from above the surface, and Roxanne couldn't hear it clearly. However, she could feel Estella being lifted from her palms.
Lucian was still tugging her upward, so she could finally swim after her hands were freed.
It felt to Roxanne as though an eternity had gone by, but in reality, only four seconds had elapsed before her head emerged from the depths of the water.
As she gasped for air, she nervously glanced at the shore.
The sight of Estella being pulled ashore by many helpful visitors made her relax.
Suddenly, she felt something moving behind her. Turning around, she glanced around anxiously. “Where is Lucian? Where is he?” she demanded.
Right then, Lucian's handsome face emerged in front of her.
He extended his arms and embraced her tightly, fearful that she would slip back beneath the water's surface without the strength to resurface.
At the same time, he darted a look to the shore.
When he saw that Estella had been saved, the anxiety in his heart faded away. 
###Chapter 1793
Chapter 1793
Chapter 1793 Can You Afford The Compensation
After getting ashore, Lucian and Roxanne hurried to Estella to check on her condition.
Estella had sipped some water and gradually began to calm down. “Daddy, Mommy, I'm fine! When | fell into the pool, the baby dolphin also jumped in after me. | saw that. I'm sure it was trying to save me!”
Lucian and Roxanne could barely hide their surprise to hear that. She's practically friends with that baby dolphin!
Due to the urgency of the situation, they hadn't seen that with their own eyes. They also knew they couldn't rely on others to save their daughter.
“Did you choke and swallow the pool water?” Roxanne asked.
Estella furrowed her brows before nodding. “I think | drank two mouthfuls of the water. | feel a bit uncomfortable. Will | have a tummy ache later?”
Roxanne gave her head a reassuring pat. “No, of course not. I'm a doctor, so trust me. You'll just have to take a few pills to kill the bacteria, that's all.”
Archie and Benny hung their heads, ready to be reprimanded for their actions. “Daddy, Mommy, we're sorry for failing to protect Essie!”
Lucian got to his knees and hugged them. “No, that wasn't your fault. It was a sudden situation, and you did a good job pinning that boy down. Had you not been able to do that, he would've pushed you both, too. If that were to happen, we wouldn't be able to save you all.”
Roxanne felt bad for them and quickly comforted them, “That's right. Archie, Benny, you did nothing wrong. Even if you jumped into the water, you wouldn't be able to save Essie. Saving her is our responsibility as adults. We won't blame you for this.”
The keepers and visitors gathered to inquire about their well-being.
Lucian and Roxanne felt a surge of anger when they recalled who the culprit was.
“Where is the plump kid?” Roxanne demanded. It was the first time in her life that she had ever despised a child this much. Lucian's expression was as dark as thunder. “What a ruthless boy! How could he put someone else's life at stake?”
The overweight man and his son were currently surrounded by an angry crowd, who hurled insults and curses at them.
As Lucian and Roxanne approached, the crowd parted.
Roxanne immediately discovered that the boy wasn't repentant at all as there was a smug look in his gaze.
Nevertheless, she also noticed that his nose was bleeding.
“Daddy, Mommy, Benny and | hit him,” Archie admitted.
To his surprise, Lucian praised him. “Good job! Someone like him deserves to be punished. You did the right thing by hitting him. It's fine.”
The overweight man had no idea his son would cause trouble for him. When he saw Roxanne and Lucian approaching him, he apologized readily. “It was completely my son's fault, and I'm sorry for that. Please, let me make it up to you in any way | can. I'm willing to compensate you with any amount you deem necessary.”
Before he could add more, Lucian delivered a vicious kick to the man, sending him tumbling to the ground. “Compensate? Can you afford to compensate us?” Lucian's gaze sent a chill down the man's spine.
Roxanne's face hardened as she gritted her teeth and spoke in a tone laced with frost. “Look how smug your son is. It's a wonder how you were able to raise such a complete piece of trash.”
She couldn't control her feelings as it was her first time seeing such an evil kid.
If they weren't in public, she would've given the boy two forceful slaps without hesitation. 
###Chapter 1794
Chapter 1794
Chapter 1794 Refuses To Let It Go
“Compensation? Fatty, are you insane? Do you know that this is Mr. Lucian Farwell, the Chairman of Farwell Group? How do you intend to compensate him?”
“Fatso, you're in so much trouble today. What an insolent brat you have! You're definitely asking for trouble!”
“Has anyone informed the police yet? | think there will be no need to do that. Just push his son into the pool and let the dolphins have some fun with him!”
Before Lucian and Roxanne could do anything, the crowd became agitated and was ready to deal with that pair of recalcitrant father and son.
When the fat man heard their scolding, he got so frightened that his face turned pale.
Glancing at his son, he exploded with anger when he noticed the ignorant expression on the boy. The man then gave his son a few hard smacks on his head.
“You brat! Are you trying to get me into trouble? D*mn it! Who told you to push the girl into the water? F*ck! Just my luck...” Not only did the man scold his son, but he also hit and kicked the boy. The plump child began to how! in pain.
Unfortunately, no one took pity and felt sorry for the boy. Some people even egged the father on and told him to hit harder. After all, the child needed to be taught a lesson.
Just then, a very guilty-looking keeper walked up to Lucian and Roxanne.
The keeper then apologized, “Sir, Madam, I'm genuinely very sorry. | was the one who invited your children to the performance. That's how everyone got into trouble. This is our fault. How can we make it up to you?”
Roxanne shook her head. “This isn't your fault. It's all because of this man and his son. Since you have already called the police, we'll let them handle this matter.”
She then tugged at Lucian and whispered, “If the police handle it, they will probably ask them to apologize to us and offer a little compensation. That child is underage, after all! But, | just can't let it go like that!”
“That's right! We can't just let them off so easily!” uttered Lucian coldly. Soon, the police showed up. They looked through the surveillance cameras and figured out the happenings.
Both the father and son were taken away by the police. Lucian and Roxanne took the children and prepared to head to the police station as well to help with the investigation.
Just as Roxanne had anticipated, an incident that involved children's bad behavior would not end up well. However, Lucian gave Cayden a phone call when they were outside the police station.
He then took Roxanne and the children back to the hotel so that they could shower and have a change of clothes. Lucian and Roxanne waited till the police called them before they went to the station.
“Mr. Farwell, Ms. Jarvis, | don't think you will be happy with the outcome of our investigation. However, we have tried our best to exact the maximum punishment. Mr. Cross will have to pay you thirty thousand as compensation, and his son will have to apologize to you in person. At the same time, we will also inform the boy's school and conduct further investigation.”
The police must be worried about the kind of actions that Lucian would take to trigger public opinion on the matter. As such, they had meted the maximum punishment they could on both the man and his son.
Lucian quickly signed on the mediation documents.
“Darling, | won't let them off so easily,” assured Lucian as he looked at Roxanne.
She nodded in agreement, and an idea popped up in her head.
The two of them returned to the hotel and saw that the children were playing. Estella was still talking about the baby dolphin. It seemed that she had completely forgotten about the incident where she fell into the water.
Thankfully, she was still too young to remember the incident. Therefore, it did not cause her any trauma. Roxanne immediately gave Linda a call and asked her to bring some antibiotics over. Just then, the doorbell rang, and they could hear the overweight man's voice outside the door.
He sounded genuinely frightened. “Mr. Farwell, Ms. Jarvis, I'm Felix Cross. | have brought my son here to apologize to you...” 
###Chapter 1795
Chapter 1795
Chapter 1795 The Employer Says So
Both Lucian and Roxanne had no intention of opening the door.
Outside, Felix kept on calling out for them.
He sounded more and more sincere each time, and the fear in him was increasing rapidly. Felix glared at his son before giving him one hard one on the boy's head.
“Ouch! Dad, why are you hitting me?” The boy cried out in pain. His father had always been more ruthless than other people. He could not fathom why his father became so meek all of a sudden.
Before the boy could return to his senses, Felix yelled at him again. “Get down on your knees! Right now! Ask Mr. Farwell and Ms. Jarvis for their forgiveness.”
The child hesitated before shaking his head. “Why should | apologize? | didn't do anything wrong. The girl is fine, isn't she?” The boy showed no remorse at all!
Felix was livid and gave his son a few slaps, after which the child began to cry loudly.
Lucian frowned when the commotion outside the door became louder.
“| can't believe he's still trying to gain our pity. His son shows no sign of remorse at all. | will never forgive him!” When Roxanne heard the boy's refusal to apologize, she was so angry that her body shook.
In the end, Lucian called the front desk, and a few security guards came to take Felix and his son away.
Felix began shouting outside the hotel at the top of his voice, “Looks like Mr. Farwell and his family don't intend to accept our apology. Regardless, we have already done as the punishment the police gave us dictated. It will be even better if he doesn't want the compensation!”
He thought that would be the end of it. Thereafter, he told his son, “Next time, watch who you bully! Don't offend the wealthy people. Be smarter!”
“Okay, Dad. So, are we all right now? Just now, | thought you were afraid of Mr. Farwell. By the looks of it, he isn't that powerful, after all!” The fat boy grinned, evidently forgetting the beating that he had gotten from his father a while ago.
“Hmph! | was only putting on an act. It doesn’t matter what method you use as long as you can settle the issue! Keep that in mind.” Gone was Felix's earlier timid look, to be replaced with a wicked smirk.
Just then, a van stopped next to Felix and his son.
Before they could do anything, six men dressed in black and wearing masks jumped out from the vehicle and dragged the two of them into the van.
The van sped away, and agonized screams could be heard coming from the vehicle.
Awhile later, the van finally arrived at an isolated area on the outskirts of the city. The moment the door opened, both Felix and his son were ordered to get out of the vehicle. Their faces were swollen and covered with bruises.
Blood was spewing out of Felix's nose, and he began to beg, “Please spare us! We will give you whatever you want! Just tell me how much!”
As his son was still a child, the masked men did not hit him too hard. They only gave the boy a few slaps, causing his cheeks to swell badly.
“Boss, this is for you! The employer told us to sprinkle this all over the boy!” said one of the men in black.
There was a bag of powder in his hand.
“What's that?” the leader of the group asked. Then again, he realized there was no need to ask too many questions.
After all, they had been tasked to teach Felix and his son a lesson.
The leader of the group then walked up to the boy and poured the powder down his shirt.
After that, he yelled at the boy, “Remove your pants!”
The chubby boy was too frightened to utter a word. There was only fear in his eyes as he could sense how terrifying these men really were.
Therefore, he did as he was told. Once again, the leader of the group sprinkled the powder on his exposed body parts. 
###Chapter 1796
Chapter 1796
Chapter 1796 Scared Out Of His Wits
Shortly after, the boy felt itchy all over his body. He fell to the ground and began rolling all over.
“Dad, Dad! What's going on? I'm feeling very itchy all over my body. It's horrible! It feels like thousands of ants are biting me! Dad, help me!”
The child began crying in fear. Yet, Felix dared not say anything. Instead, he got down on his knees and begged once again.
“It's my fault for being an ignorant fool! Both my son and | know that we have done wrong. We offended someone we shouldn't have! Please spare us. | have twenty thousand with me. Please take it—”
The leader of the group scoffed and gave Felix a kick. “Do you think we are beggars? How is twenty thousand enough for so many of us? Stop begging. There's a pit over there. It's meant for you and your son!”
At the mention of a pit, Felix felt weak all over.
Despite his son rolling in the dust in discomfort, Felix paid him no mind as despair swamped him.
Pit? Do they intend to bury us alive?
Now, Felix understood the kind of person Lucian was.
The leader of the group issued the command, and his subordinates dragged Felix and his son to the pit.
The pit was about two meters deep. In fact, the ladder they used earlier on was still there.
“Do you want to go down the ladder on your own, or do you want us to push you down?” asked the leader coldly.
At that moment, Felix was so terrified that there was no expression on his face. In the end, both father and son still managed to get into the pit on their own.
Felix thought that they would be buried alive.
Just then, the leader scoffed and said, “Just wait here. Tomorrow night, some people will be coming by here to chop wood. That will be your chance to get out of the pit! Remember the lesson today!”
Felix was dumbfounded.
So, they don't intend to kill us!
The joy of surviving was such a relief to Felix that he collapsed to the ground. To say he was scared out of his wits was an understatement.
Next to him, his son was still rolling and crying in agony. “Dad, | feel so uncomfortable! Dad, help me! Why am | feeling so itchy? No matter how much I scratch myself, it's still the same!”
“The itch on your son should last about three days! Remember to make sure he doesn't tear his skin from excessive scratching!” sneered the leader before he drove off with his men.
Meanwhile, at the hotel, Lucian received a phone call from Cayden.
“Mr. Farwell, it's done. We have certainly taught them a good lesson!” Cayden had gotten someone else to do the deed. However, whoever had been tasked would definitely do a good job.
Lucian nodded and said, “All right. Come to the hotel and take the children home.”
Suddenly, Cayden asked, “Linda handed me some powder. Was it your instruction too, Mr. Farwell?”
“What powder?” Lucian mumbled in confusion. Roxanne, who was listening to the conversation, chuckled and admitted to the deed.
“| was the one who told Linda to give it to Cayden!”
“Oh, okay then. Just use it,” replied Lucian before he ended the phone call.
With how furious Roxanne is this time around, that powder must have a horrible effect. | bet it's meant for that fat kid. Not long after, Lucian received a video.
It showed the tragic end of Felix and his son. Roxanne felt so much better after hearing the agonized cries of the boy.
Essie nearly died. This punishment is nothing compared to that! 
###Chapter 1797
Chapter 1797
Chapter 1797 Running A High Fever
That night at the mansion, Roxanne had just finished giving the children their baths. Once she was done telling them their bedtime stories, she went down to the first floor.
Lucian was still busy working downstairs. There were some things that even Cayden could not handle, such as a client from Epea who suddenly had lots of questions. By the looks of it, the client might even want to cancel their collaboration.
No matter how much Cayden tried to calm the client down, it was futile. Hence, Lucian had no choice but to handle the client himself.
To make matters worse, the client refused to answer any of his phone calls, so he could only communicate with the client via email.
Roxanne was about to remind Lucian to take a rest when she noticed that his face was flushed.
Oh no! He's having a fever!
Roxanne walked up to him and touched his forehead.
True enough, he was running a high temperature.
“You have a fever! Stop working. Let me take a look at you.” He was still typing, so Roxanne stopped him.
“Really? No wonder I'm feeling hot.” Lucian did not seem bothered by his high temperature and appeared indifferent.
Roxanne, on the other hand, was worried. “Let me check your temperature right now. Drink some water first. Why aren't you sweating?”
She took a look at the thermometer and saw that his temperature was thirty-eight point five degrees Celsius. He was running a high fever. If he had been a child, he would have been in terrible shape.
“Enough. Stop working. You must have caught a cold at the oceanarium. Did you swallow any water when you dived into the pool?” asked Roxanne. When she saw that Lucian had sent the email, she shut the laptop.
Thereafter, she went into doctor mode and began to treat him.
Not only did she replenish his fluids, but she also gave him antibiotics because Lucian might have come into contact with bacteria in the pool.
Lucian, on the other hand, seemed very relaxed and kept reassuring her that he was fine. Roxanne was aware that Lucian was a healthy man who worked out often.
Unfortunately, once people like Lucian had a bacterial infection and fell ill, it was a serious matter. True enough, Lucian's temperature raised to thirty-nine degrees Celsius in a short while.
That scared Roxanne to death. Lucian's body felt like an oven to her.
He followed her instructions and took the medicine and drank lots of water. At last, he began to lose his focus and feel exhausted.
“Let me take you back to the room. Tonight, | will have to watch your temperature. It's too high, and we have no fever medicine at home.” Roxanne picked up the phone and got Cayden to buy some medicine.
It was the first time Lucian became a patient and experienced being cared for.
However, due to his high fever, his head felt heavy, and he started to feel dizzy.
Soon, Cayden arrived with the medicine. Roxanne woke Lucian up and said, “Wake up and take this medicine. Are you a little dazed when your eyes come in contact with the lights?”
Lucian woke up, took the fever medicine, and nodded weakly. “Okay. Don't worry about it. Go on and sleep. I'll be here. Nothing will happen. Your temperature will return to normal very soon!” Roxanne spoke very gently before she reached out and held Lucian's hand, which was still very hot.
All the while, she did not let go of his hand. At the same time, she would check his temperature with her left hand every now and then.
The medicine worked very quickly. After ten minutes, sweat started to appear on Lucian's forehead and even on his palms. In fact, he was perspiring all over his body.
However, Roxanne dared not let her guard down. Lowering his temperature was only a temporary measure. His temperature would surely shoot up again during the night.
Hence, she was prepared to stay awake throughout the entire night. 
###Chapter 1798
Chapter 1798
Chapter 1798 Fall Into The Water
That night, Lucian's high fever turned out just as Roxanne expected.
His temperature dropped, increased, and dropped again. When it was near dawn, his temperature reached thirty-eight point seven degrees Celsius.
Fever reducers could only be consumed every six hours. Seeing the time was not up, Roxanne quickly switched to a physical method.
She wiped Lucian down repeatedly for over an hour. Only then did the temperature reduce.
Lucian was half-conscious the entire time. Although his complexion returned to normal, his lips were still pale, and he looked exhausted.
“Thank you, Darling,” Lucian murmured with a dazed look in his eyes. Immediately after that, he fell back into a deep sleep. Roxanne realized something was not right. After all, fevers were usually not that serious. She fetched a blood collection tube, quickly collected two tubes of blood, and called Cayden to take care of Lucian.
Cayden was still fighting to open his eyes when he arrived. The moment he heard Lucian was sick, the former no longer felt sleepy.
Meanwhile, Roxanne immediately drove to the laboratory despite feeling exhausted.
Half an hour later, Roxanne finally found the possible virus Lucian had contracted. The previous medicine did not take that into account. Hence, it was not effective.
At that, she quickly grabbed the correct medicine from the laboratory and rushed back to the mansion, only to find Lucian awake. Hence, Roxanne asked him how he was feeling.
“Every muscle in my body is aching. There's like a tugging sensation. This is a fever caused by a virus, isn't it? Darling, did you stay up all night? I'll be fine. You don't need to work so hard.”
After Lucian described his condition, Roxanne quickly fed him the medicine and took his temperature.
When he saw her frazzled face and slightly swollen eyes, he reached out and caressed her face with a smile. Roxanne held his hand and smiled reassuringly. “I'm fine. I'll get some rest after observing you for a while.”
Just like that, an hour passed. Cayden had his breakfast at the mansion and left after getting Roxanne's permission. Lucian looked more relieved, and his temperature was under control. The only problem was that he was still weak.
He fell sick instantly, yet it took him ages to recover. Then again, his immune system had fought a serious battle with the virus. Naturally, some normal cells were affected. A slow recovery rate was to be expected.
Finally, Roxanne gave in to Lucian's constant urges and went to sleep.
Before sleeping, Roxanne reminded, “Let's quarantine ourselves from the kids when they wake up in case they get infected.” Giving her a nod, Lucian washed up and had his breakfast. Not long after Roxanne dozed off, Sonya arrived.
As she stepped into the living room, she spotted a pale-looking Lucian. Hence, she asked worriedly, “Lucian, how are you feeling? The butler told me you had a fever.”
“I'm fine, Mom. It's just a slight cold. Roxanne's already treated me. | just need time to recover,” Lucian responded. Of course, Sonya was still worried about him. She reached out and felt his forehead, which was still quite hot to the touch.
Immediately, her anger surged. “You guys went to the aquarium yesterday, didn't you? The incident is all over the internet. Did you catch a cold during the incident?”
“| think so. Headaches and high body temperatures are inevitable. Look. I'm fine, aren't I? It's a test of immunity, anyway.” Lucian brushed the matter off.
However, Sonya would not let it slide so easily. “How can you say you're fine? If Roxanne had taken better care of Essie, Essie wouldn't have fallen into the water, right? You wouldn't have gotten a fever from some infection either.” 
###Chapter 1799
Chapter 1799
Chapter 1799 My Mom Does Not Believe It
Lucian immediately frowned and glared at his mother. “Mom, it's an accident. What are you talking about?”
“Yes, yes. It's an accident, but you guys are being too careless. How could you simply let your child perform on stage with animals? That's so dangerous. All | can say is that Roxanne's not being meticulous enough.”
Realizing Sonya was placing all the blame on Roxanne, Lucian fumed, “Mom, are you here to see me or make accusations? If you keep doing this in the future, you might as well not come here!”
Sonya was rendered speechless.
She never expected her son to say something so heartless, and it left her briefly stunned. At first, she wanted to scold him, but she kept it in. “All right. | won't talk about it anymore. Anyway, I've been thinking about the two kids for the past two days. Can | raise my doubts? Can | ask Roxanne for evidence?” Sonya uttered in a calm tone.
There was no way Lucian could evade that problem. Even if everyone in the family believed it, the branch families of the Farwell family might not necessarily believe it.
After mulling it over, he nodded in agreement. “Okay. I'll get a paternity test done to convince them.” Sonya put on a smile, for her wish was fulfilled.
She did not believe the kids were Lucian's. She was sure Roxanne had bewitched him.
After that, Lucian persuaded Sonya to leave by using his exhaustion as an excuse.
When the children were awake, Lucian distanced himself from them. He also informed them about his sickness and told them not to get close to him.
“Mommy's sleeping now because she stayed up last night to take care of me. Please be quiet today and do not make any noise, okay? Archie, I'll need you to take care of your siblings.”
The trio nodded obediently.
“You must be feeling uncomfortable, too. Please get some rest. That way, you'll recover faster,” Estella urged.
“That's right. If there's anything you need, you can let us know. We can help take care of you as well,” said Archie and Benny. Indeed, Lucian was tired. He had been so busy since Roxanne got poisoned that he had not gotten enough rest.
After informing the butlers and housekeepers, he retired to his room.
Roxanne was already sound asleep, lying on the bed in a lazy yet cute position. Seeing that, Lucian pulled the blanket over her before lying down.
By the time he opened his eyes again, she was taking his temperature. She looked haggard.
“Why are you awake? You didn't sleep for long. Why don't you rest more?” asked Lucian.
Roxanne focused on reading the thermometer. When she confirmed Lucian's temperature was within the normal range, she felt a sense of relief. She then helped him up and fed him the medicine.
“A minor accident happened at the research institute. Some impurities were added to the medicines for rheumatism during the manufacturing process. What's weird is that the medicinal effects increased. That's why Old Mr. Lomax contacted me right away. He couldn't figure out what the new component was. So, I'm currently looking into it using a reverse method. If | can find the key, we might be able to use this new method to create the medicine,” said Roxanne with a smile. Although she said she was no longer worried about the research institute, it was constantly on her mind.
After all, being able to develop one more drug meant that more patients would be free of their suffering. Lucian nodded in response. Recalling his mother's request, he asked, “My mom still doesn't believe it. So—
Before he could finish, Roxanne interrupted nonchalantly, “So, a paternity test is needed, right? It's all right. Let's do it.” 
###Chapter 1800
Chapter 1800
Chapter 1800 Too Impatient
When Lucian heard her straightforward reply, he pondered deeply.
Worried she might be angry, he explained, “I don't think there's a need for it, but my mom's exceptionally stubborn. You can choose not to do the test if you find it offensive.”
While he was saying that, he looked like a frightened child who had made a mistake. Roxanne could not help but smile, for it amused her.
“It's nothing. | just need to collect things like hair and run a test. It doesn't harm the kids, so there's no reason for me to . Besides, if | , I'll only be perceived as feeling guilty.”
It was not the time to be concerned about her dignity.
Letting Archie and Benny return to the Farwell family was not a simple matter of reuniting with their father. It also meant that they had the right to be the heir of the Farwell family.
Although Roxanne had zero interest in money, she was determined to fight for her children's rights. The Farwell family was a huge family. Showing them proof with a paternity test was the best way to silence their doubts.
After agreeing to Lucian's request, Roxanne went downstairs and eyed the two kids for some time. Coincidentally, their hair had gotten long. Roxanne instructed the butler to call in a hairdresser to give the kids' hair a trim. She also instructed the butler to keep some of the hair for the paternity test.
Not long after, the boys each placed some of their hair into a transparent container and labeled them clearly before giving them to Roxanne.
The boys looked refreshed after the haircut. Hence, Estella wanted a haircut too. In fact, she wanted the same one as the boys. It took a lot of complimenting from the hairdresser to convince Estella that there was no need for it.
When Roxanne handed the containers to Lucian, he observed her reaction cautiously. Sure enough, she was not mad.
Hence, he plucked some of his hair and stored them in a separate container.
“Ah... I'm getting old. These hairs came off the moment | pulled them. Do you think I'll become bald in the future?” asked Lucian, sounding worried.
Roxanne chuckled in amusement. She grabbed his hair and tugged at it gently.
Finally, she assured him, “You should be fine. You have hair falling and growing naturally. If you're really worried, | can take two strands of hair and get them tested at the lab to find out if there's any problem.”
Her serious expression made Lucian realize she was not joking. Thus, he nodded and plucked out two strands of hair for her.
Roxanne carefully wrapped them up in a piece of tissue to get them tested at the research institute.
It did not take long for the hair samples to be delivered to the Farwell main residence by Cayden. In fact, Sonya never expected Lucian to get things done so quickly after agreeing to her request.
She quickly contacted a medical testing company bought over by Farwell Group to get someone to run paternity tests on the hair.
Meanwhile, Elias smoked a couple of cigarettes without saying anything the entire time.
“You're just too impatient. Even if you didn't bring it up, Lucian would definitely do it. You're only making him upset by doing this,” remarked Elias. However, Sonya struggled to contain her anger.
“The paternity test is going to be done sooner or later. So what if | become the evil mother-in-law? Roxanne doesn't even see me as an elder, anyway. She's already moved in with Lucian, but she never paid us a visit here. Clearly, she doesn't respect us,” responded Sonya angrily.
Sighing, Elias said, “She's only been here for a few days. She might not be sure. Besides, we were the ones who wronged her back then.” 
###Chapter 1801
Chapter 1801
Chapter 1801 Lost For Words
Meanwhile, in the living room of the Queen residence, Jonathan scowled when he saw his sister return in a drunken state, reeking of alcohol. He berated, “What on earth are you doing, Frieda? I've given you the authority to manage all the companies supplying medicinal herbs as you asked. Yet, I'm hearing people telling me you never even stepped foot into the company. You're just constantly drunk. Ugh. It looks like | was wrong about you!”
His tone was laced with disappointment, frustration, and anger.
Raising a brow, Frieda flashed a smile in a daze. “What do you mean? This is how | manage the company. Who do you think I'm having drinks with? Shut up if you don't know anything.”
She never intended to follow her brother's style of doing things, in which he constantly looked serious and abided by his principles.
“Do you think these medicinal herbs suppliers are easy to talk to? You have no idea how much that b*stard Jack paid them. That's why they have the audacity to exaggerate the medicine's effects and raise the price. I'm only drinking to help save the cost and help the company earn.”
At first, Frieda was delighted to take over the medicinal herbs suppliers, thinking she had gotten a good prospect that could make money. In reality, it was a huge mess.
After making an inspection, she realized each company's person in charge did not obey her. In fact, they were only pretending to do so. Some were even planning to start a new business elsewhere.
If she did not ask Shawn for advice, who told her to deal with the people in charge using the ways of the industry, she would not have found a breakthrough.
Thankfully, each drinking session bore fruits. She was close to unifying the companies. “Must you accompany them to have meals and drinks? Don't forget who you are. You represent the Queen family!” After giving it some thought, Jonathan still believed that it was not the best solution.
“Yes, yes. | represent the Queen family. Tsk. | have nothing to say to you. Forget it. Let's just mind our own business.” Frieda shot him a glare before staggering back to her room.
After shutting the door behind her, she fished out her phone and gave Shawn a call. “I'm home. My head hurts a lot, and | miss you,” Frieda blurted, using her drunkenness as an excuse.
Shawn chuckled on the other end of the call. “I miss you, too. You're doing a great job these days. You managed to settle things without using a lot of money. As expected of the woman | fancy.”
His praises put a smile on Frieda's face. It made her forget the uncomfortable feeling of being drunk. “Get some rest. Our plan will gradually be realized,” said Shawn.
Frieda was confident that Shawn was more capable than Jonathan and even on par with Lucian. The thought of being together with Shawn in the future filled her heart with a sweet sensation.
“You should get some rest, too. I'd like to see you if you're free tomorrow. Can we do that?”
“Sure. See you tomorrow, then. Good night!”
With that, Shawn hung up the call without hesitation.
His straightforwardness was what Frieda liked about him. Smiling blissfully, she lay on her bed and dozed off.
Meanwhile, in the mansion on the mountain, Shawn put down his phone and shifted his gaze to the blond man with blue eyes standing in front of him.
“Mr. Paolo, I've offered you all the conditions | can offer. It's definitely better than what Lucian offers. Truth be told, your response these days has aroused his suspicion. That's why this is the best time for us to collaborate. Please consider it carefully.”
Paolo was an important client of Farwell Group from Epea. At the same time, he was someone who had caused Lucian a lot of trouble recently.
Smiling, he answered in broken Chanaean, “Yes, the conditions you offered are great. | have no problem with it, but let's see what arrangements you've made for tonight.”
Shawn immediately came to a realization. Paolo was known for being a lustful person. “Okay. It's already arranged and is on the way to the hotel. | hope you enjoy yourself tonight, Mr. Paolo.”
With that, Shawn stood up and instructed the driver to send Paolo back to the hotel. 
###Chapter 1802
Chapter 1802
Chapter 1802 A More Intimate Position
At around half past nine that night, Elias had finished drinking his coffee and was about to head to the Farwell residence's study to practice some calligraphy when a car suddenly pulled up at the courtyard. Sonya rose to her feet. It was the person she had been waiting for.
Elias cast the first floor a glance, only to find the visitor to be Clinton Jennings, the person in charge of the testing facility. Upon entering the house, Clinton greeted politely, “Hello, Mrs. Farwell.” “Please have a seat, Mr. Jennings.” Sonya was extremely friendly. She even served him a cup of coffee.
Her gestures made him fearful, and he quickly offered, “If there's anything you need, Mrs. Farwell, please let me know. I'll do my best to fulfill your requests.”
As the person in charge of the testing facility, Clinton knew full well that purchasing their company was nothing to Farwell Group. Asmall testing facility was nothing in comparison to the powerful Farwell Group.
In fact, he only met Lucian once, which was the day when the agreement of purchase was signed.
Hence, Clinton was at a loss when he heard that Lucian's mother wanted to see him.
He initially thought of bringing a gift. However, he figured Sonya might not like the gift he bought in a hurry. Hence, he decided to show up empty-ended rather than become a laughingstock.
“Calm down. It's nothing serious,” Sonya reassured with a smile when she saw how rigid he was. Bobbing his head, Clinton took a sip of coffee and said, “What do you need, Mrs. Farwell?”
“Did you receive the materials for the test that night?” asked Sonya.
“Yes.”
Immediately, Sonya's gaze hardened and grew solemn. “Those are the hairs of Lucian's boys. It's for the paternity test. Do you understand what I'm talking about?”
Clinton instantly understood what she meant.
“Yes, Mrs. Farwell. I'll contact you once the results are out,” Clinton promised.
With that, he finished the cup of coffee and praised the fragrance.
Only after drinking a second cup of coffee did he leave with a bright smile.
Sonya, too, felt more at ease.
No matter what the results were going to be, she had enough time to prepare herself.
Of course, it would be best if Lucian and the boys were not related.
Lucian will be thankful to me for exposing Roxanne. | bet she'll have an interesting ending.
Even if the children were Lucian's, there was no need to panic. After all, the result was not final as long as she had Clinton.
Meanwhile, an uneasy feeling bubbled in Elias' heart as he watched Sonya from the study.
After a brief hesitation, he picked up his phone and sent a text. Lucian's temperature was no longer showing any oddities. He even devoured the oatmeal Roxanne prepared for him.
“I've been sleeping the whole day. And now, | don't feel sleepy anymore. I'm a little worried, though. Will | pass it on to you?” Lucian asked Roxanne.
“| don't think so. This virus is contagious, but | have stronger immunity after getting poisoned a while ago. There's a high possibility that | won't get infected.”
The moment she finished saying that, Lucian pulled her closer and hugged her tightly. “What if we're in a more intimate position? Like—” Before he could finish, Roxanne blushed and freed herself from him.
“Stop messing around. Your immunity's low now. Please behave.” Roxanne could not believe Lucian could be so greedy all the time.
However, Lucian was so thick-skinned that he was not the slightest bit embarrassed. He only grinned maliciously, “I can't help it. | misbehave when it's you I'm with.”
With that, he hugged her again. 
###Chapter 1803
Chapter 1803
Chapter 1803 The Results Are Out
Usually, paternity results took about three days to be out.
However, Clinton ordered his employees to work overtime so the results would be out early the next morning. The results read: In line with the laws of genetics. The probability of paternity is ninety-nine point nine percent. Clinton went into deep thought when he read the results.
What kind of results does Mrs. Farwell want? | have a feeling she wants a different result. If not, she wouldn't have met up with me in private. She would've been fine with the normal results.
Pondering momentarily, he quickly gave Sonya a call.
She had just woken up. Seeing it was a call from Clinton, she grew nervous.
“Good morning, Mrs. Farwell. This is Clinton. The paternity results are out.”
“Quick. Tell me the results. Are those boys Lucian's?” asked Sonya impatiently.
Clinton paused for a moment and reread the description of the test.
Finally, he concluded, “This result shows a positive relationship. The two boys are Mr. Farwell's kids.” Sonya froze for a moment, unwilling to believe what she heard.
Recovering from the shock, Sonya questioned anxiously, “How's that possible? Could you guys have made a mistake? Is there a chance that the result's wrong?”
“Mrs. Farwell, the instruments used are the latest. Even our staff's standards are the best in Chanaea. There's no way this is a mistake,” answered Clinton. His words shattered Sonya's last hope.
Hearing that, Sonya hung up hastily, ignoring Clinton, who was waiting on the phone for further instructions. What went wrong? Are the boys really descendants of the Farwell family?
Sonya was in shock. She kept recalling the insults and provocations she made toward the boys.
Suddenly, she began to tremble.
“W-What do | do?” she mumbled, feeling utterly conflicted.
Immediately after that, Roxanne came to Sonya's mind. She must hate me. No. | can't accept this. Even if they're my grandchildren, now's not the time to acknowledge them. Lucian will never forgive me.
After giving it some thought, Sonya called Clinton again.
“Listen here. Keep the original result and create another copy for me. Do you understand what I'm saying? I'll reward you with ten million. No one else must know about this,” Sonya ordered. She believed Clinton would not disobey her.
Sonya's offer shook Clinton's will. He nodded his head and promised, “Of course. I'll do as you say.”
During the afternoon, Lucian woke up from his nap in the living room and saw Roxanne exiting the kitchen with the dishes she had just prepared.
“| figured you'd wake up this house, so | took some time to cook for you. You've got to eat it even if you don't have an appetite,” said Roxanne with coercion.
Lucian nodded with a smile. “It's your cooking. How could | not have the appetite to eat it? I'll definitely finish it.”
Putting down the plates, Roxanne slid her hand up his forehead to make sure his temperature was fine.
She then examined his complexion. “Open your mouth. Let me see your tongue.”
Lucian did as told. He opened his mouth to let her examine his tongue.
“You recovered quite quickly. You aren't feeling exhausted anymore, are you?” Roxanne studied him with a concerned gaze. Lucian nodded again to confirm that he had completely recovered. With that, he began digging in.
When he was halfway through his meal, Sonya called.
“Lucian, | received a call from the testing facility. | was informed they'd come to the main residence to show me the report. Why don't you come over and see it for yourself, too? Oh. Roxanne's with you, right? Bring her along, too.”
Sonya pretended to sound calm for fear that Lucian might notice something unusual. 
###Chapter 1804
Chapter 1804
Chapter 1804 Interesting Expression
Once Lucian finished his food, he brought Roxanne to the Farwell main residence.
Roxanne visited the house six years ago. Back then, she visited Ethan as the latter's granddaughter-in-law.
Upon entering the courtyard, they spotted Elias watering the lush greenery.
Seeing Lucian had brought Roxanne home this time, Elias greeted her with a broad smile.
“Hello, Mr. Farwell,” greeted Roxanne with a friendly tone. After all, the way Elias treated the boys made her feel at ease.
“Dad, I'm here to wait for the paternity test results.” Lucian reached out to help Elias water the plans, but the latter waved his hand dismissively.
Elias curled his lips into a meaningful smile as he glanced at Lucian. “Your mom has been waiting for the results for a long time. It looks like the results are in line with her wishes.”
Clearly, he was implying something. Even Roxanne noticed it. Of course, Lucian understood Elias' warning, and he gave the latter an affirmative gaze. “I'll take care of it.”
With that, they entered the living room. Sitting upright, Sonya greeted Lucian with a smile but did not bother to spare Roxanne a glance.
“Take a seat. The person in charge of the testing facility will be here soon,” informed Sonya while stealing glances at Roxanne to check the latter's reaction.
Roxanne was calm. Clearly, she had no expectations for the results. After all, only the mother would know whose child she gave birth to. It was only natural for her to have such absolute confidence.
Nonetheless, Sonya was eager to find out what kind of interesting expression Roxanne would have when she found out the boys were not Lucian's children.
Sonya made Lucian his favorite coffee and served him a cup. However, she did not give one to Roxanne.
Sonya simply said, “Ms. Jarvis, you're sitting quite far away. Please serve yourself a cup.”
Roxanne nodded, answering, “It's okay. | don't have the habit of drinking coffee.”
Immediately, Lucian shot Sonya a look before pouring a cup for Roxanne.
Sonya could not help but pull a face.
The silence filled the air with a tense atmosphere.
Thankfully, Clinton arrived not long after. With the report in his hand, he entered the house in a respectful manner. “Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Farwell. Is this... the legendary Dr. Jarvis?”
All of a sudden, Clinton became excited. His original ambition was to become a doctor who saved lives. Sadly, his dream did not come true. Instead, he got into the bioassay industry.
Although Clinton had read much news about Lucian and Roxanne on the internet, he still longed to see her in person.
Sensing something was off with Clinton, Sonya prompted coldly, “Are the results out? Let Lucian have a look first.”
Clinton instantly snapped back to reality and handed Lucian the report with both hands.
The report had many pages. The pages in front contained the data analysis of all kinds of genes. Regardless, Lucian ignored all of them and skipped to the last page which read: Unmatched genes. Mutation factors excluded.
The results clearly showed Lucian and the boys were not related.
Lucian was momentarily stunned. Suddenly, his gaze darkened as he turned to look at Clinton. “Are you sure you didn't grab the wrong report? Are you sure the samples used were right?”
Clinton was so frightened that he felt his heart lurch, and his expression changed when he sensed the domineering aura Lucian was exuding.
He quickly drooped his head and stole a glance at Sonya.
Unfortunately for Clinton, Lucian noticed every detail he made.
At the same time, Sonya had her eyes fixed on Roxanne. She could not wait to see what kind of reaction the latter would have. However, the shock, disbelief, and anger Sonya was expecting were not reflected on Roxanne's face.
It seemed as though Roxanne was not surprised by the results. In fact, she simply gazed at Lucian calmly. 
###Chapter 1805
Chapter 1805
Chapter 1805 Not This Report
“Mr. Farwell, | kept an eye on the entire testing process. We didn't use the wrong samples. Besides, | came here as soon as the results were out.”
Clinton almost broke down under Lucian’'s aura.
However, the temptation brought by the ten million allowed him to steel himself and respond without telling the truth.
“They're not related, aren't they?” asked Sonya indifferently.
Her gaze was still fixed on Roxanne.
Roxanne might not be responding, but that doesn't mean | have nothing to say. I've got to seize the moment to kick up a fuss. Clinton turned to Sonya and nodded firmly.
“Lucian, the results are out. It's not that | don't want to acknowledge the kids. In fact, I'd love to be their grandma if possible. Don't you agree?” she asked.
Sonya noticed her son was angry. Hence, she thought it was the perfect opportunity for her to add fuel to the fire. She wanted to make Lucian lash out on Roxanne. However, Lucian glanced at Sonya with a frown. “Mom, do you think this is the real result?”
“How can it be fake? If a paternity test result can't be trusted, then anyone can claim to have given birth to the Farwell family's grandchildren.” Sonya raised her voice as she said that, her words clearly hinting at something.
Immediately, Lucian lost his respect for his mother.
“Roxanne, you really know how to lie, huh? Which b*stard do these boys belong to? How dare you make them impersonate the Farwell family's descendants? | know how much Lucian loves you, but don't you feel bad for lying to him?” Sonya continued. That was the result Sonya had been expecting in the first place. She wanted to use the opportunity to humiliate Roxanne and make Lucian hate the latter.
Roxanne was stunned. She was utterly disappointed in her mother-in-law. At that, she glanced at Lucian. As expected, his eyes were filled with disappointment that was hard to describe.
“Mrs. Farwell, are you that desperate to kick me out of the Farwell family? Will you still do that if Archie and Benny are actually your grandsons?”
Roxanne's reaction was far from what Sonya expected.
Instead of panicking, Roxanne seemed to have a firm resolve.
“What are you saying? What do you mean, kicking you out? You lied to the entire Farwell family. Moreover, the results are out. The two boys are not my grandsons. That makes your hypothesis invalid.”
Suddenly, Sonya felt a rush of anxiety. That was because Lucian's and Roxanne's reactions were strange.
Nonetheless, there was no way out of that situation. Sonya could only continue questioning Roxanne, “Tell me. Did you drug Lucian? Is that why he listens to you?”
Roxanne was dumbfounded. Never did she expect Sonya to have such a great imagination. Suddenly, Lucian rose to his feet and yelled, “Enough!” His voice terrified both Sonya and Clinton. In fact, the latter's legs began trembling.
“Clinton, one more lie from you, and I'll send you to jail. This is an occupational crime!” Lucian turned sideways and glared daggers at Clinton without a change in his expression.
Clinton was paralyzed with fear. Even his tongue got twisted. “Mr. Farwell... l-| was wrong! T-This is not the real report.”
When Sonya heard Clinton admitting the truth, her expression froze, her eyes widened, and her lips twitched in frustration. 
###Chapter 1806
Chapter 1806
Chapter 1806 Exile
A deathly silence fell on the room. Lucian's gaze steadily avoided Sonya, not wanting to see her reaction.
| have given her a second chance. Didn't she know how long it would take to get the results of a paternity test? Didn't she know | would figure out what Clinton was up to?
Even Roxanne understood him and didn't dig her heels in, leaving the paternity test entirely to Sonya.
On top of that, Elias sent a text: Your mother is being obstinate! But | still hope you will give her a chance so she may make it up to you.
The text was sent yesterday, and he didn't mention the paternity test, but Lucian knew Sonya would never accept the results. In addition, Elias had interceded for Sonya.
Clinton was shaking like a leaf and reached into his pocket, pulling out a report that had been folded up and handing it to Lucian with his head hung low.
“Mr. Farwell, it's all my fault for being too obsessed with benefits. Have mercy, Mr. Farwell. | don't want to go to prison!” Clinton pleaded. He had already learned his lesson.
Regret consumed him, and he realized he shouldn't have meddled in the affairs of the wealthy.
He wanted to crawl into a hole and die at this moment, but he didn't expose Sonya for fear of offending more people the more he revealed.
Lucian picked up the paternity test report and tossed it at Sonya without opening it, his gaze finally settling on her. Sonya was flabbergasted. She wasn't expecting Clinton to have his guard up to this extent. Being a villain seemed to necessitate a certain level of competence.
She knew at that moment that she could never go back after Lucian exposed her and was afraid this would lead to a falling out with him.
She was overwhelmed and couldn't meet his eyes.
“Mom, | don't get why you still refuse to accept Roxanne, Archie, and Benny. Fine, I'll grant your wish. You can travel around Epea with Dad starting today. Better yet, take in the scenic views, and don't return for three to five years!”
Lucian shot Roxanne an apologetic look, which she returned with a smile, not wanting to blame him. The color drained from Sonya's face at the verdict, and she looked like she had been struck by lightning. “Son, | really have no idea what's going on with Clinton and why he would switch out the original report with a falsified one. It's
not that | don't want to acknowledge Archie and Benny. I'd be overjoyed if they were my biological grandchildren.” She tried to justify in a pleading tone, but Lucian's face was a mask of stone, and irritation flared in his eyes.
Sonya's gaze shot to Roxanne in desperation, only to be met with a glacial expression on Roxanne's face.
She couldn't muster sympathy for a grandmother who refused to accept her grandkids and would always attack them. Such traveling plans spanning three to five years were almost similar to exile.
Any resemblance of domestic bliss would be irrelevant to her.
Lucian's decision must have taken Elias’ pleading for leniency on Sonya's behalf into account, or else he wouldn't have established a time limit.
Besides, he had many properties in Epea, and it wouldn't be such a bad idea to leave them in the hands of Sonya. 
###Chapter 1807
Chapter 1807
Chapter 1807 Gravity Of Your Mistake
Roxanne didn't say a word at all.
Lucian glanced at Clinton. “Pack your things and piss off!”
There was an icy glint in his eyes.
Clinton didn't dare argue. Narrowly avoiding prison had been mercy enough, so he promptly fled with his tail between his legs. Sonya skimmed the original report before raising her gaze to Roxanne.
“Roxanne—" Her tone changed.
“It's all my fault, and | apologize to your sons for being petty. Roxanne, tell Lucian I'll promise to change and be better. I'm SOITY...”
With Sonya's character, she would never meet anyone halfway unless it was a last resort, but the thought of being banished to Epea for three to five years struck fear in her.
Roxanne wore an implacable expression, her eyes cold. “I'm sorry, Mrs. Farwell. It's not up to me.” She decided she had had enough and walked out of the foyer with long strides. Elias stayed in the garden to water the plants, worry drawing his brows together.
“Please forgive me, Lucian. | was at fault, but | was only trying to do what was best for the Farwell family. My head wasn't in the right place. | will make it up to the kids. | don't want to go to a foreign country in Epea. How can you do that to me...”
Sonya was still trying to redeem herself and apologize, but Lucian was determined to leave. He led Roxanne away, leaving a lone figure in the foyer, and wailing tore through the air a moment later.
“| did it for the Farwell family! Do you not respect me, Roxanne? You're not remarried yet, so I'm still your mother-in-law. What do you want from me, Roxanne?” The heart-wrenching cries were thick with resentment.
No matter what, Sonya was Elias’ wife for many years, and his face contorted with sadness when he heard her weeping.
He had reminded her many times, but she was stubborn and deserved such fate, yet alas, he walked into the foyer.
Sonya sobbed while whining about how Roxanne didn't step in for her. Lucian would definitely reverse his decision if she said something.
Elias saw how unrepentant his wife was and snarled, “You are solely to be blamed here. You have been blinded since the incident with Aubree and caused so much pain and misery for our children. Never once did you care about how Lucian felt. You want to be in control and make your own decisions. What was so wrong with Roxanne that you couldn't accept her? She has never hurt you or Lucian. I'd say you should repent!”
Her tear-stained face jerked up, incredulity widening her eyes. “You're telling me off and pointing out my mistakes. | know | made a mistake, but it's not unsalvageable.” She hiccupped. Asharp stab of disappointment pierced Elias.
“It seems like you didn't grasp the gravity of your mistake. You're hurting the kids and denying their existence! Roxanne didn't say a word today, but can you imagine what she's going through? You have never liked her since the beginning. Serves you right!” He spat and turned to leave. 
###Chapter 1808
Chapter 1808
Chapter 1808 Buys Clothes For Archie And Benny
When Lucian took Roxanne and headed directly to the kindergarten to pick the kids up, the kids were delighted to see that their father had recovered from the cold.
“Daddy, | have some pocket money. Let me treat you to dinner, okay? You just got sick, so you should eat something delicious.” Estella blinked, almost as if she had made up her mind.
“Where did you get your pocket money from? Didn't Grandpa help you save up all your monetary gifts from the holidays?” Lucian asked curiously.
Roxanne, too, found it amusing. She felt that she had missed many moments of Estella growing up. Lifting the little girl into her arms, she asked, “Essie, did you save up a lot of monetary gifts?”
Estella bobbed her head smugly. “Yes, a lot of monetary gifts. There are many zeros. Grandpa kept them for me. But the pocket money | have now is the money that other kids gave me after | helped them make some cards.”
“Is there such a thing?” Lucian averted his gaze toward Archie and Benny for verification. The two boys nodded.
Archie replied, “The cards Essie made are really nice. That's why many other kids bought their own materials and asked her to help them make too. The remuneration for each card is twenty dollars. | was the one who decided on the amount. Essie made quite many cards and earned a few hundred from it.”
These kids are beginning to earn money at such a young age! Lucian and Roxanne exchanged looks, their eyes filled with love and affection.
“Mommy, Daddy, Essie is still making the card she intends to give to the two of you. She hasn't finished yet, but I'm sure it'll be beautiful. You two have to look forward to it.” Benny sure was a big blabbermouth who could not keep secrets to himself.
At that, Estella puffed her cheeks and protested, “Benny, didn't you promise me that you won't ruin the surprise?” Benny stuck out his tongue cheekily and made a face.
Lucian's and Roxanne's curiosity grew at once. They were anticipating what the card would look like exactly.
“All right. Essie shall treat us today! Essie sure is the best!”
Following Lucian's words, the family headed to an authentic farm-to-table restaurant. That place served food that was affordable and also tasted delicious. The money Estella earned was enough for them to eat a sumptuous meal.
It was already nine at night when the family finished dinner and returned to the mansion. As they entered the courtyard contentedly, they saw Sonya's car, which was long parked inside.
Before long, Sonya stepped out of the car with multiple bags in her hands. “Lucian, Roxanne, you guys are finally back,” she uttered.
Lucian knitted his brows. It was evident he was not very welcoming of his mother.
Roxanne, on the contrary, seemed to have noticed that Sonya's eyes were rather puffy. Did she cry?
Despite so, she could not bring herself to empathize with Sonya. After glancing at the latter, she grabbed Estella's hand and prepared to head into the living room.
At the sight of Sonya, Estella called out, “Grandma, what are you holding in your hand?”
Contrastingly, Archie's and Benny's gazes were full of fear. Instinctively, they hid behind Lucian.
Lucian's expression grew frostier when he witnessed the boys' reactions. The man carried the boys up, and unbothered about what Sonya wanted to do, he strode past her and headed straight into the living room.
Bewilderment struck Sonya. Her lips twitched slightly, but she could not bring words out of her mouth.
A myriad of emotions flooded her heart, which was made apparent by the conflicted expression on her face. She froze a long while before she forced a smile and turned to follow into the living room.
The smile on her face was awfully bitter and gloomy.
“Lucian, Roxanne, these are some gifts | got for Archie and Benny. Winter is coming soon. Since the boys are growing up so quickly, it's time they have some new clothes. Of course, there are also some figurines. | don't know much about these things, so I'm unsure if they'll like them?”
Sonya's tone was soft and gentle. It was drastically different from her usual image. There was even a tinge of misery in her voice. 
###Chapter 1809
Chapter 1809
Chapter 1809 Make Up For What | Did
Seemingly not hearing those words, Lucian drank his tea and fixed his attention on his phone to deal with his work matters.
On the other hand, upon learning that those gifts were for them, Archie and Benny looked at each other, then shifted their gazes toward Roxanne in unison.
They could not wrap their heads around the current situation. Grandma was very cold toward us previously. She even says that we aren't Daddy's children. But now she's gifting us clothes and toys?
Estella's curiosity was piqued as well. She strode over and asked, “Grandma, you only bought gifts for Archie and Benny? You didn't get anything for me?”
Immense awkwardness filled Sonya as she only managed to garner a response from Estella. She smiled at the little girl and hastily explained, “I'll get something for you another day; is that all right? | went to a boys' clothing store today.”
Nodding, Estella popped another question. “Grandma, so are you willing to acknowledge Archie and Benny now? Did you realize that they are looking more and more like Daddy?”
In reality, a child's words were the most innocent but, at the same time, the most truthful.
Sonya had always been reluctant to accept the truth. Now that Estella had reminded her, she could not help but look closely at Archie and Benny.
Indeed, they're becoming more like Lucian, especially their eyes. They're almost like a replica of the younger Lucian.
Sonya curled her lips into a smile and beckoned to the two boys. “Archie, Benny, come over and try on these clothes. See if they fit well.”
Hearing that, the two boys shook their heads in unison. “There's no need. Mommy will buy them for us. Thank you!” There was no greeting in that straightforward rejection. Tears began to cloud Sonya's eyes.
Nonetheless, she maintained her smile. “Yeah, your mommy takes good care of you two. I'm the one who isn't qualified to be your grandmother. I'm at fault.”
Roxanne could not help but feel her heart soften when she heard what Sonya said.
She turned to the two boys and nodded in approval. “Go on. Go and try the new clothes Grandma bought for you two. Remember to thank Grandma!”
The two boys were initially a little stumped but eventually agreed to it cheerily. Slightly taken aback by the situation as well, Lucian threw a glance at Roxanne.
Roxanne, however, upon giving the boys the green light, carried Estella in her arms and headed upstairs to help the little girl wash up.
Sonya froze in shock for a good few seconds. A complicated look flashed across her eyes as she stared at Roxanne's retreating back.
In truth, Roxanne's stand was simple—it was undeniable the kids were the Farwell family's grandchildren, and they would forever share a familial bond with Sonya. No matter what, she did not see a need to deliberately suppress that connection.
Hence, as long as Sonya was willing to get close to the kids, it did not matter to Roxanne, even if the former were to deny her as her daughter-in-law.
Snapping back to her senses, Sonya quickly took the clothes out of the bags and helped Archie and Benny put them on. As she did that, she kept asking the boys if they liked the clothing she bought for them.
“Yes! We like it! Thank you, Grandma!”
“Of course we do! Grandma, these clothes probably cost a lot, don't they? Thank you, Grandma!”
When Sonya heard how the boys addressed her, her body trembled slightly. Recalling everything she had done, she felt a sense of regret intensify within her.
Faced with the boys' gazes pure and innocent-looking gazes, Sonya was overwhelmed by guilt and pain. At once, her eyes turned red with tears.
Yet, Lucian did not comment anything. Instead, he merely turned to Archie and Benny and uttered, “I'm heading to the study. Remember to shower and head to bed on time later!”
The two boys bobbed their heads in agreement before diverting their attention back to the toys Sonya bought for them.
“Oh my gosh. Benny, quickly take a look! It's Evangelion-01's toy figurine! Where did you get this, Grandma? | tried looking for it for a long time but couldn't find it!”
“Archie, there's this too! Grandma also got us Gundam! It's a collectible! It's very tough to lay one's hand on! Thank you so much, Grandma!”
There were many boxes of toy figurines. Every time the two boys picked up a box, they would exclaimed in excitement. Listening to the boys' ecstatic cheers, Sonya felt a sense of relief wash over her.
| made too many mistakes, and because of that, I'll need time to make up for what | did. 
###Chapter 1810
Chapter 1810
Chapter 1810 Do You Have The Patience
“Lucian, Roxanne, I'll be heading back first. I'll come back to accompany the kids another day.”
As Lucian was in the study and Roxanne was in the bathroom, Sonya went to the second floor and called out to them. There was, however, no reply even after a few seconds.
Abitter smile spread across Sonya's face. Yeah, | deserved it.
Surprisingly, Roxanne, who had just finished helping Estella wash her hair, rushed to the courtyard while drying her hands.
“Mrs. Farwell, it's late; drive slower. You can take Archie and Benny out to play when you come over next time.” Roxanne's eyes reflected her sincerity, and it was clear those were not words she said out of formalities.
Sonya was momentarily stunned before she nodded and replied with a smile, “Sure. I'll come over again.” After sending Sonya off, Roxanne returned to the second floor and took out the bath towels and pajamas for Archie and Benny.
Just then, Lucian walked out from the study and reached out to wipe the sweat away from Roxanne's forehead. “Darling, you've worked hard!”
“l only help Essie get cleaned up. That's nothing much. Essie won't let me help her when she grows a little older. | don't have many chances left!”
“No. I'm talking about Mom. Thank you for being able to treat her so politely.” Lucian's deep gaze resembled the mesmerizing night sky, drawing Roxanne's attention toward him.
“Frankly speaking, | still can't forgive her. It's just that | ought to set a good example for the kids since she treats them well. But there might still be opportunities. Perhaps she'll be an amazing grandmother in the future!”
Roxanne had finally said her innermost thoughts aloud. Lucian wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her into his embrace to hug her tightly.
“Daddy, Mommy, you two are secretly hugging again. | want one too! | want a hug too!” Estella's baby voice suddenly rang out, and she squeezed to fit herself between the two adults.
Meanwhile, Sonya had just arrived back at the Farwell residence.
Coincidentally, Elias had also just returned after playing chess with his friends. Upon learning from the butler that Sonya went to visit the kids, he felt somewhat relieved.
To him, he believed that Sonya was not a mean person by nature. Instead, she was merely bad-tempered, narrow-minded, and stubborn.
He deemed that he had to be blamed for his wife's shortcomings. It was because he never openly confronted Sonya’s flaws that gave rise to her not mending her ways and eventually spiraling out of control.
“Did you see the kids? Have you apologized to them?” Lifting his gaze, Elias noticed that Sonya seemed to have calmed down. Sonya nodded in response. “I saw them. Archie and Benny love the toys | bought for them, and that's all thanks to Cayden.” Sonya briefly shared with Elias about the situation earlier.
Then, she fell silent and remained seated, waiting for Elias to add fuel to the fire or mock her.
Surprisingly, instead of doing that, Elias looked at her with a gentle gaze and a faint smile. “I'll go and look for Lucian tomorrow
and ask him not to chase you to Epea. But at the same time, you have to correct your mistakes from now on. You have done too many hurtful things to Roxanne. I'm afraid it won't be easy for her to forgive you. Do you have the patience?”
Sonya remained in a daze and did not respond for a long while.
Moments later, she abruptly broke the silence. “I realized | have a bad temper all these years, but you've always been tolerant. Thank you so much, Elias.” Her gaze was filled with warmth and tenderness as she spoke.
Without saying a word, Elias reached out his hand and grabbed hers tightly. Right then, a car arrived at the courtyard outside. Shortly after the engine was turned off, they heard Elektra's voice.
“Mr. Farwell, Mrs. Farwell, I'm here. My parents just returned from their hometown. They brought back some specialties and said they wanted to give them to you two.” Elektra opened the car trunk, picked up many bags, and headed into the house.
A doubtful look crossed Elias’ face as he stood up and walked over to welcome her in. It looks like something's up, huh? Otherwise, she wouldn't have to make up an excuse to come over here this late at night.
Worried that Elektra would notice her puffy eyes, Sonya hastily responded with a smile, “It's not safe to drive at this hour. You could've come over tomorrow. What a coincidence. | was planning to use a facial mask.”
With that said, she turned around and went into her room. When she came out again, the facial mask was already on her face to conceal everything. 
###Chapter 1811
Chapter 1811
Chapter 1811 Did Not Know How To Cherish
Elektra was a touch puzzled. Mrs. Farwell has always been very particular about manners and etiquette. Isn't it impolite to put on a facial mask while receiving guests?
On second thought, she supposed that Sonya not acting prim and proper in front of her was the latter's way of getting close to her.
Recalling that Elias was still beside her, Elektra immediately laughed and stated, “Mr. Farwell, there are some tasty fruits in the stuff | brought here. Let me go wash them for you!”
Elias immediately waved a dismissive hand. He told Elektra there was no need and that he would do it instead.
As he turned around, he came to a sudden realization. So, this young lady is purposely using this excuse to make me leave. What does she want to tell Sonya? Hopefully, Sonya won't make the wrong judgment and make the same mistake as Aubree's case.
After watching Elias walk into the kitchen, Elektra turned to look at Sonya while wearing a smile on her face. Elektra's motive was simple for this visit—to get Sonya to help create an opportunity for Lucian to spend time with her. Because of that, she had found a perfect excuse.
“Mrs. Farwell, | learned of a piece of news today. Mr. Valentine, the principal of the middle school Lucian and | went to, has fallen severely ill. It's probably cancer or something. He's a nice man, but a pity he's poor and doesn't have much savings, so he's delaying his treatment right now. Could you help me explain the situation to Lucian? | was thinking of asking him to go and visit Mr. Valentine with me and donate some money to him for his treatment,” Elektra explained slowly.
She believed Sonya would be smart enough to read between the lines and understand what she was trying to say.
In other words, she wanted to spend time and do something together with Lucian. That way, it would pull them closer and build a stronger relationship.
For that reason, she was not too worried that Sonya would refuse.
“Is that so? You should help him out, of course. Then again, Elektra, I'm occupied with health examinations lately. Lucian is probably busy with work matters too. Regarding this matter, you can look for him and ask him directly. | believe he'll be able to make time for it.”
Sonya's answer left Elektra wholly floored.
It was a tactful refusal. Not only did Sonya not express her agreement with Elektra's idea, but the former also had no intention of helping her to convey those words.
A frown marred Elektra's countenance, but she concealed it almost instantaneously. “Oh... That's true... Mrs. Farwell, what's wrong with your health?” She smoothly changed the subject to Sonya's health.
Deep down, she was still mulling over Sonya’s response. Her attitude seems to have changed... She's no longer as eager as she was the other time...
“It's no big deal; just routine examination. There's no need to worry about me.”
Although Sonya answered with a smile, the facial mask had covered her face, and as a result, Elektra could not see her expression.
The two continued with a short casual chat before Elektra left the Farwell residence, her mind flooded by the thought that she would have to ask Lucian out by herself.
After her departure, Elias returned with a plate of fruits in his hand. “You finally learned your lesson,” he said with a nod.
Sonya did not respond. On the inside, she was thinking about those words Elias had said to her before.
If | hadn't irrationally supported Aubree back then, would she not have made so many mistakes one after another? Would she come to her senses in time? Perhaps the Pearson family wouldn't be reduced to its current state if that were so.
An abrupt thought that she had committed too many sins rose with Sonya. She stared at Elias and questioned, “Elias, do | really have a lot of mental disabilities? I'm thinking of changing my belief. What do you think?”
“It sounds great that you're turning over a new leaf. It's pretty good to be religious. As long as you're sincere, it's never too late!” Elias picked up a slice of fruit and put it into Sonya’s mouth.
Even though the facial mask was still on her face, Sonya could no longer suppress her emotions, and tears streamed down her face uncontrollably.
From her perspective, Elias had treated her too nicely and was overboard at showering her with adoration. That eventually caused her character to become increasingly extreme.
Sadly, she did not know how to cherish the love and adoration Elias gave her. 
###Chapter 1812
Chapter 1812
Chapter 1812 Your Daughter Is Unworthy
On the second day, after much thought, Elektra finally called Lucian and informed him of the situation. However, she did not mention that she wanted to go alone with him.
Lucian immediately agreed to her request. “Okay, we can find a time to visit the principal together. Let me check with Roxanne to see if she's available; she can do a check-up for the principal. As you know, her medical skills are great.”
Elektra could only stammer her thanks at his response.
“That would be great! Ms. Jarvis is so skilled in medicine; maybe she can treat the principal. Let me know once the date is confirmed. I'm available anytime.”
“All right.”
Once Lucian hung up the phone, Elektra's face immediately wilted. She could not bear to see Lucian and Roxanne show off their affection in front of her.
Awave of annoyance flowed through her as she muttered to herself, “I'm always one step behind. Why don't you give up, Elektra Lane? Even Mrs. Farwell's attitude has changed. You won't have a chance of winning. Isn't it better to just wish them well?”
Why am | always so full of myself? If | had been bolder back in school, would | be with Lucian now? After pondering for a long time, Elektra finally calmed down and went downstairs. Her parents, Richard Lane and Mathilda Suvex, asked her how she was feeling after noticing her listless appearance.
Elektra told them that she had successfully delivered the specialty products to the Farwell family yesterday. She then picked up her phone and played with it without saying another word.
Mathilda smiled and asked, “Today, your uncle introduced us to a young man who returned from abroad. Do you have time to meet him?” Her voice was gentle as she was afraid of her daughter's strong reaction.
Elektra's face froze instantly, her eyes filled with anger. “Mom, can't you take a break? Three dates a week is too frequent. To be honest, those boys are all outstanding, but | don't like them. I'm not worthy of them, okay?”
Feeling flustered, Mathilda turned and looked at her husband.
Richard frowned and said sternly, “How can you talk to your mother like that? We've already told you not to think about Lucian anymore. He came to explain the marriage certificate incident to us. You agreed to help him willingly. It's impossible for you two to be together. Ms. Jarvis has already given birth to three children for him. What else do you need to give up on him?”
His words were adding fuel to the fire; Elektra felt a jolt of anger thrumming through her veins. She got up, gave her father a cold glance, and walked out of the hall without looking back. “This brat!” Mathilda quickly tried to placate her infuriated husband.
Elektra felt like she could barely breathe; no one in the world understood her.
The guys she met on blind dates were no match for Lucian.
When she was rational, she knew it was impossible to be with Lucian. However, she could not restrain her impulse!
Elektra drove her sports car and called her friends to meet at a bar. Meanwhile, Roxanne walked out of the laboratory and into her office, her face filled with joy. Soon, Peregrine arrived as well. He was similarly beaming with excitement.
“We did it, Ms. Jarvis! You are amazing. After finding this substance, the effectiveness of our medicine has increased several times. Now we can use a special declaration channel to get the new drug on the market as soon as possible,” he said elatedly.
Roxanne nodded. “Thank you for leading so many researchers to work day and night. You are the pillar of our research institute!”
Feeling embarrassed, the old man replied, “I don't deserve the credit. It's all thanks to your abilities, Ms. Jarvis. Haha, but no matter what, we are doing good for all the patients. Great work!”
“Yes, there are other projects worth completing. Let's work hard together!” she replied enthusiastically. The research institute had indeed soared to greater heights ever since Peregrine joined.
Roxanne believed that in the future, she would be able to create more drugs and live up to her mentor's expectations. 
###Chapter 1813
Chapter 1813
Chapter 1813 Gifting A Mansion
Roxanne was feeling particularly relaxed that day. She had already made plans with her best friend to celebrate that night. Subsequently, she called Lucian to ask him to bring Jonathan along for the celebration.
She then went to the kindergarten to pick up her three children and took them to a restaurant, where they began their celebratory dinner in high spirits.
Madilyn, dressed in her best attire, looked particularly gorgeous that night with her exquisite makeup.
“Aunt Madilyn, you look stunning!” Archie and Benny flattered and heap praise.
Estella added, “Aunt Madilyn, you are even more beautiful than Mommy!”
Madilyn was surprised at Estella's kind words. When she turned to look at Lucian and Roxanne, both did not seem to mind.
“So, these three children who were separated in such a strange way have finally reunited? To be honest, although | have known this fact for a long time, | still haven't quite digested it,” said Madilyn, feeling emotional seeing Roxanne and Lucian together.
“What do you mean when you say I'm more beautiful than your mommy? Your mom is still the most beautiful, isn't she? You are quite the talker, little girl!” Madilyn picked up Estella and fed her a small piece of steak.
The little girl was too preoccupied with eating to talk.
Everyone laughed at her cute look as she tried to talk and eat at the same time.
Just then, Roxanne noticed her best friend glanced at Jonathan from time to time.
She suddenly had a thought.
Why didn't | realize that my best friend was dressed up so beautifully today for a reason? When did this start?
Lucian was a really gentle dad. He didn’t eat much throughout the meal and only drank a lot of champagne. Most of the time, he was busy feeding the children.
“Congratulations to Ms. Jarvis for her consecutive successful new drug developments. Each drug is more popular than the other, and the market value of your research institute is getting higher and higher,” Jonathan said, lifting his glass to give Roxanne a toast.
She immediately lifted her glass but found a cold pair of eyes staring at her. Hence, she smiled awkwardly and quickly changed it to a glass of grape juice, which had a color similar to that of red wine.
After drinking, Lucian finally relaxed and praised her. “Because of the cooperation between Farwell Group and your research institute, our company’s stock has also risen a lot. It's all thanks to you!”
The man also lifted his glass for a toast. Roxanne did not refuse and followed suit.
“Come to think of it, | can understand Jack's behaviors back then. The potential that Ms. Jarvis possesses is simply immeasurable!” Jonathan followed Lucian's lead and continued to flatter her.
“That's right, my best friend is amazing.” Madilyn, who rarely sang praises, echoed Jonathan's words. When Jonathan smiled at her, she immediately appeared flustered and looked away.
Lucian noticed Madilyn's odd behavior and gave Roxanne a questioning look.
In response, the woman raised her eyebrows and smiled. Lucian immediately understood and smiled tacitly. It seems that this pair should be easy to match.
After three rounds of drinking and a five-course meal, Roxanne suddenly announced a resolution.
Lucian was baffled by her odd request as they were not in the company or the research institute.
“To express my gratitude to my good friend Madilyn for her unconditional care for the children and me all these years, | have decided to gift her a mansion! How about that?” Roxanne declared.
As soon as she finished speaking, Lucian and Jonathan smiled and applauded. The children also cheered and jumped excitedly. “Aunt Madilyn, say yes! Mommy wants to give you a mansion!” they urged.
Madilyn was stunned for a long time, looking at Roxanne incredulously. 
###Chapter 1814
Chapter 1814
Chapter 1814 Send Her Back
“Okay, | shall accept it. What can | say? | have a wealthy best friend.” After Madilyn regained her senses, she did not hesitate to accept the offer.
Roxanne was satisfied with the outcome. This was what best friends should be like; they understood each other's thoughts. Being coy and hesitant only made both parties feel distant.
Of course, Roxanne had another plan.
She smirked and teased, “Hold on, you need to fulfill my condition to earn the mansion!”
Madilyn rolled her eyes. “I knew it! There must be conditions tied to the gift. What do you want me to do?” Both men were curious about the terms that might be offered in return for a villa.
“It's not that difficult. You shall be the next hospital director. How about that? You can handle the position, right?” Roxanne looked at her best friend and asked with a grin.
Once again, Madilyn was left speechless. Is this a promotion? An escalated promotion?
The woman had been working in the hospital under Roxanne's research institute, with a high salary and good benefits. Although the workload wasn't light, she had always been happy with her job.
But she never thought that one day Roxanne would entrust her with such an important responsibility. The director position had been vacant for a long time.
At this moment, she felt a little overwhelmed. This meant not only a promotion but also an increase in responsibilities. “Are you afraid to take on the role?” Seeing her hesitation, Roxanne deliberately provoked Madilyn.
When the three children heard that Madilyn was offered the role, they immediately encouraged her to accept it. “Aunt Madilyn, please agree!”
Estella asked innocently, “Is a director more powerful than the head of a kindergarten?” Lucian and Jonathan exchanged glances. They never thought that Roxanne would entrust such an important position to Madilyn. After all, this hospital was the flagship hospital of the research institute and had many social responsibilities.
Madilyn considered the offer for a long time. When she looked up and saw Roxanne's expectant eyes, she gritted her teeth and showed fierce determination.
“Okay, I'll do it! | won't say anything irresponsible. Since | have agreed, | will manage the hospital to the best of my ability and not let you down!” Madilyn said resolutely.
“Okay, then it's settled. | also plan to get you a car. As for what kind of assistant you want, you can choose for yourself.” Roxanne would not be stingy and gave her friend the treatment she deserved.
This meal, which was supposed to be a celebration banquet, turned into a recognition ceremony for Madilyn.
Of course, she ultimately elevated this hospital to the pinnacle of the region's private hospitals.
After a while, the children started to feel tired, and the celebration banquet ended.
Madilyn was exhilarated and downed herself in alcohol. Her face was flushed, and she walked unsteadily with Roxanne supporting her.
Lucian immediately looked at Jonathan and instructed, “Escort Ms. Xander home. You shouldn't drive, though. Let the driver send you guys back!”
Roxanne brought Madilyn to Jonathan once he acknowledged the request.
“Hold on to her. | still have to carry Essie. Look at her; she's fighting to keep her eyes open!” After passing Madilyn over to Jonathan, Roxanne immediately picked up Estella.
When the little girl smelled her mom's scent, she put her head on her shoulder and fell asleep within a few seconds. Jonathan supported Madilyn carefully, holding her arms with both hands. “Ms. Xander, are you okay? I'll take you home!”
The woman still retained some level of consciousness. When she looked at Roxanne and noticed her winking, she knew something was up.
Madilyn seemed to understand her friend's intention; her heart began to pound wildly. Lucian held Archie and Benny with both hands and quickly retreated after giving Roxanne a signal. Their transport had already arrived, so they quickly loaded the kids into the car and drove away.
By the time Jonathan supported Madilyn to the front door, their friends were nowhere to be seen. 
###Chapter 1815
Chapter 1815
Chapter 1815 Vomit Bag
After the driver arrived, Jonathan carefully helped Madilyn into the car.
He immediately went to the trunk and took out a vomit bag, preparing for the worst. Although the woman felt dizzy, she was still conscious.
She could not help but admire the man's meticulousness.
Once Jonathan got into the car, he handed the bag to Madilyn and instructed the driver, “Drive slower and don't swerve too much.”
Next, he shifted his position to keep an appropriate distance from Madilyn.
He sat upright and looked out the window as if he had nothing to do with her.
Madilyn finally understood why such a handsome and eligible man was still single.
She began to lose her sobriety as she had consumed too much alcohol in her moment of joy.
A few seconds later, she closed her eyes and appeared to have fallen asleep.
Jonathan took a quick glance and noticed that her head was slipping and tilting, although her eyes remained closed. “Ms. Xander, are you asleep?” he asked.
By then, Madilyn was in a half-conscious state. She felt uncomfortable because her head had nowhere to rest. Hence, she really wished that the man would let her lean on his shoulder, but he remained indifferent.
As she drifted to sleep again, her body slid toward Jonathan; her head accidentally fell on his shoulder.
She was somewhat aware and felt that she was still in an uncomfortable position. Hence, her head involuntarily moved toward Jonathan.
Unexpectedly, the man used his other hand to support her head.
Madilyn suddenly woke up because the man’s hand was forcefully lifting her head away from his shoulder.
“Ms. Xander, wake up, don't fall asleep! It's easy to cause vomiting like this!” Jonathan's voice was low and gentle. Feeling utterly speechless, Madilyn shifted away from him and sat upright.
This man is difficult to deal with!
She sighed inwardly and gradually fell asleep again.
After the car pulled up at the accommodation, Jonathan immediately got out to help her out of the car.
However, this time, Madilyn had become quite sober and got out of the car by herself.
“Thank you, Mr. Queen, for the vomit bag!” With a flushed face, she handed the bag to the man with a hint of resentment.
She then quickly stomped into the residential area.
Jonathan rubbed his nose in confusion when he saw the look of annoyance on her face.
Was the air conditioning too cold just now?
As Jonathan watched Madilyn walking away, he called Lucian to inform him that he had successfully escorted the woman home. “Okay, good job. Is there any further development?” Lucian asked casually.
“What development? No, | just followed your instructions and sent Ms. Xander home,” Jonathan replied seriously.
Lucian was stunned for two seconds before nodding. “Okay, that's it then!”
As soon as he hung up the phone, Roxanne's phone rang. It was Madilyn calling.
“Roxanne, can you believe it? As soon as | got in the car, he gave me a vomit bag! Oh my goodness! Not a hangover pill, not water, but a vomit bag! Roxanne, am | doomed? Do | deserve this?” Madilyn ranted angrily.
Roxanne was amused. She never thought that Jonathan could be so clueless. In the past, she thought Jonathan was too busy developing and strengthening the Queen family to be bothered with love affairs.
It seemed that it was not the case! 
###Chapter 1816
Chapter 1816
Chapter 1816 Sudden Price Hike
During the night, Roxanne chatted plenty with Madilyn until the latter fell asleep.
After that, Roxanne felt a slight pain coming from her abdomen.
It was about time for her period.
It greatly discomforted her every time. As a result, she often had to bear the pain while working.
She thought Lucian had fallen asleep, but to her surprise, he left the kitchen with a cup of sweet ginger ale and served it to her. “Drink this first. When you're done, I'll give you a foot massage. What do you think?”
Roxanne was slightly stunned. While I'm surprised to see him being so gentle since he usually has a stern and cold demeanor as the CEO of Farwell Group, I'm nonetheless touched by his act.
After she grabbed the cup, he told her to wait a bit before blowing at the liquid inside until the temperature cooled down. Then he left to fetch a basin of water. As she drank the sweet ginger ale, she felt the pain in her abdomen dissipating. Why is this sweeter than honey?
| think | understand now why Madilyn was complaining so much earlier and said Jonathan must've had some sort of psychological barrier after comparing him with Lucian. She couldn't help but smile as she thought about how lucky she was.
Upon returning with a basin of water, Lucian asked her to sit properly, tested the water temperature, and massaged her feet.
“Once you're done, I'll help do the same, too.” Roxanne felt pleasantly surprised to receive that treatment, which spurred her to show him just what a kind wife she was.
“| don't need it since | don't have periods. Besides, your legs turned stiff after standing around in the research institute every day. Massaging your foot like this can relieve fatigue and prevent your veins from swelling, right?”
In response, she nodded. He's correct. | still can't believe this is happening because he's acting so lovely right now. The next morning, after Roxanne sent her children to kindergarten, she prepared to head toward the research institute.
It was then Linda called her. “When | checked the institute's account earlier, | noticed something's wrong with the price of our raw materials, Dr. Jarvis. Our costs suddenly skyrocketed! | continued investigating the matter and discovered the Damaris family's medicinal herbs suppliers had hiked the price for those materials! The purchasing department didn't notify me of the matter in time!”
Furrowing her eyebrows, Roxanne asked, “How much did the price increase?” | thought the Queen family bought the Damaris family's medicinal herbs suppliers. There's no way Jonathan would suddenly increase the price.
“It was increased by at least fifty percent! Some even went up to two hundred percent of their original cost! The price for our latest medicine will be too low to cover our cost in this case! We'll be losing money!” Stifled rage and anxiety could be heard in Linda's voice.
“| see. In that case, | want you to sort out the materials that had their price increased and create a price comparison. Send the results to my phone. I'll ask about what's happening instead of returning to the research institute first.” Upon ending the phone call, Roxanne pondered for a few moments. Does Lucian know about this? Hmm, | don't think it's a good idea to ask him about it in his company. | guess I'll call him first and ask him to meet up with me somewhere else.
Hence, she briefly told Lucian about the situation over the phone and asked him to meet her at a café near Farwell Group. When he arrived, she had also received the files Linda had sent her, so she immediately showed them to him.
Right after he briefly read through the documents, he frowned. Something's not right! | asked the Queen family to purchase those companies to better control the supply and price. They're no different from Jack if they hike up the price so suddenly. “Don't worry. I'll ask Jonathan about it.” 
###Chapter 1817
Chapter 1817
Chapter 1817 The Crawford Family
Not long after, Jonathan hurriedly arrived at the café. Roxanne didn't have time to reprimand him about his actions last night and went straight to the point. “Did you raise the price?”
Immediately, he shook his head. Crap. | relegated these businesses to Frieda, so this sudden price hike definitely has something to do with her.
Lucian glanced at him coldly, wordlessly telling him to figure out what was going on as soon as possible.
In response, Jonathan nodded and promised, “I'll handle the issue right away, Ms. Jarvis. You don't need to pay for the material fee this time. I'll solve this issue.”
Then he returned to the Queen residence, enraged. When he entered the building, he saw Frieda putting on makeup and preparing to leave.
Frigidly, Jonathan questioned, “Did you raise the price of the medicinal herbs? Lucian handed us these businesses because he wants us to earn a stable profit and prevent others from coveting them! Why did you raise the price? | demand a reasonable explanation!”
Frieda's expression remained relatively unchanged as she gave her brother a side glance. “Business is business, Jonathan. Besides, we're just the middleman. There's nothing | can do if the farmers producing the medicinal herbs want to increase their prices. I'm merely passing on the cost. Is that so wrong? Or do you think we should provide those medicinal herbs to Roxanne at a loss?”
That was an excuse she came up with beforehand. In fact, she wasn't afraid of her brother looking into the matter to confirm the validity of her claim.
Her ive in doing what she did was to let the people in charge of those companies earn more money so they would become more loyal to her.
As for the medicinal herb suppliers who were already working with the Queen family, they would eventually be attracted to her. When that time came, Jonathan's resources would only exist in name.
“Are you sure you aren't doing this for your personal gain?” Jonathan refused to believe her. Over the years, the prices of medicinal herbs he managed had consistently increased rather gently.
A massive price hike like that had never occurred before.
“You can always investigate the matter if you like. If Roxanne doesn't like the price, we'll just cancel our collaboration with her. Even if | sell these herbs to someone else, I'll still charge them the same price.” Upon glaring at him, Frieda put away her makeup box, grabbed her bag, and prepared to leave.
“You— Don't you dare go overboard! | will look into the matter!” barked Jonathan.
Without delay, he picked up his phone and started contacting the medicinal herbs suppliers.
To his shock, he discovered all of them did indeed raise their prices.
Additionally, plenty of suppliers under him were complaining about the issue and subtly wondering about the possibility of a price increase.
Eventually, Jonathan learned the culprit behind the situation was, of course, Frieda. She was the one who raised the purchase price and swayed many medicinal herbs suppliers from the northern and southern regions to her side.
“What is she trying to do? Is she doing the bidding of that man again?” Jonathan didn't have the nerve to keep quiet about the situation, so he quickly informed Lucian of his findings through a call.
He also mentioned the man his sister interacted with.
“I'm sorry, Lucian. | thought | could control my sister, and I've been watching that man's actions closely. However, | was wrong,” he apologized.
However, Lucian seemed exceptionally composed. “I already know about that man. He's Shawn Crawford, from the Crawford family of the north. In the past, they had a clash with my grandpa and lost terribly. Ever since then, they had been waiting for an opportunity to make their move. No need to worry. I'll take care of this matter.”
“Thank you, Lucian. | really shouldn't have let my sister handle so many medicinal herbs supplies.” Jonathan was regretful, but it was too late. 
###Chapter 1818
Chapter 1818
Chapter 1818 Full Frontal Assault
Inside Frieda’s office, a finance officer reported, “Due to the price hike, our expenses this month have vastly increased. However, our clients have been settling their payments. Currently, our biggest client is Dr. Jarvis' research institute and factory. Once they pay us what they owe, our profit will increase even further!”
Once he ended his sentence, Frieda swiftly signed the necessary documents and gestured for him to leave. Not long after, Shawn entered the office with a bouquet of red roses, which he promptly presented to her. Frieda was on cloud nine when she saw that. Hastily, she stood and pounced toward him.
“You shouldn't do that in your office, considering you only have a frosted glass partition here. People outside can figure out the gist of what we're doing inside.” Grinning, he put the roses down and promptly hugged her waist.
“| don't care. In fact, I'm willing to announce to everyone that you're my man!” At that moment, she was wholly immersed in the bliss of her romance. I'm enamored with this bad boy. He was the one who taught me to raise the purchase price and slowly draw the owners of those medicinal herbs companies toward me. At the same time, I'm also creating an obstacle for Roxanne. Now that the cost of the raw materials has been raised, her wish to sell her medicine at a low price will never be realized. I've accomplished something that Jack couldn't! It's all according to Shawn's plan. Even Lucian can't control the price of the medicine now. How can he when everyone on the supply chain is making more money?
“You've been doing well lately! | got some free time today, so after you get off work, I'll bring you to a fancy restaurant for dinner together.” Shawn was delighted with how obsessed she was with him.
He always had a magical charm to make the women who fell for him do everything he wanted, even to their own detriment. “Okay. Wait for me. I'll be done soon.” Gleefully, she kissed him. After he left her office, he exited the building and entered a Bentley.
With a sneer, he picked up his phone and sent a name list to his assistant before calling the latter. “| want you to contact every client on the list. Tell them they'll earn twenty percent more profit than from Farwell Group. | don't believe they don't like money!”
However, his assistant hesitated. “All of them, Mr. Crawford? Don't you think that's too ambitious? What if someone reports it to Lucian?”
Shawn assured confidently, “I doubt it! This is just a normal quotation process. | bet many other companies have done the same with them. Even if they refuse, they won't expose it lest they risk driving themselves into a corner.” In the end, his assistant launched his planned full-frontal assault.
Adrune, Archulea, and Epea were Farwell Group's most significant export locations, which Shawn planned to deal with one by one.
His backers consisted of not only eager families from the north but also many losers in the south, who were ruthlessly suppressed by Farwell Group.
All of them very much wished Farwell Group would collapse as soon as possible.
“It's finally almost time to settle our families' grudges, Lucian. This time, I'll defeat you!” The look in Shawn's eyes turned sharp. 
###Chapter 1819
Chapter 1819
Chapter 1819 No Need
Smugly, Frieda asked her assistant to call Roxanne's research institute and company to settle their payments. I'm going to give her a headache and make her yield to me!
Soon after, her assistant entered her office with a smile.
“We've received the payment, Ms. Queen.” Her assistant was delightfully waiting for Frieda to praise or reward her with a bonus. However, Frieda's expression darkened frightfully. “They did? Tens of millions? All of it?”
The assistant didn't understand why her employer seemed upset that they had received the payment.
Her smile faded as she nodded. “Yes, all of it.”
It was Frieda's turn to be confused. | thought Roxanne would refuse to settle the payment. Her materials now cost more than ten million, after all. No company would ignore such a price difference.
Panickily, she gestured for her assistant to leave and immediately called Shawn. After briefing him about the situation, she asked, “Lucian and Roxanne aren't planning anything, are they?”
Shawn remained silent for a while. | didn't expect this to happen. Usually, companies would express strong resistance when their suppliers suddenly raise the price. Then, they'll renegotiate their deal. So, what's going on?
Despite his thoughts, he reassured, “No need to panic. You've received the money, and these companies are now firmly in your grasp. There's nothing for you to be afraid of.”
“Okay. I'll meet you at the mansion tonight.” Frieda missed him.
“Okay.” Upon hanging up the call, Shawn kept thinking about his enemies' plans.
Not long after, he suddenly realized something. Looking like a deflated balloon, he muttered, “It seems like I've lost this round.” During the afternoon, Jonathan carried out the plan Roxanne and Lucian had cooked up.
Since Frieda maliciously hiked the price, they opted to launch a price war.
Their plan was simple and brutal. They would offer higher prices than Frieda did to everyone.
With that, the Queen family's original suppliers were elated. They stopped having crooked thoughts and started supplying a colossal number of medicinal herbs en masse.
Within minutes, all of Frieda's efforts to gain the trust of those company owners were wiped away.
During that evening, ten of the fourteen medicinal herbs company the Damaris family left behind requested to work with Jonathan.
By dinnertime, another three approached him.
He accepted and signed a contract with all of them to adjust the price according to each quarter's market.
After all, the price would only continue to rise for the latest quarter.
When those bosses saw Jonathan's proposed price, they immediately signed the contract without reading it.
After Lucian had dinner with his family, Jonathan called him to report the situation. “All fourteen companies under my sister's control have signed a contract with me. Based on my estimates, we'll lose around two to three hundred million this quarter. However, they're bound to expand production next quarter. Thus, the prices will drop back down. As for the medicinal herb farmers, they won't make too less money. It's my fault for letting this happen, which is why the Queen family will bear the losses.”
Lucian smiled when he heard that. Because his phone was in loudspeaker mode, Roxanne heard what Jonathan said, too.
Hence, she replied, “The Queen family doesn't need to make up for the losses. | can license one of my research institute's patents to pharmaceutical companies in Epea for around a billion. Once that deal goes through, | can allocate two hundred million from that earnings to cover the losses.” 
###Chapter 1820
Chapter 1820
Chapter 1820 Looking Forward
Once Roxanne ended her sentence, she hung up, denying Jonathan a chance to refuse.
Worried that Lucian would be dissatisfied, she explained, “I'm content with the scheme you've devised for me. Lucian. However, if the Queen family bears the losses, it'll be the same as you do it. This whole scheme will be meaningless in that case.”
However, Lucian chuckled. “Your methods are very befitting of a businessman's now!”
“Really? That's great! As long as Jonathan can control the prices, he'll help me save a lot of money. I'd say two hundred million is a fitting price to pay to settle this matter.”
Then Roxanne turned around to boil water and prepare Lucian’s favorite coffee. The fragrance of coffee filled the air.
As she enjoyed the coffee, he carefully observed her expression and said, “Accompany me to the middle school tomorrow, Roxanne. | promised Elektra to visit our old principal since he's sick.”
She grinned. “Since this is a promise between you and Ms. Lane, | don't think it's a good idea for me to join you two. It's fine. | won't get jealous. | know you two are only former classmates.”
The current Roxanne was a lot franker and better at expressing her thoughts. | don't need to be jealous since he has done so much to prove his love for me. Besides, I'm sure he mentioned he would bring me along when he talked to Elektra. In that case, | don't have anything to be upset about.
“That's not exactly why I'm asking you to join me. Did you forget you're the legendary Dr. Jarvis? | want you to come along because you may be able to treat his condition.”
“| see. In that case, I'll gladly join you. When the time comes, pick me up at the research institute. | need to be there very early in the morning tomorrow.”
Elektra was groggily woken up by her alarm clock at nine in the morning.
As she was dead drunk last night, she couldn't recall why she was woken up by the alarm clock. Hence, she turned it off and went back to sleep, not wanting to deal with anything else.
Then she suddenly recalled her promise with Lucian to meet with their old principal.
She opened her eyes, ignored her headache, and rapidly dressed up.
There was only an hour left until her time of meeting at ten.
Swiftly, she bathed, changed into a lovely attire, put on makeup to conceal her despondent appearance, and washed her mouth
multiple times to remove the smell of alcohol.
As Elektra stood before the gates of her middle school, she reminisced about her time there. It's been more than a decade, but | still remember how Lucian and | always do things together. I'd sit on his bicycle as he rode around the school while the students talked about us. Eventually, our homeroom teacher would tell us not to fall in love when we were still young. It would've been nice if we did.
In a daze, a smile surfaced on her countenance before vanishing a few seconds later. It was because she saw Lucian and Roxanne stepping out of a Rolls-Royce.
So, he still brought her along. | feel somewhat uncomfortable, but then again, | know it's going to happen. Elektra tried to convince herself to accept reality.
Moments later, Lucian approached her with Roxanne. “Did you wait for long, Elektra?”
His voice always mesmerizes me. Nodding, Elektra stared at Roxanne. “Our old principal, Mr. Valentine, is really ill, Ms. Jarvis. He's in a lot of pain. | hope you'll be able to treat him!”
In response, Roxanne nodded. | can see she's still captivated by Lucian, but I'm okay with it. He's an excellent man, after all, so it's only natural he'll constantly attract the attention of countless women. It's not like | can do anything about it. It's his attitude that matters. 
###Chapter 1821
Chapter 1821
Chapter 1821 Not Afraid Of Death
The old middle school building was renovated into an elderly activity center after the school moved elsewhere. Nearby elderly would often spend time there.
Many retired teachers were still living in the dorm building within the school grounds.
As the three of them couldn't drive their cars inside, they reached the dorm building on foot.
It was a decrepit building. On each of the five floors, there were a series of rooms resembling classrooms. Judging from the clothes hanging in front of the doors, it was evident not many teachers lived there anymore.
Elektra made a call before a middle-aged woman welcomed them inside. She was Jennifer Valentine, the daughter of the old principal, Nicholas Valentine.
“Greetings. My father had just woken up, so feel free to talk with him.” There were tear marks on her countenance. Clearly, she had been crying.
Lucian and Roxanne followed Elektra into the room before he asked, “What did the hospital say about Mr. Valentine's condition? He should have a medical record, right?”
“Thank you for visiting my father, Mr. Farwell. However, my father... They say he has no hope for recovery.” A sorrowful expression was set on Jennifer's countenance again.
Lucian's and Elektra's expressions turned grim when they saw how thin and feeble Nicholas, who was lying on a bed, had become.
Even Roxanne couldn't help but sigh in her mind when she saw the old man's condition. What people are most often afraid of when they've grown old is that they'll be riddled with ailments, drain their family fortune, leaving none for their descendants, and pass away agonizingly in an unsightly manner. In the past, | bet his eyes were filled with light as he dedicated his life to education. Now, however, his eyes have turned cloudy.
Lucian and Elektra had to announce their presence loudly, fearing Nicholas wouldn't hear them.
Eventually, Lucian introduced Roxanne to Nicholas. “This is my wife, Mr. Valentine. She's a doctor, and she's here today to examine you.”
Upon hearing that, Nicholas smiled rather emotionally.
In response, Jennifer shed her sorrowful expression away and grabbed her father's hand excitedly. “Dad, let Dr. Jarvis examine you. Also, Ms. Lane and Mr. Farwell are willing to pay for your treatment. You don't need to worry about spending money anymore!”
“No! | don't need it! I'm fine! I've accepted my end! | have students all over the world! I'm not afraid of death! I'm not—” Each intermittent word that left Nicholas’ mouth was uttered firmly.
Meanwhile, Jennifer presented her father's medical records to Roxanne. There wasn't enough light in the room, so Roxanne went outside to read it.
Lucian asked Jennifer to follow his wife and explain the situation in detail.
As Nicholas spoke long-windedly, he asked how Lucian and Elektra had been doing.
He also kept praising Lucian because the latter made numerous donations to the school in the past. In fact, Farwell Group was the one who financed the construction of the new campus.
As Lucian patiently listened to Nicholas’ words, he felt remorseful. “I've not been doing enough over the years. | can't believe | didn't visit you once!”
“It's fine if you're too busy to visit, considering how big your family is and how many businesses it has. However, know this. Your family has significantly contributed to our city's economy, so don't feel bad.”
Silently, Lucian nodded.
Outside, after Roxanne finished listening to Jennifer's explanation of Nicholas’ condition, she read through his medical records. His condition does require a massive amount of money to be kept in check. Hmm, | think | can try using the acupuncture technique I've been learning in conjunction with my own medicine. 
###Chapter 1822
Chapter 1822
Chapter 1822 Lifetime
Initially, Jennifer didn't have much hope, but when she saw the solemn expression on Roxanne's face, she quickly served the latter a cup of coffee.
Roxanne accepted the coffee, took a sip, and continued to read the record as she spoke. “The first thing we'll do is move your father to our hospital. You don't need to worry about the fee. It's all free. You just need to tend to his daily needs. The treatment will take around a month.”
Her words astonished Jennifer. Free treatment?
She couldn't help but tremble emotionally because her father's treatment fee had nearly emptied her account, even though she still had a family to care for and her child was studying at a university.
“Do you mean it, Ms. Jarvis?” asked Jennifer, fearing that Roxanne was only joking.
Nodding, Roxanne turned to her and explained, “He'll need an operation. | can't guarantee how much longer he'll live, but based on my experience, | can raise his five-year survival rate to eighty-five percent!”
Jennifer was stunned before asking with elation, “Do you mean he can live five more years?” “You can say that.”
Instantly, Jennifer sobbed. “Truly? Thank you, Ms. Jarvis! You're my savior! My son knows his grandfather is sick, so he can't focus on his studies. Finally, | can tell him some good news.”
In response, Roxanne comforted her. Some time later, Lucian and Elektra left the room.
After seeing the crying Jennifer and listening to Roxanne's encouragement, Lucian realized what was happening. “Mr. Valentine is asleep. We didn't prepare much, but | heard you have a child studying at university and another in high school. Is that right?”
When Elektra learned Roxanne could treat Nicholas, she was happy for his family. Of course, she also felt envious of Roxanne's capabilities. Jennifer nodded.
“| bet your family's fortune is nearly spent due to Mr. Valentine's ailment. In that case, I'll provide you with one million so your children can finish their education without worry. If that's not enough, just let me know,” offered Lucian.
Elektra added, “I don't have much cash on hand right now, only around three to four hundred thousand, but I'll give them to you.” They promised to give Jennifer money so she wouldn't need to worry about anything.
That baffled Jennifer so much that she was at a loss for words for a long while.
Out of nowhere, she wailed and attempted to kneel. However, Roxanne moved fast enough to prevent the middle-aged woman from doing so.
Lucian also stepped forward to prevent that from happening. “Please don't be like that. Mr. Valentine dedicated his life to the education of the youth, so much so that he fell ill. It's our wish to repay his contribution and see him well. We'll also ask our fellow students to donate to your family.”
“Yeah. Mr. Valentine lived a simple life. He isn't a greedy man, so there's no way we'll let him be trapped by monetary issues,” adjoined Elektra.
Their words successfully eliminated all of Jennifer's concerns.
“I'll contact Madilyn to send a vehicle here to pick Mr. Valentine up, Lucian.” Roxanne's thoughts remained on Nicholas’ condition.
Without delay, she called Madilyn, who swiftly sent an ambulance to her location.
After everything was wrapped up, the group bade Jennifer goodbye. As Jennifer watched them leave, she couldn't help but tear up again. 
###Chapter 1823
Chapter 1823
Chapter 1823 Unable To Escape
Lucian offered, “Let's share a meal, Elektra. If you hadn't paid attention to Mr. Valentine, | wouldn't have known he was in this state. If we didn't meet him in time, he might've been beyond saving.”
However, Elektra declined. Hence, he left the school with Roxanne.
On their way back, Roxanne received a call from Madilyn notifying her that Nicholas was in the process of being transferred to the hospital.
“You're doing a pretty good job as a hospital director,” Roxanne teased.
That spurred Madilyn to grumble, “Can you stop hitting me when I'm down? | thought being a director just meant having meetings with everyone constantly. It turns out a director has a lot more responsibilities than | thought! My gosh, do you know what time | can only get off work now? Also, initially, | was looking forward to the mansion you gifted me. However, I'm so busy now that I don't even know if my water and electricity have been cut off or not.”
In response, Roxanne comforted her friend by mentioning the high salary and the opportunity to meet more outstanding doctors.
To her surprise, Madilyn asked, “What about Jonathan? What has he been doing lately? He seems busy. Do you think he's going to wear himself out? Should | arrange a check-up for him at the hospital?”
Roxanne was stunned for a moment before understanding what was happening. Even though Jonathan's a blockhead, Madilyn's still enamored with him.
So, she agreed to help out. “That sounds like a good plan. I'll ask Lucian to order him to attend a checkup at the hospital to experience your tenderness.”
Madilyn sneered, “Sure. I'll be certain to let him have a taste of my ‘tenderness.’ This time, it'll be my turn to prepare him a vomit bag!”
Upon hearing that, Roxanne felt a slight chill run down her spine. | wonder what punishment she'll inflict on Jonathan.
When Lucian saw Roxanne giggling after ending the call, he asked her why she was laughing.
Hence, she told him about Madilyn’s plan, eliciting a loud chuckle from him. “It seems like there's no escape for Jonathan!”
“Yeah. Although, | think the Queen family may be in havoc right now. Who could've thought Frieda would oppose her family?” Roxanne's worry was accurate.
Concurrently, in the Queen residence, Frieda was packing her things. Her parents tried to convince her to stay and asked Jonathan to do the same.
However, Jonathan scowled. “Don't mind her, Mom, Dad! She's out of her mind, considering she can't even tell she's being used by Shawn. Just think about how much loss she caused our family this time. Does she really think Shawn will hand those businesses to her?”
“Yeah, yeah, you're right! You're always right! The Queen family just has to rely on you! You're inhumane, do you know that? | can't believe you're even willing to steal your own sister's business!” Frieda barked furiously. While | raised the price to make more money, | also did it for the good of the Queen family! Yet he snatched those companies back from me for Lucian and Roxanne! Thank goodness Shawn didn't blame me too much. Otherwise, | don't know how to face him. In any case, I'm definitely leaving the family since they won't help me, unlike Shawn. He will win, and Jonathan will cry when that time comes. Jonathan will never achieve greatness by being Farwell Group's dog. 
###Chapter 1824
Chapter 1824
Chapter 1824 Interesting Encounter
Frieda left the Queen residence without a second glance after packing up her belongings.
Their parents thought of persuading Jonathan to forgive his sister, but Jonathan solemnly retorted, “I'm not the one who drove her away today. She knew she was guilty, and that was why she chose to leave. Also, please stop spoiling her. If not for Lucian's dismissal, our entire Queen family would have been ruined by her!”
Right as those words left his lips, a wave of frustration washed over him, and he stood up to leave.
The car window was wound down as he drove, and he let the cold wind lash against his face.
Jonathan felt the sudden urge for some alcohol, but there was no one suitable to have a drink with. Lucian would not reject his invitation, but he did not want to interrupt Lucian spending time with his family. Cayden would be a good choice if not for his recently busy schedule.
After a while of contemplation, Jonathan realized he did not have many friends.
He had been too serious in recent years.
Every decision he made in recent years was preceded by careful deliberation in order to develop the Queen family enough to catch up with Farwell Group.
Sure enough, the Queen family was now powerful. He did not limit them to only the medicinal herbs business—he also ventured into other fields with Lucian. Lucian never once left him behind as he would always give Jonathan a chance for investment.
Those were things his younger sister did not understand.
After stopping the car on a bridge, he got out of it to look at the surface of the river a distance away. As the cold breeze wrapped around him, he slowly calmed down.
Jonathan was good at recomposing himself, after all. Right as he was about to turn around, he noticed a new car crashing into the back of his car.
Aloud bang ensued.
Then, a woman's scream of terror came. Jonathan checked the back of his Mercedes-Benz and realized it had not suffered much damage.
However, the woman seemed to have been frightened out of her mind as she continued screaming for a while.
Jonathan quietly watched her from the side and waited until the woman got out of her car and walked over to him with an apologetic look.
He noticed that she had a slender figure, and her face was lightly adorned with makeup. Based on her appearance, he assumed that she worked in an office.
Once she walked over, she studied the collision point. Jonathan's car seemed to have come out of it mostly unscathed, but hers was not as lucky—the bumper was crushed.
“I'm so, so sorry, mister! | really am! I've only started driving recently, and | just bought my car, so I'm not that experienced behind the wheel. | saw your car parked there, and | wanted to turn, but there were other cars at the side. | was panicking, so I...”
When she lifted her head to take a glimpse of Jonathan's face, she froze. He's so handsome! He has attractive features and a defined profile. Moreover, his slightly gloomy eyes are sure to catch any
woman's attention.
Suddenly, she was glad that she had crashed into someone's car, for it let her bump into a handsome man. Promptly, she introduced herself, “Mister, I'm Coralie Crawford. Let's make a police report and settle this properly. I'll definitely pay for the damage done.”
Jonathan swiftly waved his hands dismissively. “It's fine. We don't need to get the cops involved over a trivial accident like this. You're at fault for driving into my car, but | shouldn't have parked here either. Let's just bear the costs for the damages to our own cars.”
With that, he studied Coralie to make sure that she was fine. Then, he turned, about to leave. Coralie's heart skipped a beat. She did not want to let an interesting encounter like this slip by her.
“Mister, what about this? To avoid any future misunderstandings, let's exchange numbers. I'm scared that you might go back on your word,” Coralie said, her excuse a reasonable one.
Jonathan knitted his brows. “Miss, | said that | shouldn't have parked there, but you were the one who crashed into my car. You're at fault, too, so there's no way we'll have any future misunderstandings. | have something to attend to, so please excuse me now!”
With that said, Jonathan got into his car and sped off.
Coralie was still for a few seconds before curling her lips. “A mysterious man! You won't be able to get rid of me that easily, though. I've memorized your plate number.” 
###Chapter 1825
Chapter 1825
Chapter 1825 Not Enough
Awhile later, Jonathan reached the Farwell residence.
Jonathan had come in a hurry, thinking that something urgent had happened.
However, Lucian was calmly drinking tea in the living room. He even invited Jonathan to join him.
After a brief chat about the supply of medicinal herbs, Lucian started inquiring about Jonathan's health.
“I'm in good health. Also, we're in the line of supplying medicinal herbs, so we're more attentive to our health. What's on your mind, Lucian?” Jonathan curiously asked.
It was obvious that Lucian's interest was piqued. “I'm not saying that there's anything issue with your health, but you've been slaving away for the family business. Don't you think you should do a proper checkup?”
Jonathan nodded in agreement. “In that case, I'll do one.”
“Good. I've already made an appointment for you. You'll be doing the checkup in Roxanne's hospital, okay?” Lucian was worried that Jonathan might detect something amiss, but evidently, his worries were for naught.
The dense Jonathan nodded again. “Is tomorrow fine? I'll head there in the morning.” Lucian bobbed his head, but at the same time, he began wondering how Madilyn was going to deal with the dense man.
“By the way, Lucian, I've noticed some issues popping up with our overseas client. There is a rise in client complaints, and some are even trying to ask for lower prices. I'll be looking into this for more details.”
Jonathan was a workaholic, and he always talked about work.
Lucian bobbed his head as the look in his eyes changed. “You don't need to do that. It's Shawn. He's trying to take our clients away from us. Let's not alert him to our realization and let him dwell in his glee for now. We have more than enough clients to keep our business afloat. Since these people aren't interested in being the best in the market, let's replace them all. We'll wait until they break the contract first.”
Jonathan nodded, even more impressed by Lucian.
He was still not as focused and sensitive to changes as Lucian. The latter had already identified the underlying issue when Jonathan just became aware of the problem. Lucian had even formulated a plan to address it.
Maybe this is what a strategist is.
The two continued chatting for a while longer. Jonathan still felt guilty about his sister's betrayal, but Lucian was unfazed.
When Roxanne came down the stairs after tucking the children in, Jonathan rose to his feet and excused himself from the house. “How was it? Did he say yes?” she asked.
An amused smile manifested on Lucian's lips. “He'll be going for the checkup tomorrow. | just think it'll be really interesting if the two of them end up being in a relationship.”
“Yes, I'd like to see that too. It'll be much better than mine—it won't be bittersweet.” Roxanne sighed before shooting Lucian a glare.
Lucian shuddered. He was all ready to start eating popcorn and watch the show unfold, but it seemed like he had accidentally shot himself in the foot instead.
Thus, he quickly dropped the smile and replaced it with a solemn look. Pulling Roxanne closer to him, he then said, “Of course, of course. You're right. | didn't do good by you, so...”
“So what?” Just as Roxanne frowned, she saw Lucian going down on one knee. She froze.
Then, Lucian fished out a black velvet box from his pocket and slowly opened it. His gaze on her was as if she was the only one who mattered to him.
Roxanne was stunned, and her heart began to race. 
###Chapter 1826
Chapter 1826 Bliss
"Roxanne Jarvis, Ms. Jarvis, will you please marry me again? I've failed you all these years. I was the reason you didn't experience a loving romance and the bliss of marriage. You were forced to grow up and become the mature individual I wasn't expecting you to be. For the children, you've gone through enough pain. For me, you've waited for so many years. I'm at fault for being so slow to realize these all. Maybe there'll be this wall in your heart forever. You might be wondering if I've chosen to be with you for the children's sake, but I'm going to tell you that's not the case. There are so many brilliant points about you that I'm attracted to. You're the most suitable partner I've ever met. I love you, Roxanne Jarvis. So, please marry me again.”
Lucian's heartfelt confession, solemn expression, and sincere gaze melted Roxanne's heart. She looked down at him, tears welling up in her eyes. The emotions that had been building up inside her for so long now threatened to overflow.
“Lucian...” she whispered, her voice breaking. She couldn’t find the words to express the whirlwind of feelings she was experiencing. The children, who had quietly come downstairs, watched with bated breath, their eyes wide with hope.
Taking a deep breath to steady herself, Roxanne finally found her voice. “I... I never thought this day would come. I’ve been through so much, and for a long time, I wasn’t sure if I could trust you again. But seeing you change, seeing how much you care for the children and me, I’ve realized that maybe we can have a future together. Yes, Lucian. Yes, I will marry you again.”
A cheer erupted from the children as Lucian slid the ring onto Roxanne's finger. He stood up and pulled her into a warm embrace, his heart pounding with joy and relief. “Thank you, Roxanne. I promise I will cherish you and our family for the rest of my life.”
The children rushed to their parents, wrapping their arms around them in a group hug. It was a moment of pure happiness, a moment that promised a brighter future for all of them.
As they held each other, Lucian whispered in Roxanne's ear, “I’m going to make it up to you every single day. I’ll prove that you made the right choice.”
Roxanne smiled through her tears, feeling a sense of peace and contentment she hadn’t felt in years. She believed him. For the first time in a long time, she truly believed that they could build a life filled with love and happiness.
The days that followed were a whirlwind of preparations and celebrations. The news of their engagement spread quickly, and friends and family gathered to congratulate them. The children were overjoyed, excitedly helping with wedding plans and dreaming about their new life together.
Lucian and Roxanne worked together to ensure that their wedding would be a memorable event, one that symbolized their renewed commitment to each other and their family. They chose a beautiful garden venue, where they would be surrounded by nature’s beauty as they exchanged their vows once again.
On the day of the wedding, the garden was filled with flowers and the soft hum of excitement. Roxanne stood in her dressing room, looking at herself in the mirror. She wore a simple yet elegant gown that highlighted her natural beauty. Her eyes sparkled with happiness, and her heart fluttered with anticipation.
Madilyn entered the room, her eyes shining with pride and joy. “You look stunning, Roxanne. I’m so happy for you.”
Roxanne turned to her friend and hugged her tightly. “Thank you, Madilyn. I couldn’t have done this without you.”
Madilyn smiled, brushing away a tear. “You deserve all the happiness in the world. Now go out there and get married to the man who loves you.”
Roxanne took a deep breath and nodded. With a final look in the mirror, she stepped out into the garden. The guests stood and watched as she walked down the aisle, her eyes locked on Lucian, who waited for her with a look of awe and love.
As they stood together, hand in hand, the officiant began the ceremony. The vows they exchanged were filled with promises of love, trust, and a commitment to building a future together. When they finally kissed, the garden erupted in applause and cheers.
That night, as they celebrated with their loved ones, Roxanne and Lucian felt an overwhelming sense of gratitude and joy. They knew that their journey hadn’t been easy, but it had led them to this moment, a moment of bliss and the promise of a lifetime of happiness.
Surrounded by their friends, family, and the laughter of their children, Roxanne and Lucian danced under the stars, knowing that they had found their way back to each other and to the love that had always been there, waiting to be rekindled.
###Chapter 1827
Chapter 1827
Chapter 1827 Scandalous Scoundrels
How could Roxanne possibly be mad at them? She hunched over and cheerfully gave kisses to the children. Right then, Sonya and Elias walked over.
The two of them were dressed rather formally. Elias was in a suit, and Sonya was in a gown.
“Roxanne, this is what the Farwell family owes you. Lucian should be proposing to you, and we must do all the proper procedures. We're delighted that you're saying yes to Lucian.”
Elias was beaming. We can't wrong a wonderful daughter-in-law like her anymore.
There was a tinge of awkwardness in Sonya's expression, but she still walked over to Roxanne and cast an apologetic look. “Roxanne, I'm sorry for what happened in the past. I've made a terrible mistake. | hope you'll forgive me for those transgressions and give me a chance to compensate for them. I'm truly happy right now. It's my pleasure for you to marry Lucian.”
Roxanne was so caught up in the moment of bliss she could not find it in herself to be angry at Sonya.
Meanwhile, Lucian nodded at his father's request. “There's no way we're skipping the wedding photos, wedding, and honeymoon.”
Madilyn promptly intervened and chastised, “Of course. The Farwell family have plenty of money, so you have to give Roxanne the best, got it?”
Lucian nodded obediently. The sudden proposal made Roxanne feel secure. The activities that night made Roxanne fall into a deep sleep afterward.
In her dream, she was pregnant again. She could not see the appearance of the fourth baby clearly, but the child-like voice was saying, “Mommy, Mommy, hurry up! | want to play with my siblings!”
Unlike Roxanne, Frieda was having a horrible night.
After packing her luggage to head to Shawn's mansion, she started waiting for Shawn. However, no matter how long she waited for him, he never showed up.
The falling out with her brother and the conflict with her parents was driving her to a mental breakdown. So, she ran to a bar and got herself drunk while waiting for Shawn to call her. Alas, her phone never rang. Not even her parents bothered calling her. All she could think of was how ruthless her brother was.
Stumbling out of the taxi, Frieda belatedly realized she had nowhere to go. Hence, she could only hail a cab to return to Shawn's. mansion.
Yet, before she could enter the house, she saw Shawn's car driving over. But there was another person in the front passenger seat.
Even though her vision was blurry from the alcohol, she could make out that the passenger was a young woman with an impressive figure.
The last thread of sanity in her mind broke, and she fixed her gaze on the other woman.
The weather was cold, and Shawn took off his jacket to drape it on the other woman's shoulder the second they came out of the car.
The smile on his face and the loving gaze in his eyes drove Frieda mad.
Frieda could not stand it anymore. This was the man she had been waiting forever and a day for. She could forgive Shawn for going after Aubree. She could pretend that he did it to take revenge on Lucian. But now, Frieda realized she was the dumbest woman in the world.
She had willingly become his puppet, she had willingly sacrificed herself, and she had voluntarily cut ties with her family for his plan.
Then, Frieda hastily walked over to them. The alcoholic haze was gone, giving way to anger.
Before Shawn could register her presence, Frieda slapped the other woman hard.
In the next instance, she glared at Shawn viciously and bellowed, “How could you do this to me, Shawn? You ingrate!” Tears cascaded uncontrollably down her face, for the world was crumbling down around her.
Raising her hand, she wanted to slap the man as well. 
###Chapter 1828
Chapter 1828
Chapter 1828 It Is My Fault
Frieda's hand was tightly gripped. Shawn's eyes were burning with fury as he berated, “Frieda, what are you doing?”
“B*tch! Scoundrels!” Frieda was unfazed and hurled more profanities in the young woman's direction, fervently wishing she could strangle the latter.
Aloud and crisp slap echoed in the air.
Shawn had just slapped Frieda hard across her face.
“What's gotten to you? She's my sister,” Shawn gritted through his teeth. Then, he cast a glance at his sister, Coralie.
Coralie covered her face in pain. She had never been slapped in her entire life. Tears streamed down her face following the searing pain as she cast a bewildered look at the drunken Frieda.
“Shawn, is this your... girlfriend?” Contempt festered in Coralie's eyes.
Frieda was stumped, both by the slap and Shawn's words.
She sobered up instantly and froze on the ground, unable to utter a word.
Shawn led Coralie into the mansion to coax her, as well as apply some medicinal ointment to her injured face. That young woman is his... sister? Well, upon a closer look, they do look alike!
Frieda suddenly felt her body going weak as she slumped to the floor.
“Shawn, what is with the luggage? Was that your girlfriend? She sure is a friendly one, greeting me with a slap. If Mom and Dad know about this, she won't ever get to marry you!” Coralie groaned.
Shawn had only arranged for Coralie to come to Horington to follow up on the upcoming expansion projects. If Coralie hadn't encountered the handsome man on the bridge that night, she would have been in a much fouler mood.
“Okay, | will make her apologize to you sincerely! She didn't know you were my sister and thought | was with another girl. It's only normal for girlfriends to be jealous under the circumstance, right?” Shawn placated.
In the end, Coralie just uttered the number of a license plate.
“Shawn, hurry up and investigate this car license plate for me, and | won't get mad at you, but I'm still going to be mad at your girlfriend!”
Shawn immediately agreed to her request. Investigating a car plate was a piece of cake to him.
“This is the car that bumped into yours, right? Was it a hit-and-run? You could have reported it to the police right away. Then again, we can also choose to resolve it ourselves,” Shawn said.
He had noticed that Coralie's bumper was broken when he picked her up just now and assumed that she must be looking for the car owner who bumped into her car.
“No, that's not it. You've misunderstood the situation, jumping to conclusions like your girlfriend. Just find out about the identity of the owner of the license plate. You don't need to worry about the rest. | was the one who bumped into his car, and | want to compensate him!” Coralie explained.
She was at a loss for words. Not only did she get slapped for no reason, but if her brother continued to misunderstand the situation, she might miss her chance with her crush.
Seeing as his sister had finally calmed down, Shawn headed out of the mansion and noticed Frieda, who was sobbing uncontrollably in the courtyard.
He made his way over, and Frieda slowly lifted her head.
“You drank yourself into oblivion and came over to slap both my sister and me but only suffered one slap in return. That doesn't seem fair,” Shawn said icily with a grim expression.
“I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I'm really, really sorry. | was too reckless... Please forgive me,” Frieda pleaded as she carefully gauged the man's expression.
In the end, Shawn shook his head lightly and offered his hand to help her up. 
###Chapter 1829
Chapter 1829
Chapter 1829 Seriously Ill
In the morning, Roxanne woke up extra early. She wanted to carry out the operation on the headmaster earlier.
Usually, the blood pressure of patients would be lower in the morning. Coincidentally, the headmaster's surgery had to be done when the blood pressure was at a lower level. Otherwise, the risk would be higher.
Lucian was still fast asleep and instinctively rolled over to hug Roxanne.
She carefully wriggled herself out of his embrace. After she was done washing up, Roxanne went downstairs and was greeted by the sight of bouquets of flowers and roses on the table.
Then, she glanced at the ring on her ring finger and smiled, finally feeling at peace with her life. After getting married, her life was blissfully uneventful. Madilyn soon arrived to pick Roxanne up. The two of them were going to work together during the surgery.
Roxanne urged Madilyn to have breakfast. Over breakfast, Madilyn told Roxanne that after having a mansion to herself, she had decided to get a kitchen helper as well. Hence, she was finally able to eat on time now.
After they were done with breakfast, the two of them discussed the patient's medical condition on their way to the hospital.
It was a rather complicated surgery that lasted from seven until nine-thirty in the morning. Both Madilyn and Roxanne were fully focused on fighting the battle.
In the end, they managed to deliver good news to the headmaster's daughter after getting out of the operating room.
“Thank you so much, Dr. Jarvis and Dr. Xander! | really don't know how to thank you both!” The headmaster's daughter was about to kneel before Roxanne and Madilyn to thank them, but she was stopped by Roxanne in time.
After giving some care advice to the headmaster's daughter, Roxanne bade goodbye to Madilyn and headed to the research institute.
She bumped right into Jonathan downstairs.
“Hi, Roxanne! I'm here for a health checkup,” Jonathan said cheerily.
He was confounded by the hint of a sinister smile in Roxanne's eyes.
At the registration counter, Jonathan was briefed on his health checkup details after he made his payment.
He had selected a rather basic plan, covering a CT scan or ultrasound for his heart, liver, lungs, and kidneys, an electrocardiogram for his heart, and a full blood report.
However, Madilyn had already reminded the reception staff to add some health check parameters for Jonathan beforehand.
“Mr. Queen, based on your current lifestyle of being sedentary and having an irregular diet, we would highly recommend that you include two additional health check parameters, which are gastroscopy and colonoscopy. These procedures only need to be done once and will ensure your health for years to come,” the receptionist advised.
Jonathan heartily accepted the suggestion.
Meanwhile, the corner of Madilyn's lips curled into a smile as she looked at the list of Jonathan's health check tests in front of the computer.
Hah! I'll do the gastroscopy. As for the colonoscopy... Well, that's too private. I'll ask someone else to arrange a procedure that is less painful. Madilyn then changed into her work attire and wore a white coat, hair cap, and a mask. She was certain nobody would be able to
recognize her.
Since Jonathan hadn't eaten anything, he proceeded with the gastroscopy first. She hurriedly arrived at the gastroscopy room and dismissed the doctor on duty.
Jonathan's first experience with gastroscopy was excruciating.
He vomited many times and threw up a puddle of acidic liquid.
Madilyn asked her assistant to comfort Jonathan when she noticed his discomfort. However, she continued with the gastroscopy, and her expression turned grim. Madilyn realized that Jonathan actually had serious gastritis.
What's the matter with him? I've never heard him mention this. Madilyn's face turned impassive. After she was done with the checkup, she no longer felt the urge to tease Jonathan. Instead, she hurriedly checked out the gastroscopy scans.
Why does he have such serious gastritis? If his condition continues to worsen, it could become stomach cancer. What's the matter with him? Why didn't he take good care of himself?
Then, she immediately asked the gastroenterologist to take a closer look at Jonathan. 
###Chapter 1830
Chapter 1830
Chapter 1830 Is It That Serious
Roxanne had just arrived at the research institute and was about to change into her lab coat when Madilyn called her.
“Roxanne, Jonathan has a serious case of gastritis! The situation is a bit complicated, with multiple polyps and some erosion. | was careless earlier and forgot to take some tissue samples for testing!”
Madilyn's tone was full of concern.
“Don't worry, Madilyn. Send the images to my phone, and I'll take a look. Besides, you're worrying too much. It might not be as serious as you think. | have other ways to treat this as well. What are you afraid of?”
As Roxanne spoke, Madilyn quickly hung up the phone and sent over the test images. Roxanne looked at them for a long time, and Jonathan's condition was indeed very serious.
She couldn't help but sigh in her heart. Jonathan was really pushing himself too hard. This might be caused by a combination of irregular eating habits and alcohol drinking.
But fortunately, in Roxanne's opinion, this was entirely treatable. She would use modern medicine to kill the bacteria and then use her own blend of traditional medicine to restore balance.
As long as Jonathan followed her medical advice strictly, he could probably recover in three months.
So Roxanne replied to Madilyn and asked her to relax and not worry too much.
In the office, when Madilyn heard that Jonathan could fully recover, she felt slightly relieved in her heart. Jonathan, who was still undergoing the medical examination, appeared unaffected and completed all the tests.
Madilyn looked at the other examination results, and everything was normal, including the colonoscopy. The only problem was only the condition of his stomach that was too severe.
She immediately instructed the staff at the medical examination department to ask Jonathan to stay. “Mr. Queen, the director would like to see you.” Jonathan didn't realize it at first, but when he saw Madilyn, he remembered.
“Ms. Xander, | forgot that you were promoted to the position of director. But | can tell that you're doing a great job managing things around here. | experienced the whole medical examination process today, and it was really impressive.” Jonathan thought it was always a good idea to start with a compliment.
Madilyn's face didn't look good, but she still asked him to take a seat.
“However, | have a small suggestion. The doctor in your gastroscopy department seems to be a bit rough. You might want to advise her about it!” Jonathan couldn't understand why Madilyn's face suddenly became serious.
Maybe being a director means she has to put on a serious face?
With the intention of providing constructive feedback to improve the hospital's level of care, he spoke about his slightly unpleasant experience during the medical examination.
Madilyn was taken aback. She never expected him to complain about her!
How dare this guy complain about me?
She took out his examination report and asked mildly, “Mr. Queen, may | ask some specific questions? Does your family have a history of gastric disease?”
Jonathan shook his head. When he realized that she did not pay any attention to what he said, he wondered if she was the sort of person who did not care about other people's advice.
“Okay. In your diet, do you eat foods with a high concentration of bacteria, or have you come into contact with some radioactive substances?” Madilyn continued to inquire while still keeping a stern expression.
Jonathan shook his head again as he finally realized that there might be a problem with his gastroscopy results. So he asked, “Ms. Xander, is there something wrong with my stomach?”
“Yes! It's a serious problem. You really don't take care of your health, do you? If you delay any longer, it might develop into stomach cancer. Do you understand?”
Madilyn's tone suddenly scared Jonathan.
“I-Is it really that serious?” 
###Chapter 1831
Chapter 1831
Chapter 1831 Caused By Medication
Madilyn patiently explained to Jonathan the pathology, underlying causes, and potential future developments, as well as all the medical jargon in the examination report.
Finally, she glanced at him and thought that being a layman, he probably couldn't understand it all.
“| see, so it's the medication I'm taking that's the problem, right? If it continues, it will inevitably develop into stomach cancer! To cure it, | have to stop taking the medication and take good care of myself for three or four months. Is that right?” Jonathan summarized, making Madilyn's job easier. He understood completely!
“You've been taking medication for a long time? What kind of medication is it?” Madilyn asked, seizing the key point. She couldn't help but be curious since he looked perfectly healthy.
Jonathan hesitated for a moment, but Madilyn raised her voice and adopted a serious expression. “In front of your doctor, it's best not to conceal anything. You must understand that this concerns your life!”
However, Jonathan still didn't speak and had a distant look in his eyes.
Madilyn became even more anxious, but when she saw the sudden melancholy in his eyes, she had to suppress her impatience and wait patiently.
“| actually have a very severe case of depression!” Jonathan suddenly smiled, but his smile was tinged with bitter self-mockery. Madilyn was stunned.
She had considered some other hidden disease but hadn't expected it to be depression. However, no matter how she looked at him, he didn't seem like a depressed person.
Jonathan always gave her the impression of being a serious, reliable, and mature individual no matter when or where he was. How could he have depression?
Madilyn didn't really think it was absurd, but she just couldn't believe it. As a doctor, she understood the pain of depression better than anyone else.
She was taken aback for several seconds, but Jonathan then turned around and smiled, saying, “It's hard to believe, right? Even my family doesn't know about this condition! Of course, now that I've told you, | hope you can keep it a secret!”
In the world of a patient with depression, everything was gray, desperate, and devoid of interest.
How could that sort of life be connected to someone like Jonathan?
He had led the Queen family to new heights and had always been riding the waves in the business world alongside Lucian. He always gave others the impression of being a sincere and earnest man!
Madilyn nodded heavily, promising to keep his secret.
Fortunately, Jonathan's next sentence gave her some comfort.
“Luckily, | don't know if it's the effect of the medication or my own mental adjustment, but many of my negative thoughts have disappeared recently. When | saw Lucian and his wife gradually getting together, | felt encouraged. Slowly, I'm feeling that my moods are becoming lighter.”
Jonathan looked at Madilyn seriously and suddenly asked, “Do you believe me?”
“Of course! | absolutely believe you!” Madilyn replied hurriedly.
She quickly looked away, afraid of causing Jonathan any misunderstanding.
At this moment, her feelings were complicated.
The melancholy in his eyes made her feel like hugging him.
“Well, now that we've found the problem, it's probably the medication you're taking is too stimulating to your stomach. So, if it's not necessary, don't take the medication anymore. Is that okay?” Madilyn brought the topic back to the stomach problem, and then she realized that Jonathan was facing possibly two thorny issues—depression and stomach cancer.
“Yes, | understand now. | will stop taking the medication. What kind of treatment plan do we have going forward?” Jonathan asked.
“| just sent the examination report to Roxanne. | can handle the modern medical treatment part, but she's better at traditional medicine as well as acupuncture. Anyway, don't worry about it. You'll be fine in no time!” Madilyn promised in a heavy tone. 
###Chapter 1832
Chapter 1832 The Healing Power
Madilyn prescribed some medication and instructed Jonathan on how to take it, then finally advised him to relax and trust the treatment. She also suggested that he should have a follow-up examination in a month if he was not afraid of a gastroscopy.
Jonathan nodded, still processing everything that had just been revealed. The weight of his hidden depression, the potential consequences of his long-term medication, and now the prospect of a more hopeful treatment plan—it was a lot to take in. But seeing the genuine concern in Madilyn’s eyes gave him a sense of reassurance.
“Thank you, Madilyn,” he said earnestly. “I appreciate your help and your discretion.”
Madilyn gave him a comforting smile. “You’re welcome, Jonathan. Remember, you don’t have to go through this alone. We’re all here to support you.”
As Jonathan left the clinic, he felt a strange mixture of relief and anxiety. He had taken a significant step by admitting his condition and seeking help, but the journey ahead still seemed daunting.
Back at home, Jonathan sat in his study, contemplating his next steps. The idea of stopping his medication filled him with both hope and fear. He knew it was necessary for his physical health, but he worried about how it might affect his mental state.
Later that evening, Lucian called to check on him. “How did the appointment go?” he asked.
Jonathan hesitated for a moment before answering. “It was enlightening. Madilyn found some issues with the medication I’ve been taking for my depression. She thinks it’s been causing the stomach problems.”
Lucian’s concern deepened. “Depression? Jonathan, why didn’t you tell me?”
“I didn’t want to burden anyone,” Jonathan admitted. “But Madilyn convinced me to be honest about it. She’s prescribed some new medication and suggested a follow-up in a month.”
Lucian was silent for a moment, processing the information. “I’m glad you told her. And I’m here for you too, Jonathan. If you need anything, don’t hesitate to reach out.”
“Thank you, Lucian. I appreciate it,” Jonathan replied, feeling a bit lighter.
As the days passed, Jonathan followed Madilyn’s instructions carefully. He made sure to take the new medication on time and adopted a healthier lifestyle. He also started to open up more, confiding in close friends and family about his struggles. To his surprise, they responded with support and understanding, which helped alleviate some of his burden.
Madilyn and Roxanne worked together to create a comprehensive treatment plan for him, combining modern medicine with traditional therapies like acupuncture and herbal remedies. Jonathan attended regular sessions with both of them, gradually feeling the benefits of their combined expertise.
A month later, Jonathan returned for his follow-up examination. This time, he felt more hopeful. The gastroscopy revealed significant improvement in his stomach condition, and he had started to feel mentally stronger as well.
Madilyn reviewed the results with a satisfied smile. “You’re making excellent progress, Jonathan. Keep up the good work, and we’ll continue to monitor your condition closely.”
Jonathan nodded, gratitude evident in his eyes. “I couldn’t have done it without you and Roxanne. Thank you both so much.”
Roxanne, who had joined them for the follow-up, smiled warmly. “We’re just glad to see you getting better, Jonathan. Remember, healing takes time, but you’re on the right path.”
As Jonathan left the clinic that day, he felt a renewed sense of purpose. He was determined to continue his journey towards better health, both physically and mentally. With the support of his friends, family, and the dedicated care of Madilyn and Roxanne, he knew he could overcome the challenges ahead.
In the weeks that followed, Jonathan maintained his positive trajectory. He focused on his work with a new sense of clarity and purpose, no longer weighed down by the hidden struggles he had carried for so long. He also made time for self-care and relaxation, understanding the importance of balancing his responsibilities with his well-being.
The bond between him and Madilyn grew stronger as well. They shared more than just patient-doctor interactions; they became close friends, confiding in each other and offering mutual support. Jonathan found solace in knowing that he had someone who truly understood his struggles and was committed to helping him heal.
As he looked back on his journey, Jonathan realized that seeking help and being honest about his condition had been the turning point. It had opened the door to healing and allowed him to rebuild his life with a newfound sense of hope and resilience.
And for that, he was eternally grateful.
###Chapter 1833
Chapter 1833
Chapter 1833 Full Of Love
Over the weekend, Roxanne and Lucian took the three children to the orphanage.
The children didn't reveal how much money they had raised for donation, and although Roxanne and Lucian were curious, they waited for the children to disclose it themselves.
They first went to the supermarket and bought a lot of toys, snacks, and books.
Then, they arranged for a medium-sized truck to deliver them directly from the supermarket to the orphanage. Madilyn and Jonathan were already waiting for them when they arrived at the orphanage.
Madilyn wore a beautiful dress, while Jonathan dressed casually for once.
The two of them had immediately made plans for the orphanage. Madilyn had already arranged for a medical team to come and give the children at the orphanage medical checkups.
Meanwhile, Jonathan had contacted several sponsors overnight and secured free furniture and daily necessities for the children. The two of them had already talked to the orphanage director and were just waiting for Lucian's family to arrive.
Upon arrival, the group was warmly welcomed, and with the help of the orphanage director, the three children quickly mingled with the other kids and started talking with them.
It was clear that the staff at this orphanage had provided the children with good psychological care, as all of them were vibrant and full of energy.
The entire process went very smoothly. The three children donated over one hundred thirty thousand, which surprised both Roxanne and Lucian since they never gave the kids pocket money before, as they didn't lack anything.
Roxanne was a bit worried and looked at Archie and Benny, asking, “How did you save up so much money?”
She was afraid that Archie and Benny had used their powerful hacking skills to make money illegally, but Estella piped up with an explanation.
“It's not them. | was the one who earned most of the money by learning from Archie and Benny how to fix website vulnerabilities for clients. The clients paid me for my help and gave me a lot of money!”
Archie and Benny nodded. Of course, they also contributed by creating online courses and earning money through their website in a legal manner.
“Essie earned much more than us this time. But Benny and | will donate more in the future!” The orphanage director smiled at the three of them and thanked them for their generosity.
“Thank you. I'll make sure to tell the other children about what you've done so that they can also learn to help others in the future when they have the ability to.”
Meanwhile, Madilyn and Jonathan were busy with their tasks.
Madilyn was conducting health checkups on dozens of children with her team, which took some time to complete, while Jonathan was working with sponsors to improve the living conditions for the children, including replacing old beds and equipment with new ones.
In the afternoon, the orphanage director and staff prepared a meal to thank Roxanne and her family for their visit.
Before leaving, Roxanne, Lucian, and their children bid farewell to everyone, promising to come back and visit again. “We'll come back again, everyone!”
The director personally escorted them to the front door, expressing his sincere gratitude once again.
This made Lucian feel a bit embarrassed, so he promised again that they would make further donations in the future.
Jonathan and Madilyn were still busy with their respective tasks, so Roxanne and Lucian didn't disturb them and let them continue their work.
After Lucian and his family left, Madilyn finally finished compiling the health check results and handed them over to the orphanage director.
Some children needed further medical attention, which would require specialized equipment at a hospital.
Jonathan also completed his task of improving the living conditions of the children. He felt a sense of relief and accomplishment as he looked at the result of his efforts. 
###Chapter 1834
Chapter 1834
Chapter 1834 | Am Terrible At This
Returning to the villa in the evening, Roxanne once again emphasized to Archie and Benny the importance of being discerning and cautious when helping others online to avoid being taken advantage of by unscrupulous individuals, such as being hired to hack websites or actively soliciting money while offering assistance.
“Essie may not understand, but you two must. You have to help her watch out! Don't let your kindness turn into doing bad things,” Roxanne emphasized.
The two nodded and promised to be vigilant. Estella remained immersed in her joy, a simple emotion that came from helping others and feeling truly happy. One girl even gave her a beautiful hair clip, which she cherished.
Soon, Elias and Sonya arrived in a car.
Elias came to teach Archie and Benny how to play chess, which was not their first time. In just a while, the two children and Elias were immersed in the game, finding it challenging as they battled against each other.
Meanwhile, Sonya came over to cook and make soup for the children. Lucian didn't say anything and went upstairs to work on his tasks in the study.
Roxanne had been working to help Jonathan prepare his medication, but after finishing, she went downstairs to check on the situation.
Suddenly, she heard a cry from the kitchen and rushed over.
There, she saw Sonya with a painful expression on her face. Sonya’s right palm was red and blistered as she soaked it ina basin of water.
She rarely cooked and wasn't used to handling hot items. After finishing cooking the soup, she spilled some on her hand without noticing it had bubbled over.
It was so painful that tears almost flowed from her eyes, but she held back and made no sound. “Mrs. Farwell, you got burned? No, you can't just soak it in water like that! Hurry up!” Roxanne immediately grabbed Sonya's hand, removed it from the basin, turned on the tap, and held it under running water.
“The first step for a burn is to run cold water on it for fifteen minutes. Just soaking it in water is not enough. Blisters may form soon!” Roxanne spoke with a professional medical tone, while Sonya felt awkward at being held like that.
Looking at Roxanne, Sonya said apologetically, “I'm really terrible at even this simple task. I'm sorry, Roxanne.” “It's okay, Mrs. Farwell. Cooking soup is something that can be left to the cook. You don't have to do it yourself.” Roxanne knew that she was making up for what she owed Archie and Benny over the past six years.
“| just wanted Archie and Benny to taste my soup. | didn't expect myself to be so clumsy!” Sonya’s initial awkwardness disappeared as she talked to Roxanne while her hand was being held.
Staring at Roxanne, she began to feel different and strange feelings in her heart.
“Okay, | understand. Keep rinsing your hand, and I'll go upstairs to get some ointment. We'll have to apply it later. Fortunately, the burn isn't too severe,” Roxanne instructed, rushing upstairs.
Elias heard their conversation and went over to check on his wife.
“Why are you so careless?” he scolded her, but his brows furrowed with worry, and his eyes were filled with anxiety. The children also heard the commotion and asked about Sonya's condition, expressing their concern. “Grandma, are you okay? We won't drink soup next time, so you won't get burned,” one of the children said.
“Grandma, does it hurt a lot? You can ask us for help or ask Daddy and Mommy to help you. Mommy said we have to be careful in the kitchen to avoid burns,” another child said.
While Sonya listened to the children's concerned words, her furrowed brows slowly relaxed.
She shook her head and reassured them, “I'm fine, don't worry. Your mommy will help me apply some medicine later, and I'll be okay soon.”
At that moment, she felt a sense of peace and warmth in her heart.
She looked at her husband with a faint smile on her lips. 
###Chapter 1835
Chapter 1835
Chapter 1835 Who Is Your Employer
Following Roxanne's instructions, Sonya rinsed her hand under cold water for fifteen minutes and felt the burning pain disappear instantly.
Roxanne then applied her homemade burn ointment, which felt like a moisturizer, carefully on Sonya's hand and adjusted the cold air from the hairdryer to slowly dry the ointment.
Sonya felt a refreshing coolness on the back of her hand, which was quite comfortable.
Gradually, the redness caused by the burn started to dissipate, and Sonya realized the extent of Roxanne's medical expertise. With such a burn ointment, it could likely become a hot-selling product in the market.
“I'll serve the soup to the kids, Mrs. Farwell. You just sit tight,” Roxanne said as she went into the kitchen.
She tasted the soup and found it delicious before scooping it into bowls and serving them one by one.
Archie took the initiative to bring Sonya a bowl of soup and said, “Grandma, this is the soup you worked hard to make. You should be the first to taste it!”
Sonya wanted to decline, but Elias smiled and said, “It's rare that you cook soup. In fact, this is probably the first time in your life. You should taste your own craft!”
Roxanne immediately handed Elias a bowl of soup. The children were next, and even Lucian was called over to drink soup with the family.
By nine o'clock that night, the children had to prepare for their baths and bedtime, and Sonya was reluctant to say goodbye to the three little ones.
On the way home, Elias praised his wife without hesitation and encouraged her to continue on. He believed that Roxanne would forgive her someday.
“| know, but that's because Roxanne is kind enough. | shouldn't be thinking about seeking forgiveness all the time. | should be thinking about how to be a good grandmother and mother-in-law. Maybe | realized it too late, or maybe the realization came too suddenly.” Sonya sighed.
She realized that when she was a daughter-in-law in the Farwell family, her husband had protected her, and she had not suffered much.
Elias didn't say much after that, but he believed that his wife would change for the better.
Amidst the deafening beats of the DJ and the gyrating crowd, Elektra felt uneasy in the noisy bar.
She had always been associated with serenity and kindness from her early years to now.
However, she found herself in this raucous scene, sipping on red wine, glass after glass, that had a tangy and slightly bitter taste. Although the bar's wine was subpar, it was strong enough to cloud her senses.
If she persevered till the last drop, she could escape from her worries.
When it came to facing Roxanne, Elektra was aware that she stood no chance.
Her heart was young and full of passion, but everything seemed futile.
Suddenly, a dapper and somewhat attractive man who was wearing trendy clothes noticed her and went over. It was a common
sight to see men prowling around solitary women in the bar. As he took a seat across from her, Elektra grew agitated and coldly snapped, “Excuse me, | didn't invite you to sit here. Could you please leave me alone?”
Had it been anyone else, they would have taken note of Elektra's extravagant attire and the keys to her sportscar resting on the table, and they would have probably stayed away.
After all, these gave the impression that she was a well-to-do young woman from a wealthy and prestigious family. However, this particular man simply gave her a faint smile and was unfazed by Elektra's irritable demeanor.
“Excuse me, you're Ms. Lane, right? My employer wishes to have a conversation with you regarding an important matter. Would you be willing to meet with my employer?”
“Get lost! | don't care who you are. I'm not in the mood right now.” Elektra ignored the young man and dismissed him altogether. She was in a bad mood and didn't want to meet anyone.
“| think you would want to meet her. After all, she knows about your troubles and wants to help you. You must hate Roxanne Jarvis a lot, right?” the young man teased.
His employer had said that if he mentioned Roxanne, Elektra would agree to meet.
Sure enough, Elektra lifted her gaze and asked, “What's your employer's name?” 
###Chapter 1836
Chapter 1836
Chapter 1836 You Are Aubree Pearson
Following the young man, Elektra got in the car, and it sped off to a cruise terminal where yachts and cruise ships from around the world were docked. It was a playground for the rich.
She followed him onto a luxurious cruise ship from Hawen. The salty sea breeze blowing from the port jolted Elektra into alertness, swiftly clearing the fogginess of her mind. “Is your employer from Hawen?” she asked.
“Yes, Ms. Lane, don't worry. The whole cruise ship has been reserved, and there is no one else on board,” the young man reassured her.
With the presence of stern bodyguards flanking her on both sides since boarding the ship, Elektra felt that she had no reason to feel apprehensive anymore. It was apparent that the individual who had extended the invitation was affluent and influential.
Shortly after, she was escorted to a reception area, where a waiter respectfully poured her a glass of red wine. The waiter meticulously opened the bottle, swirled it, and carefully poured the wine into a tall glass while politely saying, “Miss, please enjoy!” in Ustranasion.
Elektra lifted the tall glass and took a sip. She could tell the red wine was of high quality.
While scanning the room, Elektra's attention was drawn to a poised and elegant figure making her way toward the reception area.
As Elektra gazed upon the striking face that looked perfect from all angles, she immediately recognized that the face had undergone surgical enhancement, which was not uncommon in Hawen.
Although such a face was impeccable, it had one critical flaw. The hospital employed identical proportions, resulting in many individuals having nearly identical faces.
Fortunately, this woman possessed her own distinctive oval-shaped face, setting her apart from the sea of other women with rounded faces.
Elektra gazed at the young woman before her with a mixture of curiosity and intrigue. The woman appeared to be young and around the same age as her, but she couldn't recall having any friends from Hawen.
As the woman reached for a tall glass and flashed a mature and alluring smile, even Elektra couldn't help but acknowledge that she exuded an almost flawless perfection and a sultry aura that could entice any man to take a second look at her.
“Hello, and who might you be?” Elektra was still trying to figure out if the woman was from Hawen.
The woman raised her glass and clinked it gently with Elektra's with a playful glint in her eyes.
“My name is Christina Patel! Hello, Ms. Lane,” Christina said lightly, downing the wine in one gulp without even savoring it. Elektra was taken aback for a moment as she didn't recognize this name.
“Hello, Ms. Patel. Do we know each other?” This last name was undoubtedly Hawenese.
However, this fluent Chanaean accent was not common for a Hawenese to possess. Acomplex look flooded Christina's eyes as she looked at Elektra and nodded firmly. “Elektra, we do know each other.” Since the other woman even knew her own name, Elektra's puzzlement and wariness increased.
“Who are you? Why did you go through so much trouble to track me down? Do you have any association with Roxanne?” Elektra's mind raced as she attempted to grasp the situation.
“Don't be nervous! | didn't come here with any malicious intent. In fact, | came here today because | wish to collaborate with you. If you think carefully, I'm sure you'll recognize who | am!” Christina reassured her, setting down her wine glass. The waiter promptly approached and refilled it.
She picked up the glass again, her eyes full of interest as she looked at Elektra. Suddenly, a thought struck Elektra.
“Are you... Aubree Pearson?” she exclaimed in puzzlement. 
###Chapter 1837
Chapter 1837
Chapter 1837 The Way Forward
Christina simply nodded in response.
After three months, she had returned!
From the moment she entered Hawen, there was only one thing that kept her going, which was revenge against Roxanne. Her family, her emotions, her body... Everything was lost because of Roxanne.
In Hawen, she used her body to earn money for plastic surgery, a place to live, luxury cosmetics, and her current lifestyle. Fortunately, she eventually met the son of a powerful tycoon who gave her the financial capital for revenge.
Although she knew she was just a plaything and eye candy to him, it didn't matter as long as she was favored now.
This cruise trip alone cost several millions.
Mr. Goldstein liked relationship dynamics as such, and for the past few days, she had done everything to serve him well. As Elektra gazed at Christina before her, her shocked expression gradually eased.
The Aubree in front of her was quite unlike the Aubree she had previously known.
Had Christina not confessed, Elektra would have even suspected deception.
“Elektra, do you believe me? | want to collaborate with you to deal with Roxanne!” The loathing in Aubree's eyes was palpable and impossible to conceal.
“| understand. But tell me, what approach do you have in mind for our collaboration? And why me specifically? While | do have an interest in Lucian, | don't have a personal vendetta against Roxanne, just a mild dislike. | don't think my hatred for her is on par with yours.”
Elektra didn't want to fall into Aubree's trap so easily as she had yet to decide. Being aware of the Pearson family and Aubree's fate added to her wariness.
“| understand your reservations and that you don't have any deep hatred against Roxanne, but our goal is aligned. You can get close to Lucian while I can take my revenge against Roxanne.”
Aubree knew that it wasn't easy to win over Elektra, but a certain tinge of confidence was plastered on her face.
With Mr. Goldstein's support, she now had more abilities at her disposal.
“So, what's the plan?” Elektra's interest was piqued.
Indeed, all she wanted was to be with Lucian, and that was enough.
“The plan is actually quite simple. Roxanne isn't too suspicious of you right now, so if you try to get close to her and become her
friend, that should be enough. Of course, you'll need to give me some information as well. We'll work together and bring Roxanne down.”
Christina's words were a bit vague.
Elektra furrowed her brows and asked, “Are you suggesting that we directly harm Roxanne? Have you heard of the story of the Damaris family? Roxanne isn't someone who can be easily taken down!”
Directly harming Roxanne would be foolish.
“Jack Damaris? Haha...he was a pitiful man. If he had worked with me in the beginning, things would be so much better now!” Christina had spent a lot of money gathering information on Roxanne during her time in Horington.
She had learned that Roxanne had gotten together with Lucian and had three children with him. They were a happy family, and even Sonya had “repented.” Christina was consumed by hatred and pain, as if a dam had burst inside her, causing her to constantly grind her teeth and toss and turn in bed. The intensity of her emotions was so overwhelming that it left her with a constant ache in her chest.
While she thought of all that, her eyes glimmered with anger and resentment.
“Of course, we won't cause direct harm. | know you wouldn't do that either. You don't want to get yourself in trouble, and | understand that. | can assure you that won't happen. If you don't believe me, wait and see for the next two days. I'll show you the plan and the way forward!” 
###Chapter 1838
Chapter 1838
Chapter 1838 Not Used To It
Early in the morning, Sonya arrived at the mansion. She busied herself with helping the children wash up, chatting with them, and finally, having breakfast with them. She wouldn't let the servants help and insisted on doing everything herself.
Her burn from the previous night had completely healed when she woke up this morning, which made her admire her daughter- in-law's medical skills.
Lucian didn't to his mother's actions and even let her take the children to school. When Roxanne woke up, she felt menstrual cramps and stayed in bed for a while.
When Sonya returned after taking the children to school, she found that Roxanne had just gotten up, and Roxanne's face didn't look good. Sonya immediately realized what was going on.
“Roxanne, since you're in pain like this, why don't you take the day off and rest? I'll make you a nourishing soup downstairs!” Sonya said, and before Roxanne could react, she went downstairs to the kitchen.
Shortly after, Lucian also called and asked if Roxanne was in a lot of pain. He suggested she take some painkillers to relieve it.
“I'm a doctor myself, so | know what to do about it. You can focus on work, and I'll take the day off. It's just that Mrs. Farwell made soup last night, and now, she wants to make soup for me again. I'm afraid she'll get burned again!”
Lucian said with a faint smile, “Roxanne, just give her an opportunity to do it. This is her karma!”
“Don't speak ill of your own mother like that. Anyway, | know what to do, and I'll take care of myself. Once my period is over, let's take our wedding photos,” Roxanne replied.
She still couldn't bring herself to call Sonya “Mom,” but Lucian didn't say anything about it. After showering and getting ready, Roxanne felt the pain had eased a bit, so she slowly went downstairs.
Sonya came out of the kitchen, smiling. “It's almost done. This soup is something I've been drinking since | was young, and it's very effective for cramps. It'll nourish your body!”
Roxanne nodded and sat down while asking about the burn from the previous night.
Sonya showed her hand and praised Roxanne's medical skills. She mentioned that many ladies were also interested in the burn medicine.
“Why isn't this medicine on the market? It will be a bestseller if it's produced commercially!” Sonya asked curiously.
Roxanne patiently explained, “The medicinal ingredients for this medicine are very rare, and the production process cannot be commercialized, so it's not suitable for mass production. | only made a small batch to treat the children if they got burned. But from now on, | will stock up more for the family!”
“| see! It's true that good medicine is hard to make. Stay seated for a while, and the soup will be ready soon. Don't worry. It's not very greasy, and it's very suitable to have as breakfast,” Sonya said and returned to the kitchen. After a while, she brought the soup out, served a small bowl, and let it cool down.
After finishing, Roxanne and Sonya sat alone together, feeling awkward. Sonya asked, “Do you need anything else? | can go and buy it for you!”
Roxanne shook her head and said, “No, thank you, Mrs. Farwell. This soup is really delicious!”
Roxanne began to drink the soup, which had a unique and fragrant aroma. She also praised Sonya's cooking skills. Sonya was rather embarrassed and eventually said she would help Lucian tidy up his study.
When Roxanne saw her go upstairs, she finally relaxed a little.
After all, Sonya was an elder who used to give off an intimidating aura. But now, she was polite and gentle, which made Roxanne feel a different kind of discomfort. 
###Chapter 1839
Chapter 1839
Chapter 1839 An Accident
Roxanne had two bowls of soup but found it difficult to finish the second. Despite that, she eventually managed to drink it all. When Sonya came down after tidying up the study, she was delighted to see that Roxanne had finished all the soup.
“Mrs. Farwell, your soup is really well-made and delicious.” Roxanne praised the soup once again, causing Sonya to feel a little shy.
Suddenly, Roxanne's lower abdomen started to ache again, so she decided to go upstairs and lie down. “If you like it, | can make some more later. You can have it for lunch or dinner,” Sonya offered. Hearing that Sonya wanted to make more, Roxanne didn't want to refuse Sonya's kind offer, so she quickly changed the subject.
“Mrs. Farwell, this soup is so good. Why don't you send some over to Lucian? He's been working hard lately and hasn't had a chance to get proper nutrition.”
Sonya thought it was a good idea and decided to make some more soup while Roxanne rested in her room.
Over an hour later, Roxanne was dozing off when Sonya suddenly knocked on her door. “Roxanne, Roxanne...” she whispered softly, not wanting to disturb her.
“Mrs. Farwell, what's the matter?” Roxanne asked.
“Well, my car suddenly broke down, and | don't know what's wrong with it. I've called the body shop to come and take a look. But the soup is ready, and | thought | could bring it over to Lucian while it's still hot. Lucian's cars in the garage are either too uncomfortable or too big for me to drive. So, | was wondering if | could borrow your car for a bit?”
Roxanne thought it was a small matter and that the car keys were already hanging in the hallway, so there was no need for Sonya to ask her for them.
However, she still politely replied, “Sure, no problem. The keys are hanging in the hallway. Mrs. Farwell, please drive safely.” Sonya nodded and left the room. Arriving downstairs, she picked up the keys and turned to leave.
The butler suggested that a driver could drive Sonya there, but she refused. “I want to do it myself. It's meaningful only if | personally deliver it. If you do everything for me, what use am | as a mother?”
The butler couldn't argue with her and just reminded her to drive slowly. Half an hour later...
“Attention, breaking news for all drivers on the road! We have received reports of a major traffic jam on the second ring road caused by a serious car accident. A vehicle collided with the guardrail, blocking two lanes and bringing traffic to a standstill. The police and hospital emergency teams were dispatched to the location. As a result of the impact, all airbags were released, and a female driver is currently unconscious. However, brave and kind-hearted Good Samaritans are lending their assistance at the scene...”
When Lucian received the call from the hospital informing him that his mother had been in a car accident, he froze for two seconds before urgently asking, “Is she okay? I'm Lucian Farwell from Farwell Group. Please treat my mother as soon as possible! I'm on my way!”
He suppressed his impatience and anxiously waited for a response from the other end of the phone.
“She's okay. She's just unconscious due to head trauma. All vital signs are normal, and there are no other injuries or fractures. Please rest assured, Mr. Farwell. We will do our best to save her!”
When the doctor on the other end of the line heard Lucian's name, he suddenly became more serious and made a promise to do his best.
Lucian finally felt slightly relieved when he heard the news that his mother was okay. He immediately had Cayden prepare the car to go to the hospital.
Taking the private elevator down, Lucian quickly informed his father of the situation. When Elias heard that his wife was involved in a car accident, he panicked. Lucian hurriedly told him what the doctor said.
“Lucian, I'm on my way to the hospital. You're nearer to the hospital, so please hurry over as well. How could this happen? Just before your mother left, she was still showing off to me about making soup for you. How could this happen?” 
###Chapter 1840
Chapter 1840
Chapter 1840 Is This Normal
When Lucian arrived at the hospital, Sonya was still in the emergency room. His arrival even startled the hospital director, who rushed over to check on Sonya and reassured them that she would be fine.
“Mr. Farwell, your mother has regained consciousness, and all her vital signs are normal. She only suffered a mild concussion from the impact to her head, but as long as she stays in the hospital for observation, she should be fine!”
Lucian nodded and thanked the doctor before immediately going in to check on Sonya.
Sonya's expression was still a bit dazed, but when she saw her son, she immediately smiled. “Lucian, | got into a car accident, but thankfully I'm okay. Don't worry; I'm fine!”
Seeing the concern in her son's eyes, Sonya felt unexpectedly happy, as it had been a long time since she had felt her son's care.
Lucian approached her and asked if there were any parts of her body that were hurting.
Sonya shook her head. “I'm really fine. My head just got hit by the airbag. Fortunately, | wasn't driving too fast, but it's a shame about the spilled soup...”
“You're involved in an accident, and yet, you're still worrying about soup? Why are you so careless?” Elias pushed open the door and walked briskly to his wife, grabbing her hand and checking her anxiously. He was worried that something might have been missed during the examination.
Seeing her husband's nervous appearance, Sonya felt even happier and said with a smile, “I'm really fine. | wasn't paying attention, so | got into an accident. Oh, and I'm sorry about Roxanne's car!”
Lucian immediately said, “Mom, the car isn't important! We can just buy another one. But what about you? Did you not rest well, and is that why you lost concentration?”
“No, | don't think so! But | felt like the brakes were acting up. Fortunately, | was the one driving. If it had been Roxanne and if she was driving fast, it could have been worse!”
Sonya's offhanded remark caused both Elias and Lucian to freeze and their expressions to turn serious.
“Mom, are you saying that the brakes failed? That was Roxanne's car!” Lucian's heart skipped a beat, and he felt that this accident was not as simple as it seemed.
Elias' gaze confirmed Lucian's suspicions.
“Lucian, go to the traffic department and find out what happened. I'll stay here with your mother.” Elias nodded slightly, gesturing for his son to leave.
“Okay, then stay with Mom. Let me know if anything happens. I'll go to the traffic department!” Lucian turned and left in a hurry. This made Sonya roll her eyes at her husband. “Our son finally showed concern for me, and you made him leave in such a hurry. Why are you in such a rush?”
“You're too carefree! A sudden brake failure isn't normal at all. Plus, Roxanne was still using that car yesterday! How could it just coincidentally fail today?” Elias revealed the seriousness of the situation.
Sonya thought about it, and her eyes widened in shock.
“Are you saying that someone wants to harm Roxanne? Coincidentally, | borrowed her car, and because | usually drive so slowly, the accident wasn't serious.”
Elias frowned and looked at her. It was Sonya who had initially reminded them of this possibility. “Didn't you mention it yourself earlier? Did you not think of this?”
“| was just joking at first. How could | have thought of such a sinister plot? Who could it be? And how did they have the opportunity to tamper with the car?” Sonya's questions were what confused Elias as well. 
###Chapter 1841
Chapter 1841
Chapter 1841 Do Not Underestimate Lucian
Perhaps it was the effect of the soup that Sonya had made, but Roxanne slept well, and her pain was greatly reduced. Soon, Lucian called, and it was only then that she learned that Sonya had been in a car accident.
Not long after, he returned to the mansion.
He asked Roxanne with concern, “When did you stop using the car? Has it been sent for repairs?”
It was only then that Roxanne remembered that Sonya had used her car today!
What a coincidence that Mrs. Farwell got into an accident.
She trusted Lucian's judgment and thought carefully. “I haven't been to the body shop recently! Yesterday was the last time | drove it. However, | did feel that the brakes were not working properly at the time!”
“Where do you usually park your car? Have you lent it to anyone recently?” Lucian asked carefully. Someone was already targeting her, and he could not overlook any clues.
Roxanne's recent schedule was really fixed, so she was either at home or at the research institute every day. Only occasionally would she go to the hospital or company. She thought about it and told him her itinerary for the past three days, and she had not lent her car to anyone either.
Lucian frowned. “Someone definitely tampered with the brakes on your car. Listen, let Linda and Madilyn arrange for someone to check the surveillance footage of your parking spot for the past seven days.”
“Is Mrs. Farwell okay now? I'll go to the hospital to see her!” Roxanne nodded but still asked about Sonya’s condition.
“Don't worry; my mom is okay. She's in the hospital now, and my dad is taking care of her. Fortunately, it was my mom who was driving the car, and she was going slow enough. If it had been you going at seventy kilometers per hour instead of forty like her, the damage and injury would have been completely different!”
Lucian knew that if Roxanne had been driving today, she would have been seriously injured in this morning's accident. Seeing his serious expression, Roxanne also felt scared. She immediately called Linda and Madilyn to assist in checking the surveillance footage.
Not long after, the traffic police called Roxanne to confirm that the car was hers and had been temporarily taken to the traffic police's parking lot.
The inspection results showed that the brake system had a serious malfunction, and there was reason to suspect it to be sabotage.
“Ms. Jarvis, this accident has caused injuries to your family member. In the future, the police may conduct a series of investigations and evidence collection. Please cooperate with us!”
Roxanne agreed to do so.
Lucian didn't waste any time and called Cayden to go to the traffic police department to check all the surveillance footage of Roxanne's routes for the past few days.
After ten minutes, Roxanne changed her clothes and went to the hospital with Lucian.
In this car accident, Sonya had replaced her as the victim!
It was really coincidental that she had her period that day and didn't go to the research institute. Coincidentally, Sonya's car was broken, and Sonya used her car instead.
Was it really just coincidence?
At that moment, two figures sat in the back seat of a black Mercedes-Benz business car parked downstairs at the hospital. Christina wore a hat with a low brim that covered most of her face.
Beside her was Elektra, who was wearing oversized sunglasses that made it hard to recognize her.
“Elektra, do you believe me now? This car accident was just a little trick! Of course, you'll be the real deal. Only you can make things more complicated!” Christina's mouth curved into a smug smile.
But Elektra was suspicious and retorted, “Christina, you said you wouldn't cause direct harm anymore. Don't underestimate Lucian. You might slip up and expose yourself, and then he will catch you again!”
The scheme was originally meant for Roxanne but unexpectedly affected Sonya. However, regardless of whether Roxanne or Sonya was injured, they were both important to Lucian.
He would definitely get to the bottom of this. 
###Chapter 1842
Chapter 1842
Chapter 1842 Feel My Pain
However, Christina smiled confidently, her eyes brimming with mockery.
“How would Roxanne ever guess that | sent someone to tamper with her car brakes when she stopped her car at the roadside to help the elderly folk to cross the road?”
It was also a junction where there were no surveillance cameras around. Christina was certain that her plan was flawless.
Elektra was rather taken aback. She had not expected Christina to make a comeback with a revenge plan that not only kept her impulsivity in check but was also well thought out in every other aspect.
“So, what chance would | be getting after this, then?” Deep down, Elektra still felt that at this point, it would be impossible to break up Lucian and Roxanne.
Based on what she heard, even Sonya had begun to attend to Roxanne's needs.
Moreover, Lucian had also proposed to Roxanne and would be taking wedding photos with her. Their next step would naturally be to remarry.
Christina shrugged, but her expression remained confident. “You'll get your opportunity. Just think about it. Why was Sonya driving Roxanne's car? Sonya’s mind hasn't yet arrived at the bad thoughts, but you could help her in that regard!”
Although Sonya ended up being the target of the car accident instead, the incident did not cause too much damage. Christina was rather disappointed about that.
Back then, it was with Sonya's support that Christina destroyed everything. She would not have been able to do it without Sonya. Yet, Sonya was now turning back, voluntarily serving Roxanne instead. That b*tch! Elektra froze for a moment before she finally caught on to what Christina meant.
“How are you feeling, Mrs. Farwell?” asked Roxanne with concern after she entered the ward, carrying a fruit basket and a bouquet of carnations.
“If you guys had come slightly later, we might've already left the hospital!” responded Elias with a relaxed smile.
Lucian, on the other hand, could not manage a smile. Although the car accident did not cause too much harm, the danger that underlay it was too great.
“I'm fine, Roxanne. Aren't you feeling unwell yourself? You didn't have to come and visit me personally,” stated Sonya, who was genuinely in a mellow mood.
It had been a long time since she had received so much care and attention from her family. If her injuries were not so minor, she even hoped to remain hospitalized for another few days.
“Are you really well enough to be discharged?” Roxanne was still a little worried. After all, Sonya had hit her head, which could have caused complications of any level of severity.
Due to her professional habits as a physician, Roxanne immediately picked up the medical records at the side of the bed and studied the test results carefully, especially the CT scan result.
“I'm really fine, Roxanne. The doctor has reviewed my test results several times, and | don't have any signs of bleeding in my brain. It's fortunate that the airbag in your car worked in time.”
After checking the test results thoroughly, Roxanne finally confirmed that Sonya was indeed fit enough to go home.
With Elias’ help, Sonya got out of the hospital bed, packed her things briefly, and left the hospital with the bouquet in her hands. As Lucian had to rush to the traffic police department, he asked Roxanne to send Elias and Sonya back.
Roxanne had no problem with it, but Sonya shook her head, saying, “You're obviously still feeling ill yourself. It's fine! Elias can drive me back.”
In the end, as Sonya was persistent, Roxanne had no choice but to agree to the suggestion. After seeing Elias and Sonya off, Roxanne called Madilyn and asked the latter to pick her up.
Madilyn easily agreed to give her a lift. After all, she had heard that Sonya was involved in a car accident and was curious to find out what happened as well.
Not long after, Madilyn arrived at the hospital and drove Roxanne away.
In a Mercedes-Benz, the moment Christina saw Roxanne's face, she immediately felt her blood boil with rage. She trembled violently as her face flushed red with anger.
“The game has only begun, Roxanne. This time, I'm going to make sure you feel my pain!” 
###Chapter 1843
Chapter 1843
Chapter 1843 Practically Geniuses
At night, when Lucian returned to the mansion, Roxanne shot him a meaningful look to stop him from mentioning Sonya's accident in front of the children.
“Daddy, Mommy, I've signed up for a computing competition, and it's an international competition too!” said Benny eagerly.
Lucian immediately rubbed the child's head and praised, “That's great, but remember to have mercy on the other children, okay?”
Benny's hacking skills had currently reached a level of expertise that shocked even Lucian.
Archie, who also wanted his father's affection, hurriedly announced his news next, “Daddy, | joined a variety show called Mega Brain and came in first in the qualifying round. The production team invited me to the final round. May | go?”
Roxanne could not help but feel rather astonished as well. These children! What have they been up to when we weren't noticing?
Lucian picked Archie up in his arms at once and planted a huge kiss on the child's face as he complimented, “Your memory is even better than a computer's. You should go ahead and join the finals if you want. | promise to be there with you.”
Estella began to feel desperate. After some thought, she quickly chimed in as well, “Daddy, Mommy, | sent a famous designer from Epea a copy of my design. He offered to accept me as his apprentice, but I'm still young and don't want to go abroad yet.”
Both Lucian and Roxanne were struck dumb by this news.
“Which famous designer is that? Is he a legitimate designer?” asked Lucian in a serious tone. He could not help but be worried that Estella might have fallen for a scam.
Right then, Archie and Benny both helped to explain.
“| was the one who helped Essie find the designer. He's really a renowned designer ranked third worldwide. It's Bernard Brown, the designer behind many famous brands!”
“Yes, since Essie isn't very proficient in sending emails in Ustranasion yet, | helped her with the translation. The replies that came from his end are still in my inbox, and they're really from Mr. Brown's work email.”
Roxanne and Lucian exchanged looks. Are our genes really so powerful? Our children are practically geniuses!
Bernard was a legendary figure in the fashion world. Upon hearing his name, Roxanne and Lucian were suddenly at a loss about what to do next.
Despite that, they did not forget to shower Estella with the mandatory praises and kisses.
In the end, it was Estella who suggested, “I will apprentice with Mr. Brown after I've grown up a little. For now, | will focus on improving my Ustranasion first and catch up with Archie and Benny. They're so smart and have already learned several languages.”
The family chattered harmoniously for a while before Archie and Benny asked about Sonya. It turned out they had found out about Sonya's accident from the news and had known about it the whole time. To reassure them, Lucian took out his phone and gave his mother a video call.
Sonya and the three children chatted happily for almost an hour.
Seeing that their grandmother was fine, the three children finally felt relieved. At the Farwell main residence, Sonya hung up the video call and burst into tears abruptly.
Seeing that, Elias, who was just walking over with a sliced apple, immediately asked, “Weren't you having a good conversation with the children? Why are you suddenly crying?”
“I'm just too happy! I've never been happier in my life. Look at how much my grandchildren care about me. I'm finally experiencing the true joys of being a grandmother.”
Sonya was, in fact, shedding tears of joy. She realized that despite not receiving the complete forgiveness of her daughter-in-law, she was experiencing real joy right now. Why have | never thought of looking at things this way? | must have been out of my mind to have treated Roxanne so badly!
“It's wonderful, isn't it? Life certainly changes once our attitude does.” Elias smiled as he passed her the apple. 
###Chapter 1844
Chapter 1844
Chapter 1844 That Man From The North
It was late at night. The children were already asleep.
Roxanne, however, was having an episode of stomachache. She was hurting so much that she could not even straighten her back.
As Lucian gave the woman a massage, he nagged at her at the same time, hoping she would cut herself some slack at work. “This side effect must stem from my poor confinement period years ago. Now, it's back to haunt me,” whined Roxanne. Lucian was racked with guilt at those words. The tumult of his emotions got the better of him as he started to blame himself. With the warmth and moderate pressure coming from the man's palm, Roxanne could already feel her pain slowly subsiding. “It's not that serious, actually. It only hurts on the first day. | bet I'll be fine tomorrow morning!” she comforted Lucian.
The duo eventually brought up the car accident.
“According to the investigation carried out by the traffic police at each junction, including the surveillance footage provided by Linda and Madilyn, there wasn't any opening for anyone to even get close to your car. Is it because the brakes have really worn out?”
After Lucian summarized all available leads at that point, he gazed at Roxanne expectantly. Maybe she'll recall some tiny details that | may have overlooked.
“Then again, the car's still brand new. It's absurd for the brakes to fail so soon. The deduction made by the traffic police couldn't be wrong.” Lucian was quick to perish the thought he just had a minute ago.
It was then that something popped into Roxanne's head.
“| think | might have stopped the car somewhere yesterday night to help an old lady cross the road. But | only spent about six or seven minutes doing that, | guess?” No matter how she racked her brain, nothing seemed out of the ordinary.
That was the only lull she could think of so far. Immediately, Lucian's eyes lit up. “Really? Which junction did you stop at? Can you remember?”
Without deliberation, Roxanne detailed the location of the said junction. Lucian, in turn, rang Cayden up and asked the latter to have the traffic police begin another round of investigation at once.
Half an hour later, all of Lucian's hope went down the drain. The last thing he expected to hear was that the surveillance cameras at that very junction had been faulty the night before.
For a moment there, he could not help but feel all the more heavy-hearted.
It seemed that it was those six to seven minutes that had granted an opportunity for the perpetrator to tamper with the brakes. That person was even well aware that the surveillance cameras were out of order.
What a meticulous strategy! “Could it be Shawn?” Lucian's visage gradually turned as cold as the winter. It's about time | meet that man from the north!
In the meantime, Sonya was recuperating from the accident at the Farwell residence. She had just taken the medicine prescribed by the doctor from the hospital and was about to turn in early that night when a car drove into the courtyard.
It was Elektra. She rushed into the house, seemingly worried about Sonya.
“Mrs. Farwell! | was just back home, and my parents told me that you were in a car crash. How are you feeling? Is everything all right?” Her anxious gaze was shining with sincerity.
She approached Sonya and scrutinized the old lady from head to toe.
“I'm fine, really. It's so late already, Elektra. Why did you come all the way here? You could've just called me.” Sonya beamed.
“I'm glad that you're okay! | was freaked out. What exactly happened?” Elektra simply had to ask the obvious. Putting up a front must be her forte.
After recounting the whole incident to Elektra, Sonya unwittingly added, “Luckily, it was me who had gotten into that accident. Had it been Roxanne instead, she would've been severely injured, considering how fast she would usually drive.”
The second Elektra heard that remark, her mien changed subtly. Even her eyes became frosty. Nevertheless, she managed to conceal her grim expression in no time. She must've decided to turn over a new leaf, huh? Thank goodness | wasn't swayed by her!
Elektra secretly gnashed her teeth. On the surface, however, she had to muster a smile so bright. “It was such a coincidence, wasn't it, Mrs. Farwell? You even managed to save Ms. Jarvis the trouble. Lady Luck must smile on her!”
Eh? Why must she talk like that? Something's off with this girl.
Even so, Sonya chose to dismiss her doubt as she continued wearing an amicable countenance. “Thank you for your concern, Elektra. It's getting late. | want to rest early. You should also go home and tell your mom and dad that I'm fine.” 
###Chapter 1845
Chapter 1845
Chapter 1845 An Issue With The Payment
Meanwhile, a recently developed office building officially launched in Horington as an enterprise brand that day. Out of the hundred-odd stories of the building, twenty of them belonged to Crawford Heights Group. Coralie was clad in business attire as she sat in the chief financial officer's office, busy auditing the export sales for that month.
As soon as she concluded the statistical report, a broad grin was etched on her face. She hastily picked up the phone and dialed her brother's number.
“Congrats, Shawn! Our sales have skyrocketed again this month! Compared to last month, it has increased by more than one hundred and thirty percent. We'll be realizing your plan in no time.”
The business world is no different from a battlefield. Coralie was awed by Shawn's capability.
“We're still far from achieving our goal. To think that we could generate that many sales by poaching just three of Farwell Group's clients, | wouldn't dare to imagine how good Lucian is at running their business,” responded Shawn.
Instead of being consumed by conceit at that transient success, Shawn began to see Lucian’s terrifying control. In fact, his newly founded company was barely even one-tenth of Farwell Group in size.
Unlike Farwell Group, which had their headquarters already taking up two blocks of building, not to mention having their very own massive industrial area, all Shawn owned were twenty measly stories within an office building.
“Commend them if you must, Shawn, but there's no need to belittle yourself. We're not based in this southern city, so we ought to take it one step at a time. Anyway, this is only the beginning. | believe in you!” Coralie did not forget to sing her brother's praises.
After hanging up the phone, she completed her work and shut down the laptop. The corner of her lips curled upward slightly without her knowing it.
As comical as it might sound, the man who had been involved in the car accident turned out to be Jonathan, Frieda's elder brother.
It was as though the fate of both ladies and their brothers were inextricably intertwined. Then came a knock on the door. “Come in!” answered Coralie.
Frieda entered the office with an upright demeanor. She was appointed the deputy chief financial officer of Crawford Heights Group, or rather, Coralie's assistant.
Regardless, she could not have asked for a better job than that.
To be managing the finance of a trading company that big, she had found more pleasure than overseeing those fourteen medicinal herbs suppliers prior to that.
“Ms. Crawford, I've finished compiling the statistics on our goods importation. Please have a look.” Frieda raised her gaze to sneak a peek while submitting the report. For some reason, she feared Coralie.
On the flip side, Coralie was all smiles. “You don't have to be rigid when there are only two of us, Frieda. Just call me by my first name! Oh, by the way, let's have dinner together after work.”
Frieda bobbed her head. Deep down, she was worried that Coralie might hold a grudge against her because of the tight slap she had given Coralie the other night.
Lowering her head a little, Frieda stepped out of Coralie's office and went back to her own office. Frieda's office was nowhere close to being as majestic as Coralie's. Still, it was spacious enough for her. The company had even
assigned a secretary to help her.
Frieda knew very well the reason Coralie would play up to her all of a sudden. What she did not know was how Coralie had gotten acquainted with Jonathan in the first place. That woman has to have a thing for Jonathan! How ridiculous! If they really end up tying the knot, what would that make our relationship?
Frieda's mind was abuzz with chaos as she tried to figure it out.
Out of the blue, her secretary barged into the office in a panic.
“| have something to report, Ms. Queen.”
Noticing the anxiety brimming in the secretary's eyes, Frieda prompted on the spot, “What's wrong?”
“There seems to be an issue with the payment from some of our clients. The three new clients had yet to remit us their outstanding balance, and they're way past the grace period allotted to them. If they still don't pay up, our suppliers will be the first to come after us!”
Frieda froze at that revelation. Aren't those three clients the ones personally secured by Shawn not long ago? Among them was Paolo, the man who had openly turned his back on Lucian.
Given the situation at hand, idling about was not an option for Frieda. Once again, she made a beeline for Coralie's office. 
###Chapter 1846
Chapter 1846
Chapter 1846 Provocation
Coralie panicked as well after learning about the situation.
Indeed, import and export trade was very prone to pitfalls. Regardless of how profitable the business might be, the most crucial aspect was whether the payments could be recovered.
She hastily relayed the news to Shawn.
“I'll ask Danny to look into it immediately.” Shawn became serious as well.
He had handed the entire list of Farwell Group's clients in Epea to his assistant, Danny Yaeger, to handle. After Danny received the instruction, the first person he contacted was Paolo.
A few minute later, Danny reverted to Shawn.
“What? The number was terminated?” Shawn was livid.
“I'll try contacting the other two clients. Perhaps this is just a temporary issue. Mr. Paolo often gets into unnecessary trouble and frequently changes his phone number.” Danny tried to explain that it might just be a coincidence. However, he was actually distressed as well.
He braced himself, hung up the call, and continued to dial the numbers of the other two major clients.
The increase in sales performance that month was mainly due to the three clients they snatched from Farwell Group. If the deals with all three of them encountered problems, it would be disastrous.
Soon, he received feedback after making the two phone calls— both numbers were also terminated. Danny became terrified. He hurriedly searched the contact details of the three clients' companies. According to the information provided on the internet, he dialed the numbers with trembling hands.
The result was the same—the calls couldn't be connected at all.
Danny didn't know how to report that to Shawn. He felt so disconcerted that his head was about to explode. Shawn was initially enjoying a glass of red wine at his villa, planning to go for a swim later.
However, he was no longer in the mood for that. Danny hasn't gotten back to me after so long, which means something must have gone wrong.
He swiftly changed his clothes, got into his Bentley, and headed to the company.
When he arrived at the CEO's office, Danny was already standing by the entrance, the latter's face gloomy as if he had been constipated for years.
“Did everything go wrong?” Shawn pushed the door open and walked in.
Before receiving Danny's reply, he had already thought of the most probable reason behind the occurrence of that predicament. Perhaps all of this is a trap set by Lucian to trick me. Damn it!
Shawn's eyes darkened while Danny shivered and lowered his head, not daring to look up. At that moment, someone knocked on the door. “Mr. Crawford, a guest sent over a flower basket and insisted you view it.”
After all, that was their first day of moving into the building. Many guests had been sending flower baskets to them since morning.
Most of the gifts were either placed downstairs or at the entrance of the company.
Danny frowned. Who is this impertinent businessman who ridiculously requested Mr. Crawford to look at a flower basket in person?
He immediately snapped at the secretary, “Don't bother Mr. Crawford with such trivial matters! Just find a place to put it.”
A troubled look spread across the secretary's face. “Ms. Crawford told me to send it over, and the sender of this flower basket is Lucian from Farwell Group.”
Shawn grimaced and instantaneously strode out of the office, startling the secretary. “As expected, he's the culprit.” Shawn riveted his eyes on Lucian's name. “Haha, what a provocation!” The secretary was utterly frightened by Shawn's facial expression which was now contorted with barely suppressible rage.
Danny hurriedly stepped out of the office to take a look too. Colors drained from his face as he glared at the secretary. Isn't this just a deliberate attempt to get on Mr. Crawford's nerves? So, those three clients actually pretended to betray Lucian and scammed a large sum from us that amounted to several hundred million.
Ultimately, Shawn restrained himself from smashing the flower basket as doing so would be beneath him. However, that would leave him with no outlet to vent the anger within his chest. Without saying a word, he turned around and returned to his office, slamming the door shut behind him.
Not long after, loud sounds of the office getting thrashed, and s being shattered reverberated incessantly in the air. 
###Chapter 1847
Chapter 1847
Chapter 1847 Jibe
That night, Shawn received a phone call from his family and endured a torrent of scolding for half an hour.
Coralie also wore a grim expression as she knew Shawn's failure to manage the company well would mean she had to return to the north and face those decrepit old folks again.
The northern climate was too dry and had deleterious effects on her skin. Nevertheless, her mood remained upbeat because she had successfully invited Jonathan for a meetup.
Coralie had asked him out by using the excuse of wanting to reimburse him for the car damage, but he had rejected her flatly. Then, after a bit of coaxing, he finally agreed to let her treat him to a meal as an expression of her apology.
Through constant inquiries with Frieda, Coralie finally understood Jonathan's personality better. He was a relatively rigid person. Regardless, she found his cool character to be attractive.
When Shawn exited his room, Frieda hurriedly served him a glass of coffee, not daring to say much as she worried that any attempt to comfort him might only upset him further.
“Shawn, it's just a few hundred million. There's no need for them to be so mad. | don't know what those old folks at home are thinking, fussing over this insignificant amount of money. Competing with Farwell Group is bound to involve losses. Didn't you also cause Lucian to lose money recently? This just proves that he's a worthy opponent.”
Coralie's consolation struck a chord and immediately calmed Shawn down. Even his tense expression somewhat relaxed.
“You're right! Still, we can confirm Lucian is targeting us now. In that case, there's no need for us to be furtive anymore. We shall face him head-on. But I'm curious why those Epean clients are so hard to sway. Are they really that loyal to Lucian, or does he possess some dirt on them?”
This time, Shawn suffered a loss without fully grasping the reason behind his defeat. Coralie contemplated for a few moments but couldn't provide him with an answer either.
Frieda hesitated to speak. Noticing that, Shawn flashed a faint smile and said, “If you have something to share, go ahead. You probably know more than we do.”
Only then did Frieda begin to explain in a soft tone, “I heard from my brother that Lucian personally nurtured these Epean clients from scratch, so they likely reported to him right after we contacted them. | even suspect Mr. Paolo's visit was specifically to locate us.”
Coralie narrowed her eyes and chimed in, “So, Mr. Paolo deliberately pretended to be a lecher to lower our guard. At the same time, Lucian arranged for the other two people to cooperate with Mr. Paolo to swindle our goods. A group of three clients was just right—not too many to raise suspicion, yet not too few to make us feel unmotivated.”
After listening to her analysis, Shawn mulled over his erroneous judgment. In the end, he gritted his teeth and said, “Ultimately, we underestimated Lucian.”
“Indeed. Lucian's working style is very complicated, sometimes sincere, sometimes domineering, and sometimes cunning, making him hard to predict,” Frieda said ively after she noticed Shawn had regained his rationality.
Coralie curled the corner of her lips into a sneer. “Shawn, he really is your biggest rival in this lifetime. You must try harder to avoid suffering overly humiliating defeats.”
Shawn shot a cold glance at his sister, warning her, “That goes without saying. I'll bear my own responsibilities. As for you, | suggest you practice more caution when interacting with Jonathan to avoid revealing anything to him. Frieda mentioned her brother has little interest in women, so you shouldn't be too confident either.”
The siblings jibed at one another in a lighthearted manner.
Frieda figured she would need more time to adapt to that kind of atmosphere. To the best of her recollection, her arguments with her own brother would always escalate quickly. 
###Chapter 1848
Chapter 1848
Chapter 1848 The Perfect Match Lucian and Jonathan talked business over coffee in the mansion. There had been no further progress in the investigation of the cause of the accident.
Upon discovering that his sister was employed in Shawn's company, Jonathan wanted to call her back for questioning, but Lucian stopped him.
“It was Shawn who asked Old Mr. Lomax to help us. Though it was Roxanne who had synthesized the antidote, Old Mr. Lomax's help was crucial. | believe Shawn wouldn't stoop to employ such tactics. We can eliminate his involvement with confidence.”
Jonathan nodded. The logic was sound.
The Crawford family from up north was prestigious, controlling many estates and societal elites. Coming from such a family, Shawn would be discreet if he were to be unscrupulous.
“Have you been taking your medicine regularly?” Lucian suddenly asked.
Jonathan nodded. “I have been taking Roxanne's traditional medicine as prescribed. Dr. Xander told me to go back for a follow- up at the end of the month.”
“That's good. Madilyn is very concerned about your condition,” Lucian reminded him subtly, hoping Jonathan would be able to pick up the hint.
To his surprise, Jonathan looked a little embarrassed. “Yes, Dr. Xander has a gentle personality and genuinely cares for people.” Lucian narrowed his eyes. There seems to be something going on here. Did something happen after our last visit to the orphanage for donations?
However, he did not feel comfortable asking about it. As Jonathan had always maintained a serious demeanor around him, he could only behave the same.
Noticing something unusual in Lucian's gaze, Jonathan asked, “What's wrong, Lucian?” “N-Nothing! Keep an eye on Shawn from now on. He lost this time, so he definitely won't take it lying down.” Jonathan nodded, secretly admiring Lucian in his heart.
Shawn could not have been more secretive, yet Lucian not only guessed his intentions but also responded quickly enough to outmaneuver him.
The pair chatted a little longer until Jonathan announced that he had an appointment and needed to leave. Lucian's expression grew grim. He gave a call to Cayden and made some arrangements.
He completely upgraded the security system of the research institute and added more bodyguards at the research institute, the hospital, and the office.
In addition, her vehicle would be inspected every day before she got in. Jonathan arrived at the agreed-upon restaurant at noon. Coralie leaped to her feet with joy and waved both arms enthusiastically to greet him when she saw him.
Her infectious charm was evident to many patrons in the restaurant.
Jonathan recognized her as the woman who had crashed into him the other night.
“Hello, Miss. There's no need to spend so much. My car isn't badly damaged, anyway.” Jonathan walked over to the table, but he showed no signs of wanting to sit.
Coralie beamed, her eyes crinkling. “Think of it as having a meal with me, Mr. Queen. That wouldn't take up too much of your time, would it?”
“All right, then.” Jonathan nodded and sat down.
Having learned about Jonathan's preferences from Frieda, Coralie already knew his favorite food in advance. Everything she ordered was something he enjoyed, and that surprised him.
“Do you like this dish too, Ms. Crawford? What a coincidence. Me too! This place is famous for its beef tenderloins. Are you a local?”
As they ate, Coralie felt she was finally bridging the gap between herself and Jonathan. Throughout it all, she never revealed her identity and of course, she would not tell him she had learned about him from Frieda.
She wanted to make him feel as though they were the perfect match. 
###Chapter 1849
Chapter 1849
Chapter 1849 Out Of Ideas
Elektra arrived aboard the cruise ship.
“The plan has failed. Sonya is determined to be a good mother-in-law and won't be suspecting Roxanne at all.” Looking dejected, Elektra awaited Christina's response.
Christina's face contorted with rage.
“Goddammit. Why did nothing happen to Sonya? She trusts Roxanne so much, doesn't she? Very well, then. We'll have to make Roxanne suspect her,” Christina said through gritted teeth, her voice laced with menace.
“I'm afraid that won't be easy to do. Your plan has alerted them. Lucian has since increased security around Roxanne.”
“What are you afraid of? We'll start with the children! | have nothing left to lose, anyway. | haven't been afraid of anything for a long time. It was my fault for not being cruel enough to wipe out the three little shits earlier! Everything would have been so much better now if | had!”
Elektra felt the hairs on her back stand on end from the cold gust of foreboding rushing to her scalp. She suddenly realized what a grave mistake it was to work with Christina.
This woman holds a grudge. Nothing is beneath her at this point. If anything happens, she can just escape back to Hawen to be with her Mr. Goldstein.
Elektra's eyes darkened for a moment, which made Christina glare at her. “What is it? Are you worried that I'll mess up?” Christina asked in a teasing tone. Elektra remained composed. “You said we won't harm them directly. It seems that you're out of ideas.”
Christina's expression froze, but she quickly gathered herself. “Acting against the children is indeed rather idiotic. It's fine if you don't want to go along with it. We'll think of something else.”
That night, Roxanne finished the broth Sonya made and felt its warmth extend to her heart.
Emerging from the study, Lucian hugged her gently from the back.
“Please have your mother stop cooking for me, Lucian. I'm no longer in pain. Besides, she hasn't fully recovered yet.” Roxanne had been having broth for the past few days, and her period had already ended.
She knew deep down that Sonya was trying to make amends.
However, Sonya's perseverance convinced Roxanne that she had changed her mind regarding her.
Perhaps Sonya had really changed.
“Don't take it to heart. Let her do it since she's willing to. She actually thinks the same way as | do. The Farwell family owes you and the children a great deal.”
Reveling in her scent, Lucian gathered her long black hair and tucked it behind her shoulder.
Unable to help himself, he kissed her on the cheek.
Instinctively, something within him stirred.
The wolf that had starved for days cornered its prey.
Roxanne's cheeks turned pink. She tilted her head, and an intent to reciprocate rose in her eyes.
However, the words that came next dampened Lucian's fire.
“We'll wait two more days.”
Lucian could do nothing else but let go of her. “I'll go take a cold shower, then.”
Roxanne laughed, looking pleased with herself at the sight of his resentment. “Be careful not to catch a cold!”
The sound of rushing water could be heard from the bathroom soon after. Roxanne returned to the study, picked up her book, and turned her attention to the Cerulean Needle Technique. 
###Chapter 1850
Chapter 1850
Chapter 1850 Never Be Apart Again
At the entrance of the City Hall, Roxanne's thoughts drifted back to the past as she held the marriage certificate in her hands. She had gotten married to Lucian for the first time under similarly ill-prepared circumstances.
However, Lucian had been in a rush back then. He had driven off and tasked Cayden with sending her home after obtaining the marriage certificate as though it was just a notice.
Now, however, Lucian was smartly dressed with a bouquet of roses in his hand, and he was smiling from ear to ear.
“What made you want to get our marriage certificate before doing anything else?” Lucian walked over and unabashedly kissed Roxanne on the forehead.
Many other couples who were waiting for their turn could not tear their eyes from them. The man is devastatingly handsome, and the woman's beauty is equally breathtaking.
“Let's register first, as we have lots to do. You have proposed, anyway. | want the children to settle down as soon as possible. When we return, | have to transfer Archie's and Benny's accounts to your name.”
Roxanne smiled as she ran him through her plans. She only had eyes for his serious-looking face. The tenderness in his gaze was what she had looked forward to for years.
“You're joking, right? You're now a rich woman too. The inheritance rights of the Farwell family won't appeal to you.” Lucian handed her the bouquet of roses, then produced his phone and turned on the front camera.
Bending over slightly, he pressed his cheek against Roxanne's.
“What are you doing?” Roxanne was taken aback.
“Smile! I'm uploading a picture of us as my first post on Instagram!” Lucian said. Roxanne looked at the camera and smiled brightly, brimming with pure happiness. After taking several pictures in a row, Lucian began to write a caption.
“Isn't this inappropriate? Your followers are important clients or close family members. Don't you have to portray a stern persona? That's the reason why you've never uploaded anything over the years, isn't it?” Roxanne cautioned hesitantly.
Lucian shook his head. “You're the reason why I'm learning to change.”
Roxanne was stunned by those words. At the same time, she was curious about the caption he wrote. Hand in hand until the end? Or is he telling the world that he loves me?
She quickly fished out her phone and refreshed her app, eager to see what Lucian had posted. Looking up, she met his twinkling eyes.
At the same time, his caption appeared when the app loaded.
The caption read: From this moment forth, we will never be apart again.
He even included a photograph of their marriage certificate.
“How unoriginal!” Roxanne teased, feeling a sweetness warming her from the inside.
Lucian flashed her a captivating smile. “After this, | can begin documenting everything about the children and us on Instagram.” Roxanne nodded. Upon noticing the increasing number of onlookers, she urged Lucian to leave.
“Let's go. Next up, wedding photos. We'll pick our outfits today. Do you have any requests for the location?” Lucian led her by the hand as they walked toward the car.
She shook her head, not minding very much where they took the photographs.
As long as the pictures are taken with him, they will be beautiful no matter where we go.
However, Roxanne underestimated the difficulty of taking wedding photographs.
Her initial assumption was that picking outfits would not be a problem.
Upon arriving at the bridal shop and seeing the array of beautiful dresses, however, she was seized by an impulse to try them all.
Even after two hours, she still could not make up her mind. 
###Chapter 1851
Chapter 1851
Chapter 1851 Sudden Visit
Roxanne was surprised to find out how exhausting it was to take wedding photographs. In order to strike attractive poses, she was forced to remain still for close to ten minutes at a time.
Toward the end, she could not even force a smile. Fortunately, Lucian's lighthearted demeanor throughout it all kept her spirits up.
When it was finally over, she protested vehemently when Lucian mentioned a few other locations they were expected to be at. “Mr. Farwell, Ms. Jarvis, with your looks and usual attire, any location would make a great backdrop for your wedding photos.”
The photographer, a young woman, could not help but marvel at the stunning couple before her. They were undoubtedly the most beautiful pair she had ever photographed. There was almost no need for post-production retouching later on.
She offered to come along during the honeymoon and take vacation photographs if Roxanne was done for the day. Roxanne agreed at once. Lucian, too, did not voice any ions.
Upon returning home, the children, whom Cayden had dropped off, learned their parents had just taken wedding photographs and immediately surrounded them and asked to see the pictures.
“Mommy, you must be the most beautiful bride in the world in the wedding dress.”
“Where are the photos, Daddy? We want to see them!”
“Wow! Daddy is pretty handsome, but Mommy is better looking. She's more beautiful than a movie star.” The children's flattery was worth the pain of the entire day.
Lucian and Roxanne exchanged a glance and a knowing smile.
The children were still chattering away when the family sat down for dinner, asking when the wedding would take place and where the honeymoon would be. They even asked if they would be getting a younger sibling.
The couple could only lament the fact that the children were growing up too quickly.
Suddenly, a car entered the porch. Since the butler granted it entry, they assumed it was somebody they knew. Elektra's appearance during dinner took them by surprise.
One usually does not visit others during their meal unless it is urgent. It's basic courtesy.
However, Elektra could not hold it in any longer.
She had seen the photograph of the couple's marriage certificate on Lucian's Instagram and how intimate they were in their picture.
She panicked and even despaired.
God did not even give her a chance.
Feeling utterly helpless, she was desperate to do something to alleviate the pain in her heart.
Christina had been scornful. “So what if they got married again? They got divorced once before, didn't they? How can you be certain that he won't leave Roxanne again? Of course, your only other chance will only come from me.”
Clutching at Christina's plan as though it was her lifeline, Elektra agreed to carry out the next phase.
Unable to contain her panic, she drove to the Farwell residence during dinner.
She was not there to see Lucian. Instead, she wanted to clear her mind.
Pestering Lucian would only arouse Roxanne's suspicions, and at the same time, drive Lucian further away from her.
“Lucian, Roxanne, congratulations on registering your marriage today!” Suppressing her emotions as she crossed the threshold, Elektra dutifully played the part of a friend and gave them her blessing.
Roxanne and Lucian waved her over, and the children called her to join them for dinner.
Elektra declined tactfully, “I had a late lunch today. I've been coming up with a business plan of late, so my meals have been irregular. By the way, Roxanne, | have something to discuss with you.”
Having thought she had come for Lucian, Roxanne was caught off-guard.
She nodded, set her cutlery down, and entered the living room with her guest. 
###Chapter 1852
Chapter 1852
Chapter 1852 Dream Partner
Lucian was also curious about what Elektra wanted to discuss with Roxanne. However, he didn't need to ask, as she would tell him afterward.
Producing some premium coffee beans he had been gifted and having it brewed for them, he then brought the children upstairs for a game of chess.
Archie and Benny were improving rapidly, which required him to concentrate and play to the best of his abilities. Meanwhile, Estella returned to work on her designs.
“Can | start a company, Daddy?” Estella asked suddenly. “I want to bring my designs of children's apparel to life and see if people like them.”
Lucian waved his hand, signifying his approval. Starting a company is a small matter. Overjoyed, Estella turned her attention back to her draft.
Lucian only regained his senses after the game. What did | just promise Estella? That's right—to start a company for children's apparel! It's not a bad investment to make. Besides, my talented daughter is worth a shot.
Lucian became serious. After instructing the boys to take a break, he gave Cayden a call to initiate plans for registering the company the following day.
“Think about it carefully, Essie. What would you like to name it?”
Estella stopped what she was doing and gave it some thought. She even asked for her brothers’ help, but after they came up with a few names, she remained unsatisfied. At last, she decided to take a few days to mull it over.
Downstairs in the living room, Elektra learned from small talk with Roxanne that she had taken her wedding photographs that day. Elektra couldn't help feeling jealous inside.
However, her expression did not betray her. Instead, she showered them with praise about how good they looked.
Noticing that she still had not gotten to the point, Roxanne became curious. What could it be that is so difficult to broach? Does she need money? Or does she want my help in treating someone?
“I've been back in the country for quite some time, Roxanne, and have been looking for an investment opportunity. Unfortunately, | haven't found anything yet, and it's been frustrating. | spent the whole of last night brainstorming, and an idea finally came to me. That is why I came so urgently to see you as soon as | woke up.”
“Investment? How does this pertain to me?” Roxanne became puzzled when Elektra had, at last, arrived at the point. Wouldn't something like this be more appropriate to discuss with Lucian?
Farwell Group had an abundance of money, resources, and connections. It was the partner every entrepreneur dreamed of doing business with.
“Indeed. This is an opportunity only suited for you.” Elektra's eyes flashed with excitement. Even without the follow-up plans in place, the tip given by Christina was an excellent investment.
Roxanne was rather dubious, so Elektra continued, “Your research institute has some of the most advanced research and development techniques in the country. Have you considered that a small modification to the pharmaceutical products you're already working on would make it possible to produce cosmeceutical products? At the moment, the domestic market for cosmeceutical products is inconsistent, with most consumers prefer foreign luxury brands. This is a massive opportunity for us. Let's be partners and start a company specializing in cosmeceutical products. You don't have to do anything except research and development, and I'll handle the rest. That way, it won't interfere with other aspects of your research.”
Elektra spoke so quickly that her cheeks flushed with excitement. If | do this well, the promise it holds could even surpass my family's business.
Roxanne's doubts dissipated after she listened to it. She began to consider the matter carefully. 
###Chapter 1853
Chapter 1853
Chapter 1853 Admiration
“Technique is the first step of production, so our company will be split seventy-thirty, with you holding majority stakes. You shall hold the position of CEO while I'll be the executive general manager. The company will be registered under your name. That is the best offer | can come up with as a gesture of sincerity.”
Elektra came to Roxanne with the mindset of an entrepreneur pitching her idea.
She had even done her homework and could provide in-depth explanations pertaining to market analysis, product pricing, and brand building.
What she displayed was a fervent passion for the product.
To her, the best person to go into business with was Roxanne. Roxanne's research institute could uncover the composition of herbal compounds, which was the aspect their fellow countrymen trusted the most.
She even knew that Roxanne had developed a drug for endocrine regulation, which also happened to have a convenient side effect of reducing acne.
At last, after careful consideration, Roxanne deemed the investment feasible.
“| must conduct a meeting with my colleagues at the research institute about this investment opportunity. Forgive me for not being able to agree immediately.”
Roxanne could have made that decision on her own, but she just came up with a pretext. Although the staff at the research institute trusted her completely, she wanted to get Lucian's opinion as his business experience far exceeded hers.
In fact, Roxanne could even form a partnership with Farwell Group. It would eliminate the need to approach Elektra. However, it would be a betrayal of Elektra's trust since she was the one who proposed this idea.
Elektra nodded, suppressing the panic within her. “Sure. Many people's interests are at stake, after all. Take a couple of days to think about it before getting back to me.”
After that, Roxanne discussed some of the details with her. Elektra handled them all with ease. She had come well-prepared. At that moment, she even felt her loyalty swaying.
Although Christina had given her the plan with the intention of seeking revenge on Roxanne, the opportunity the investment held was too promising. The Lane family's standing could be raised significantly if she succeeded. She, on the other hand, would become somebody who had accomplished something.
Two hours later, Elektra left the Farwell residence. She did not even bid Lucian farewell.
Returning upstairs, Roxanne urged the children to shower and tuck themselves in.
“You two were talking for a long time. Seems like it was something really important, wasn't it?” Lucian was curious. Roxanne was still in disbelief that Elektra would come to her to talk about a partnership.
Madilyn once warned me that Elektra's a childhood friend of Lucian’s. In fact, Elektra wanted to go with him alone on the mission to help Nicholas had he not dragged me along. What's going on in her head? Could | be overthinking? Does she seriously intend to make something of herself?
After mulling it over for a long time and realizing that Lucian was waiting for her response, Roxanne recounted the discussion regarding the investment opportunity. Lucian listened with rapt attention. His eyes were filled with approval.
“It's a solid idea. | have considered this once, but | was worried it might mean more work for you. Now that Elektra is willing to handle the operations, it seems like a promising investment opportunity.”
As long as Roxanne was the one in control, Lucian did not see the need to compete for the business. That was also a significant factor in how he managed to secure partnerships with many influential families for Farwell Group.
“Are you saying that it's doable? Just as well. | have priced the products very low, so the research institute's profit margin is quite poor. I've always felt bad about not being able to offer better perks to the R&D staff. But with cosmeceutical products, we have a chance to make a difference. If we can build a brand and capture some of the market shares from the luxury Epean brands, we could set up more factories domestically and create more jobs.”
There was a twinkle in Lucian's eyes as he listened to Roxanne. His admiration for her grew even more.
Her ability to think things through and anticipate potential outcomes has been improving. 
###Chapter 1854
Chapter 1854
Chapter 1854 Leverage
“You're not the only one who negotiated a project tonight. |, too, have agreed to an excellent business proposal,” Lucian announced with a smile.
Roxanne froze. He did not take one step out of the house. Who did he discuss business with? Her curiosity grew when she took in his secretive demeanor. What investment could have made him this happy? It took some probing before Lucian finally decided to share the news.
“I'm investing in our talented designer, of course! Essie asked me to start a company for her. She wants to gain a foothold in the children's apparel market.”
Roxanne was stunned. “Are you sure? Aren't you afraid of making a loss? Essie is indeed talented, but this decision may be too hastily made. What happens if she makes you suffer a loss? | don't want her to be under any pressure.”
Lucian gazed at her steadily. At last, Roxanne admitted to herself after further thought that she had indeed thought too much. Given Farwell Group's wealth, it would not make the slightest dent even if Estella bankrupted one company a day for ten years.
“Don't worry. Estella has plenty of time to try new designs. If she can't manage, we'll hire local designers to work with her. Our child's dream is what's important.”
Although Lucian could afford to make losses, he was strangely confident in his daughter's designs.
“My dear, the father of my children, you're spoiling them too much.”
Lucian was momentarily taken aback by his new moniker. He found it interesting.
Immediately, he pulled her into an embrace. “We got married today, the mother of my children. Does that mean...” Roxanne's cheeks flushed crimson. She became unusually silent.
Taking her silence as consent, Lucian swept her off her feet and carried her into the bedroom.
“The children aren't asleep yet!” she protested.
“They want a younger sibling and are counting on us. We can't let them down.”
Elektra arrived aboard the cruise ship to see Christina.
“Mr. Goldstein's business obligations require me to return to Hawen tonight, but | have left behind several of my men to gather information. They can assist you at any time, so feel free to call me whenever you need them,” Christina drawled.
Leaving Horington this time is different from the last. | had fled before in a pathetic state, like a wreck.
Elektra nodded, aware that the men left behind might also be keeping an eye on her.
The fragility of their alliance was apparent to both of them, even without words.
“I'm guessing that Roxanne will most likely agree. Gain her trust at the start by keeping your head down and doing things well. Do them so well that even Lucian doesn't suspect a thing. Later on, we strike.”
Christina detected Elektra's hesitance with her sharp eyes.
This woman's resolve is not strong enough because she lacks hatred. | need to fan the flames.
“| think you know very well what happened to the Pearson family. Since they have announced their marriage, their relationship with the Lane family will only weaken. Your family will lose all hope if you don't fight for it.”
Elektra nodded. Although she did not like the woman very much, she was forced to admit that she was right. The partnership with Roxanne must be done well, whichever way | look at it.
“Got it. We'll stick to the plan,” Elektra replied firmly.
The sudden appearance of a weight on her heart made her realize that it was too late to turn back now.
Her visits to Christina had been captured on film to be used as leverage against her. 
###Chapter 1855
Chapter 1855
Chapter 1855 Good Terms
Sonya made a beeline for the mansion as soon as morning arrived.
The children were already awake and were impatiently waiting for their grandmother to come bearing delicious gifts. Sonya had started by tracking down local delicacies and buying them for the children.
However, possibly because she was displeased at the lack of authenticity, she decided to make them herself.
That morning, she brought them some osmanthus cake.
Roxanne woke up to find her body feeling as if it had rattled apart from the torture she had been put through.
She even wondered if Lucian had snuck a pill to deliver his exceptionally fearsome performance.
While he slept, she quickly tiptoed to get dressed, then headed down the stairs to greet Sonya.
“You're here early, Mom!” she greeted, stunning Sonya for several seconds.
Arriving down the stairs, Roxanne saw the children already in the kitchen having the time of their lives sampling delicacies.
Sonya walked over, carrying another portion plainly meant for Roxanne. After she regained her composure, she smiled brightly and said, “Come, try these cakes | made!”
Roxanne nodded. This change in greeting feels natural.
That was how she had greeted Sonya in the past before it became Mrs. Farwell.
Now that she was married, Roxanne no longer felt the need to be shy.
As soon as Sonya set the pastries down, she hurried out to her car and returned with a large but flat-looking purse.
“This is for you, Roxanne. A wedding gift from me. Inside you'll find a bank card and a title deed. There isn't much money on the card, but it's a lucky number. The deed, on the other hand, is for a beachside mansion that caught my eye when | saw it with a friend recently. You can bring the children over for a vacation in the future.”
Roxanne was stunned. Having thought of the gesture as merely a formality, she was surprised to discover that Sonya had planned it with so much thought.
With a polite smile, she accepted it graciously, “Thank you, Mom!” Sonya beamed. “There is no need to thank me. It's what | should do. Let me know if there's ever anything you need.” She had never dared hope for Roxanne to greet her like that again, thinking it would take several years.
Upon closer reflection, Sonya realized that her daughter-in-law was a straightforward person. Since the day she admitted her mistake, Roxanne had not embarrassed her once.
In fact, it made her feel even more ashamed of the things she had done in the past. How stupid | was!
As she sampled the cake, Roxanne praised Sonya's culinary skills once more. The children, too, were enjoying themselves. After she was done, Roxanne returned upstairs to retrieve a set of clothes from her walk-in closet that she had bought for Sonya. She had prepared it beforehand and planned to gift it once she obtained her marriage certificate.
“| hope you like this set of clothes, Mom. It should fit you. Why don't you try it on?”
Sonya took the clothes with trembling hands. She was so touched that her eyes became misty.
“All right. I'll go upstairs to try it on. This is just the style | like!”
Roxanne was surprised that such affordable clothes could make Sonya so happy.
Ah well, people are complicated. In the past, Sonya wouldn't have shown any interest in anything | bought for her. Soon after, Sonya descended the stairs wearing the new clothes. It fitted her perfectly and accentuated her beauty. After all, Sonya was once considered the most beautiful woman in her socialite circle.
“It suits me well! You have such good taste, Roxanne,” Sonya praised.
“You flatter me. | don't think | have a good eye for fashion! Tell me if you're not happy with it, and I'll exchange it for something else.”
“That's not necessary. | like this very much.” With both sides on good terms, many unnecessary problems were avoided.
When Lucian woke up, Roxanne went upstairs to show off her gift, then prepared to head for the research institute after kissing him goodbye.
Although she knew everybody in the research institute would be at her beck and call, she intended to discuss Elektra’s partnership proposal with them and see if there were any avenues she had yet considered.
Meanwhile, Sonya would send the children to the kindergarten. 
###Chapter 1856
Chapter 1856
Chapter 1856 Sign The Agreements
The executives of the research institute concluded their meeting with a unanimous agreement to venture into the cosmeceutical industry.
Such an endeavor would not only improve their livelihood but would also net them more funds to conduct costlier experiments. With her excellent memory, Roxanne recounted most of the details.
Fully convinced, the group had nothing else to add.
At last, however, Roxanne called Lucian to ascertain its feasibility once more.
“Go for it. Since Elektra is on board to invest and most of the shares are yours, I'd say give it a shot.”
Lucian's affirmation made Roxanne feel more at ease.
That afternoon, she called Elektra to express her agreement and also ask when the capital could be secured.
Elektra told her she would be getting thirty million for the first phase, seventy million for the second phase, and additional funding as needed for the third phase.
Best of all, the capital could be secured on the same day.
Roxanne was impressed by her partner's efficiency. She immediately instructed Linda to expedite the company registration process.
That evening, Roxanne gathered the core personnel, including Peregrine and his team, and took them to a hotel. Elektra, accompanied by some investors who had a long-standing business relationship with her family, met them there to sign the agreements.
It was in that simple manner that the partnership began. After the formalities, the feast began.
However, it soon became plain that both sides did not belong in the same social circle. Roxanne's people were all researchers who had nothing in common with the investors.
As a result, Roxanne had Linda make the arrangements to send them back after the meal.
The investors did not take offense. Instead, they chatted and drank among themselves before leaving not long after.
At last, only Roxanne and Elektra were left.
Roxanne raised her glass. “Here's to a successful partnership, Ms. Lane,” she said happily, inclining her head.
“You don't have to be so formal with me, Roxanne. Just call me Elektra as Lucian does. From today on, we're partners.” Elektra admired Roxanne's ability to be certain about such a large investment given such a short amount of time.
She's decisive enough to grab hold of an opportunity that presents itself. |, on the other hand, can't even compare with Christina. This whole thing was her idea.
“All right. We are allies now. From here on out, things are going to be tougher on your end. We will spend almost the whole thirty million from the first phase. The capital of the second phase, which will be used to build the factory, needs to be ready on hand.”
In simple terms, Roxanne lay out her needs, to which Elektra readily agreed.
After several more glasses of wine, Roxanne suddenly received a call from Madilyn, who sounded morose. Startled, she bid Elektra farewell and headed for the hospital.
Upon arriving, she headed straight to the director's office. Pushing open the door, she saw Madilyn looking all sad. Madilyn looked up. Her eyes were red.
“What happened? Who did this? Tell me!” Roxanne's heart twinged painfully when she saw her usually cheerful best friend in that state.
She went over, hugged her, and patted her shoulder.
Madilyn gave Roxanne a squeeze as her tears rolled down her cheeks. “My mom might not make it, Roxanne.” Roxanne froze for several seconds.
Upon regaining her composure, she asked, “What happened? Tell me everything. Don't be sad. She could still make it.”
Madilyn seemed even more dejected after seeing Roxanne panic. “I'm a doctor too, Roxanne. | can tell that she might not survive her heart attack.” 
###Chapter 1857
Chapter 1857
Chapter 1857 Almost Gone
Throughout the years, Madilyn had rarely talked about her family. Having known her for years, Roxanne had never probed because she could tell that her friend did not wish to discuss it.
The only things Roxanne knew were that Madilyn's family lived in the northwest and that she was in constant contact with her mother.
Naturally, Roxanne became acquainted with Madilyn's mother, Lorraine Xander, through numerous video calls. Madilyn took her mother's last name.
“Where is Mdm. Xander now?” Roxanne asked. “Have you brought her in? I'll take a look at her first, then | want all the reports you have on her condition. Now's not the time to wallow in sadness. Lest you forget, I'm a miracle worker!”
Madilyn knew that Roxanne's medical skills had solved many impossible cases and cured many patients the hospital deemed incurable.
Besides, she was learned in ancient medicine.
This time, however, Madilyn did not dare hold on to any hope. Based on her own years of medical experience, she could tell her mother might not make it this time.
Her heart was gradually failing. Then, her other organs would break down until they were all beyond repair.
Not only did she fear her disappointment worsening if she regained any hope, but she also did not want to put pressure on Roxanne.
“She's here, Roxanne, at our hospital. Let's go. I'll take you to her.” After wiping her tears, Madilyn composed herself and led Roxanne toward the inpatient department. Roxanne was shocked upon entering the ward and seeing Lorraine, who was sound asleep. “How did she become so thin?”
Compared to the video call two months ago, her cheeks seemed to have shrunk, and her eyes had sunken. The skin on her exposed arms had sagged pitifully.
“After our last video call two months ago,” Madilyn choked out, “Mom didn't want to turn on her camera anymore and insisted on sticking to voice call. | was so stupid not to have seen that she was hiding the increasing severity of her heart disease. | thought she was stable.”
Roxanne's heart sank when she saw how emaciated Lorraine looked.
| was going to greet her and ask her how she was feeling.
Given how deeply she is sleeping, she might be borderline comatose. | may not have the chance to ask her. Roxanne did not say much else. Instead, she took the patient's pulse.
Lorraine's skin felt frighteningly cold.
Grasping her stick-thin wrist, Roxanne felt her heart wrench with pain.
Her pulse was so weak that it was almost disappearing.
Roxanne's heart lurched. Indeed, she's almost gone.
However, she did not voice her fears. She turned to face Madilyn and said, “Don't worry. There's still hope. Let her get some rest. We'll head back to the office to peruse her case files.”
Madilyn nodded. She picked up her mother's hand gently and tucked it back under the quilt.
The pair returned to the office and began examining all of the reports. Roxanne perused them with rapt attention while Madilyn explained how her mother had been battling a wildly-fluctuating illness for years.
In order to minimize the stress on her mother's heart, Madilyn only told her about things after they had been watered down. After examining the CT scan results for half an hour, Roxanne detected something strange in the patient's heart.
“Look at this, Madilyn. What's this? Why is there a little spot here?”
Madilyn leaned over and, after examining it for a long time, could not detect anything awry.
“This happens during the scanning process. Perhaps there was a period when the flow of the blood accelerated, causing this change.”
Roxanne's brow knitted together. It's true that something like this may happen.
However, she could not get rid of the feeling that the spot on Lorraine's CT scan result was different, but she could not put her finger on what it was. 
###Chapter 1858
Chapter 1858
Chapter 1858 Most Disgusting Man In This World
Roxanne studied it for a little longer. Just then, Lucian called her. She walked out of the office and filled him in on the situation.
“Mdm. Xander is in a critical state right now, so | might have to stay here tonight. | need to identify the problem as soon as possible and find a solution so | can save her,” said Roxanne seriously.
“Okay. Let me know right away if you need anything. Don't worry about the kids. I'll take good care of them. You should take care of yourself.”
No matter what, Lucian would always give Roxanne his firm support. His words filled Roxanne with a sense of warmth, and she entered the office again with newfound vigor.
Madilyn had stopped looking at the papers. She was staring at a picture of her and Lorraine in her phone, her expression blank. Before Roxanne could say anything, tears began to fall again from Madilyn's eyes.
“Roxanne, I'm so useless. | can't find any way to save my mom. I'm terrible!”
As Madilyn blamed herself woefully, tears continued to stream down her cheeks. Soon, she began sobbing.
Unable to think of any better words of comfort, Roxanne hugged Madilyn tightly with misty eyes.
“Roxanne, my mom has suffered so much. That sc*mbag abandoned the two of us and neglected us for more than twenty years. Aside from giving us money, he never visited us. | don't get why my mom is still foolishly waiting for him. There's no way he'll change his mind! He's the most disgusting man in this world.”
In her sorrow, Madilyn began to talk about her family.
Madilyn grew up in a single-parent family. When Lorraine was younger, she had fallen in love with the heir of an influential family, and that man had promised to marry her.
However, he was later put at a disadvantage in a fight with his brothers for inheritance, so he entered a marriage of convenience with the daughter of a prominent family to solidify his position.
“My mom was already pregnant with me at that time. She couldn't bear to abort me, so she bore all the responsibilities and gave birth to me. All these years, she won't even let me visit her for fear that that family would target me. In order to protect me, she always told me to stay away from her. That's why I'm in Horington most of the time and rarely go home. Roxanne, my mom has gone through so much, so when | saw you finally getting together with Lucian, | was really emotional. Sadly, my mom isn't as fortunate as you.”
When Roxanne heard her best friend reveal this long-time secret, mixed emotions flooded her, and her face crumpled. Madilyn's weeping slowly came to a stop as she opened up to Roxanne. Picking up a tissue, Roxanne wiped away Madilyn's tears.
She recomposed herself and put on a firm expression. “Madilyn, don't forget who we are. Now is not the time to be sad. We still have chances. Trust me!”
Madilyn lifted her head at those words and nodded heavily.
“Contact all the surgeons of the hospital right now and tell them to come in for overtime. Also, | need another CT scan of Mdm. Xander, but make her lie on her stomach this time. | need to find out more about that mark on the back of her heart. This could be our chance!”
With those instructions from Roxanne, Madilyn got to work immediately.
Roxanne also began her preparations. She called Lucian and asked him to find Cerulean Needle Technique from the study and have Cayden bring it to the hospital as soon as possible. 
###Chapter 1859
Chapter 1859
Chapter 1859 I Will Be The One To Operate
Late at night, a group of surgeons on full alert stood outside the operating room in one line.
Although none of them complained about having to work overtime, Roxanne felt ill at ease. Not only did she announce they would get three times the overtime pay for that night and additional bonuses, but she also ordered lots of takeout food for them.
Meanwhile, Madilyn carefully set Lorraine down on her stomach and began the CT scan. In no time, she submitted the CT images to Roxanne. Lucian arrived at that moment with Cerulean Needle Technique in his hand.
“Don't worry. I've asked Mom and Dad to come to our house and watch the kids. I'll stay with you tonight. You must be tired. Let me make some coffee for you.”
Lucian's presence gave Roxanne more confidence. She relaxed a little, and she was able to concentrate better.
After making coffee, Lucian blew it for a while to cool it down.
Roxanne's attention, however, was focused on the CT images. The CT images taken from the back were indeed clearer. As Roxanne had guessed, there was something wrong with that mark.
It was not just an ordinary mark. Roxanne pieced the images taken from different angles together and finally identified it to be a tiny oblong.
“As expected, it's a tumor.” Despite finding the cause of the problem, Roxanne could not cheer up. The tumor was positioned right on the aorta, which most, if not all doctors, dared not to operate on.
That was because no matter how careful and attentive a doctor was, there was a big possibility that the patient's blood vessels would burst, which would result in severe blood loss.
Asolemn look clouded Roxanne's face. The cup of coffee Lucian had passed her remained in her grip, but she had long forgotten about it.
At that moment, Madilyn hurried over.
When she saw Lucian, she wasn't sure what expression to make at him, so she simply nodded lightly. “Don't worry, Madilyn. Mdm. Xander will be fine,” Lucian comforted her.
In response, Madilyn flashed him a grateful look.
Roxanne quickly passed the CT images to Madilyn. She was certain the mark was a tumor blocking the blood flow in the aorta and causing long-term insufficient blood supply. That was the reason Lorraine suffered heart failure.
Madilyn's countenance darkened just like Roxanne's.
No signs of hope could be seen in Madilyn's helpless eyes at that point. “This is too dangerous! How are we going to perform surgery in this case?”
“If we don't operate on her, she will have a slow death. If we operate on her, she might not make it out of the operating room alive tonight!” Roxanne said loudly, startling Lucian.
As her eyes burned with determination, she gritted her teeth and said to Madilyn, “Let's do it. I'll be the one to operate on her with assistance from the other surgeons. Madilyn, I'll take responsibility for Mdm. Xander's life!”
There was a hint of somberness in her voice.
Madilyn looked up and shook her head. “Roxanne, don't give yourself so much pressure. This isn't your responsibility to take on. | really appreciate your thoughtfulness...”
She trailed off as tears began to well up in her eyes again.
However, Roxanne had no time to console Madilyn. She gulped down the coffee and strode out of the office, heading toward the operating room.
When she noticed Lucian following her, she requested, “Lucian, watch over Madilyn, will you? I'm worried she'll be too emotional and disrupt the surgery. She'll never muster the courage to do this surgery herself, so I'm the only one who can do it.”
Nodding firmly, Lucian couldn't help but feel impressed at how thoughtful Roxanne was.
It was true that Madilyn could possibly interrupt the surgery if she lost control of her emotions. 
###Chapter 1860
Chapter 1860
Chapter 1860 Success
All heart surgeries that involved opening up the patient's back were extremely risky.
As for an aorta surgery where they had to remove such a tiny tumor, the surgeons present had to first reflect if they had the mental strength and precise skills required for the surgery.
When Roxanne arrived at the operating room and told them about the plan, everyone's faces were grim. “Dr. Jarvis, is this really possible? In cases like this, we would usually suggest that the patient stick with conservative treatment.”
“That's right. This is too difficult. What if something bad happens? Dr. Jarvis, it's Dr. Xander's mother we're talking about here. The pressure you're feeling must be immense. Please consider this carefully!”
“It won't be too difficult if we're only going to provide support. However, it's worth noting that not a lot of doctors in our country are able to perform such a surgery.”
Roxanne remained unaffected while the doctors discussed among themselves. The fiery look in her eyes gradually calmed down as she found peace within herself.
Aclear mind and absolute concentration were essential to the surgery.
Instead of refuting the doctors’ doubts, she reassured them with a soft smile, “Don't worry, everyone. Don't forget that I'm Dr. Jarvis, who's also proficient in ancient medicine!”
With that, she extended her palm to show them her needle before quickly keeping it again. Right then, she looked just like a medical expert.
Roxanne was not putting on an act. She just wanted to loosen the doctors up so they could avoid making any mistakes during the surgery.
“Bring the patient in for the surgery,” she said to the nurse on duty. “Everyone, it's time to prepare for the surgery. Don't think of anything else. Just focus on doing well!”
Following that order from Roxanne, the operating room began bustling with activity. All lights were turned on, and the doctors changed into their scrubs.
Before entering the operating room, Roxanne took one last glance at the end of the corridor. Madilyn did not come. Roxanne figured she was genuinely scared to face the reality.
The surgery began. Time ticked by, and soon, two hours had passed.
Finally unable to take it, Madilyn dashed out of the director's office. Her sudden action caught Lucian off guard, but he swiftly caught up to her.
When they got to the operating room, Lucian stood in Madilyn's way.
“Don't worry, Mr. Farwell. | won't act so irrationally. | just want to stay closer while | wait for the good news from Roxanne. My mom will be fine, right?” Madilyn asked.
Not knowing what to say, Lucian nodded and watched her sit down on the chair.
Madilyn clasped her hands together and began mumbling a prayer.
One could only imagine how anxious and powerless she felt as the daughter of the woman lying on the operating table. Lucian could vaguely hear the commotion coming from the operating room.
Chaos had broken out inside.
“Her blood vessels ruptured! We can't stop the bleeding!”
“What do we do, Dr. Jarvis?”
“Pass me the hemostat! She's bleeding too much. This is going to cause an infection!” Roxanne's forehead was beaded with sweat even though her assistant had just wiped it for her moments ago.
While everyone else in the operating room was in a state of panic, she kept her composure and hurriedly put the hemostat in place.
At the same time, she picked up her needle.
Twenty minutes later, the doctors stared at Roxanne with their jaws dropped.
She had stopped the bleeding and removed the tumor, and she was now repairing the blood vessels. As more blood started to flow into Lorraine's heart, it began beating faster and stronger.
Under the mask, Roxanne's lips curled up slightly.
It was only then that she felt exhaustion taking over her body.
After cleaning up the blood, she asked the other doctors to finish up the final stitches.
The surgery was a success. 
###Chapter 1861
Chapter 1861
Chapter 1861 Read Her Mind
Roxanne walked out of the operating room and removed her mask. Flashing Madilyn a smile, she announced, “Madilyn, we succeeded!”
Madilyn shot up from her seat. Her body, which had been trembling nervously just a second ago, stiffened when she heard Roxanne.
Then, joy overtook her face.
She rushed forward and hugged Roxanne tightly.
“Thank you so much, Roxanne. Thank you for saving my mom. You're my savior! | don't know how | could ever repay you...” Roxanne embraced Madilyn and patted her back with her right hand.
“It's okay now. Everything is okay now. Mdm. Xander's heart failure has been cured. She'll be fine from now on,” she comforted. Tears of joy streaked Madilyn's face.
Standing at the side, Lucian gazed at Roxanne approvingly and gave her a thumbs up.
While Roxanne reminded Madilyn to take good care of Lorraine, fatigue swept over her.
“All right, | know. It's almost dawn already, so hurry and go home with Mr. Farwell. Have a good sleep. I'll take care of everything here,” said Madilyn with concern.
She had completely calmed down by then. Roxanne bobbed her head and left with Lucian.
As they were walking out of the hospital, she could hardly take another step because of how tired she was. In the end, Lucian bent down and piggybacked her to their car.
Upon getting into the back seat, Roxanne lay down and fell asleep in an instant.
Not wanting to disturb her, Lucian drove slowly and carefully.
When they arrived home, he was reluctant to wake her, but Roxanne got up on her own groggily. Lucian then carried her straight into their bedroom.
With such a reliable man by her side, Roxanne felt utterly content. The corners of her mouth turned up, and she drifted off with a soft smile.
She slept all the way until the evening. It was almost past dinnertime by the time she woke up.
Roxanne washed up and went downstairs. The sound of the children playing around reached her ears, and she greeted them happily.
Elias and Sonya were both in the dining room. At the sight of Roxanne, Sonya stopped feeding Estella and stood up. “Roxanne, I'll reheat the food for you. Give me a minute,” she said while walking into the kitchen.
“Mom, it's fine. | can do it myself,” Roxanne said.
Elias grinned and interjected, “Just let her do it. It's what she should do as your mother-in-law. Lucian told me about what happened. You worked so hard last night and saved Ms. Xander's mother. You're so impressive!”
“It's nothing much, Dad. After all, it's within my duty. | even had to bother you and Mom to look after the three kids.”
“Hahaha! We'd be delighted to take care of these three little ones every day! You should rest as much as you can when you have the chance. Don't busy yourself too much with the affairs at the research institute, too.”
Elias had always had Roxanne's great respect because of his generosity and open-mindedness. After Roxanne finished dinner, Lucian came home.
It was as if he could read Roxanne's mind as he brought bags of gifts and nutritional supplements that were perfect for a hospital visit. Once again, the two of them set off for the hospital.
Following over ten hours of meticulous care, Lorraine had woken up.
Madilyn stayed by her side at all times and monitored the electrocardiogram closely. She could see that Lorraine's heart rate was gradually returning to normal. With her heartbeat growing stronger, Lorraine didn't feel tired at all.
When Roxanne and Lucian entered the ward, they could see that Lorraine looked much healthier than before the surgery. This was a sign that she was getting enough blood supply.
“Mdm. Xander, we've come to visit you,” Roxanne chirped. 
###Chapter 1862
Chapter 1862
Chapter 1862 Snuggly After Lorraine woke up, she was very thankful and grateful for Roxanne.
Both Lucian and Roxanne didn't want to waste Lorraine’s time to rest. After a brief conversation with Lorraine, they left the hospital.
Once they returned to the mansion, Lucian immediately gave Jonathan a call.
It wasn't until then that Jonathan knew something so horrific had happened the night before. As such, he rushed over in the middle of the night to visit Lorraine.
Awhile later, Roxanne received a phone call from her best friend, who informed her that Jonathan had indeed been over to see her mother.
However, Madilyn's tone was considerably calmer this time. She was unlike before when she sounded as if she was a little girl longing for love and affection.
“Roxanne, my mom still lacks blood and hematopoietic function.
I'll take good care of her. | won't be thinking about anything else during this period of time.” “All right. Take good care of her. If there's anything you need, you can always come to me!” Roxanne could understand what Madilyn was going through right now.
Back then, after she gave birth to her children, Roxanne had completely abandoned any thoughts about love and relationship. She merely wanted to raise her children well.
During that period of time, women were extremely calm and composed. But at the same time, there were also expecting something and validation. Life continued mundanely for a month.
During that time, Benny was accompanied by his entire family as he competed in the Global Junior Computing Competition. He went on to earn first place in the tournament, unsurprisingly.
The competition was incomprehensible to outsiders.
However, Benny told his parents that some foreign hackers had exploited the opportunity of the competition to hack into a few prominent technical institutes by utilizing the organizing committee's system.
In short, they intended to steal information and data.
Benny tried his best to prevent and stop them from doing so. He also rallied some of the tech experts he met online to help him stop the foreign hackers.
Eventually, their plan succeeded.
When compared with the defensive battle within the same period, the challenge of winning first place in the competition was simply insignificant.
Meanwhile, Archie also participated in the variety show Mega Brain. Throughout the course of the show, Archie wore a mask to conceal his identity. He always attended recordings of the show in complete secrecy, so his true identity was never disclosed.
Even the production staff was unaware of his true identity.
Nevertheless, Archie became a sensation in Chanaea for his amazingly powerful memory that enabled him to identify subtle differences between over four thousand similar pictures.
On top of that, the production team included a clue from an ongoing criminal case in the test.
Eventually, Archie spotted the crucial difference within the clue and provided valuable evidence that helped solve the case, leading to the arrest of the real criminal.
For a whole week, all online media were reporting on the nickname “Chanaean Child Prodigy.”
As the media outlets tried to discover Archie's identity, their reporting grew more and more ridiculous. Someone even suspected that Archie was a robot instead.
Archie was amused upon learning about the rumors, while Benny would always tease him with it. Estella's children's apparel company was starting up as well.
Roxanne had never imagined that Lucian's investment would be that large and extensive. Flagship stores were opened in over twenty major cities across the country simultaneously.
Estella's designs were fresh and trendy that matched children's interests, and they were also imaginative and fun. Additionally, those designs also incorporated many elements of ancient Chanaean culture, giving consumers a refreshing feeling.
Most importantly, the price was decent and affordable.
The brand Snuggly became an instant hit, and dozens of business partners sought out franchise opportunities with them. However, as soon as they learned the brand was owned by Farwell Group, they knew they stood no chance at all.
Estella had chosen the name Snuggly herself as she once stated that she wanted all children who wore her designs to feel warm and snug every day. 
###Chapter 1863
Chapter 1863
Chapter 1863 Allure And Sheen
Roxanne's research institute launched two new products after one month of preparation, namely Allure Essence and Sheen Lotion.
Both products were also subjected to random sampling for a week before they were officially launched. According to the results, both products proved to work as well as international luxury brands.
Elektra tested the products herself and even recruited her friends and family to do so.
The first batch of orders was quickly snapped up by all the celebrities and noblewomen in Horington. All five thousand sets sold out immediately.
Fortunately, Sonya had requested Roxanne to save a few sets for her in advance, saying they would be given away to repay some great favors she had received.
Both products became a sensation and the talk of upper-class socialites. Those who couldn't get their hands on the products were discreetly looked down upon.
Prices were constantly being raised from time to time. While it was officially priced at one thousand two hundred and eighty- eight, it could be resold for an additional ten thousand.
With the launch off to a great start, Roxanne's confidence skyrocketed, and she led the staff in celebrating with a joyful gathering. Elektra rushed to the research institute early in the morning to discuss the second phase of orders with Roxanne.
“Elektra, | think we shouldn't be too rash and aggressive with our plans, but we won't go down the low-end or lower-middle class route. Let's keep the second phase of orders at a hundred thousand sets. We're already going pretty fast with a phase each month. | don't want our products to become a source of revenue for some scalpers, so the order quantity should be just appropriate enough.”
Following a month of interaction, Roxanne and Elektra became much closer. Elektra had also only met Roxanne and rarely interacted with Lucian. From that, it was clear that Elektra wanted to do well in her career.
“It's still too little, Roxanne. Have you ever considered that a hundred thousand sets will be sold nationwide? Many people are eager to get their hands on our products. We've also conducted market research, and do you know how many buyers are waiting to purchase our stuff online? More than four hundred thousand to five hundred thousand of them! We need to at least double our amount, which is two hundred thousand sets. In terms of factories, we can expand a few more production lines while also hiring more workers at the same time.”
During this period, Elektra's status within the Lane family had improved since she started the company with Roxanne.
Although two of the Lane family's listed companies had no relevance to Roxanne's company, their stock prices doubled shortly afterward.
Elektra truly enjoyed the perks of this investment. Even her parents stopped urging her to get married. Instead, they cared for her health and showered her with concern every day.
Meanwhile, the Lane family's branch families began seeing Elektra as a beacon of hope to prosper once again, while long-term investors with the Lane family also forecasted extremely profitable returns for them.
As a result of her current success, Elektra had almost forgotten about Christina's existence.
Christina had called Elektra several times, but the latter never picked up or found excuses to brush her off.
“All right, then. | never expected the market to be so eager about it. We hadn't thought about it during the early stages, and we lacked the production capacity to do so.”
In the end, Roxanne agreed to listen to Elektra's suggestion.
After all, Elektra's marketing strategies were much more mature than hers. Roxanne's skills were still mainly focused on research.
Feeling thrilled, Elektra nodded enthusiastically and began to inform Roxanne of more good news.
“The officials in Horington have been very helpful to us. Aside from giving us rapid approval for a commercial property site, they also provided us with a lot of tax breaks! Several foreign luxury brands have begun researching our products. They even hired headhunting agencies to lure our employees with lucrative salaries. This might be something you need to watch out for since each and every researcher in the research institute will be targeted by them.”
After that, Elektra gave another piece of news to Roxanne. “ By the way, the editor-in-chief of a fashion magazine requested an interview with you today. | wonder if you have time for the interview. If you don't, I'll just decline it on your behalf.” 
###Chapter 1864
Chapter 1864
Chapter 1864 Not A Good Thing
After discussing with Elektra for more than an hour, Roxanne decided to turn down many activities. She just wanted to stay behind the scenes and focus on research and development.
When Roxanne got home, Lucian leaned over and tried to probe how many sets of the second issue had been produced.
"My dear wife, can't you give your husband some special treatment? | only need two hundred sets. Just two hundred sets! My friends are driving me crazy!”
Hearing his somewhat childlike tone, Roxanne felt pleased and nodded in agreement.
Lucian never expected that one day he would have to plead for bottles and jars. However, his wife's company was indeed expanding at an alarming rate.
The company had only been established for a month. Even though there was only minimal investment, its market value had already reached twenty billion.
With the constant launch of new products, the company was almost certain to reach a hundred billion in market value in no time.
Moreover, with the research institute, hospital, and pharmaceutical companies, Roxanne's combined net worth was bound to exceed hundred billion.
She would be a billionaire.
However, Roxanne did not care about her wealth. After all, her original intention was simply to ensure that the researchers did not have to live in poverty.
Anyone who was well-versed in science and technology ought to be fairly compensated.
Noticing that his wife looked a little tired, Lucian immediately started massaging her shoulders.
Later in the evening, Elias and Sonya came back from picking up the children from kindergarten.
Both of them were fully devoted to the three little ones. They accompanied them to the kindergarten and picked them up daily. The family enjoyed dinner together.
Shortly after, Jonathan arrived.
At this stage, his main task was to compete with Shawn's company. There was no need for Lucian to personally take action.
After their last confrontation, Shawn's trade expansion plan had been interrupted, and he had been forced to withdraw from Epea in disappointment.
Hence, he turned his attention to competing with Farwell Group for investment shares in the emerging Alendorian market. After giving Lucian a brief update, Jonathan was invited to join dinner.
Halfway through the meal, Jonathan suddenly stood up and slapped his head. “I almost forgot. | have to pick up Mdm. Xander from the hospital. Everyone, | won't be staying for dinner anymore.
I shall take my leave!” Roxanne glanced at Lucian before standing up.
“Can you believe that my best friend kept me in the dark? Did he say that Mdm. Xander can finally be discharged from the hospital?
Lucian, let's go pick her up together.” Lucian nodded in agreement. Both of them then followed Jonathan to the hospital.
Indeed, Madilyn had kept the matter from everyone. She knew that her best friend had been busy with her new company recently.
It was sufficient to have Jonathan's help.
During this time, she was somewhat surprised that Jonathan was very concerned about her mother's illness.
He had been looking for various supplements and medicinal foods to help her recover.
And almost every two days, he would come to the hospital and spend time chatting with her mother. Madilyn felt an indescribable sense of dependence in her heart.
She knew this was not a good thing. After all, Jonathan might treat all his important friends the same way.
The woman was aware that Jonathan had been in frequent contact with Coralie lately. They frequently went out for meals together.
Madilyn tried her best to avoid overthinking the complicated situation.
When Madilyn saw Roxanne and Lucian had also arrived, she happily ran up and hugged her best friend.
Roxanne noticed that her friend had lost weight and must be tired out from taking care of Lorraine.
Thankfully, Lorraine displayed encouraging signs of recuperation, and her previously gaunt appearance had also vanished. The weight that Madilyn lost had transferred to her mother.
“Congratulations on your discharge, Mdm. Xander. You should live in Horington from now on. The weather here is nice, and Madilyn can take care of you. I'm sure she will be more at ease!” Roxanne smiled and suggested to Lorraine.
Lorraine could not stop smiling and kept thanking Roxanne and Lucian. She nodded and agreed to settle down in Horington. 
###Chapter 1865
Chapter 1865
Chapter 1865 The Right Person
Roxanne and Madilyn were seated in the courtyard of the mansion gifted by the former to the latter, chatting casually on a clear night.
Lorraine had already gone to bed, and Madilyn finally felt relieved. She looked as though she had finally found peace after surviving a catastrophe.
“Roxanne, to be honest, I've been avoiding it all along. | don't want to get involved in relationships. | appear nonchalant and bold to give myself courage,” Madilyn said truthfully, revealing her innermost fears.
After all, with her family background, she had to endure countless rumors and gossip from a young age. She had slowly learned to become strong and optimistic.
“Madilyn, you and your mother did nothing wrong, so you don't need to be afraid,” Roxanne comforted her friend. Madilyn smiled slightly.
She was deeply grateful to Roxanne for saving her mother, as only a doctor could understand the dangers involved. Even a renowned doctor in Chanaea might not have dared to do what she had done.
"What about Coralie? You said that she's quite proactive. How do you even feel about Jonathan?” Roxanne probed.
Unexpectedly, Jonathan, who was usually clueless, had suddenly become popular recently. Coralie might have found a way to get along with him, as she seemed to have won his heart completely.
Roxanne was a little worried, as she could tell that her best friend's feelings for Jonathan had grown beyond a budding stage.
Madilyn shook her head. “I'm not really sure, but | can sense that he enjoys being around Coralie, so | might not have a chance. But it's also nice to be his friend. He's always been kind to his friends!”
Seeing the expression on her friend's face, Roxanne immediately retorted, “Madilyn, you can't give up so easily! After all these years, you finally met someone you really like. How can you give up just like that? Besides, Jonathan and Coralie haven't officially announced they are together, right?"
Madilyn's heart remained calm as she listened to Roxanne's words.
She had truly managed to regain her composure.
Madilyn gave a faint smile and said, “Right now, all | want is to focus on treating Jonathan's gastric.”
Maybe Jonathan's depression will gradually improve because of Coralie. After all, her positive attitude is infectious. Perhaps that woman is the right person for him.
"Well, that's true. The last check-up showed that his gastric had improved quite a bit. Can't that blockhead feel your sincerity?”
“Let's not talk about this anymore. Matters of the heart cannot be forced. Didn't you do the same thing in the past? Don't worry about me. Let's talk about something else. Your new company is really successful. Send me two sets of your products one day. I'm afraid
I'm getting old and worn out,” Madilyn said, trying to change the subject.
“Haha, you're just making up words to describe yourself. You're only twenty-seven years old. How can you be old and worn out? Okay, I'll reserve two sets for you,” Roxanne replied merrily.
As the two of them chatted leisurely, Madilyn slowly began to act like her former self. Before leaving, Roxanne left a prescription for Lorraine which had a miraculous effect on blood production.
“Roxanne, | really admire your medical skills. If one day | don't know what to do, | want to learn from you and become your apprentice!” Madilyn said with a smile, then watched Roxanne leave when Lucian arrived to pick her up in his car. 
###Chapter 1866
Chapter 1866
Chapter 1866 Respecting Each Other
Roxanne, who was planning to spend time with her children on the next day, which was a weekend, had to rush to the research institute after receiving a call from Peregrine.
As it turned out, one of the researchers had passed out after working overtime continuously. Moreover, they had stopped breathing, which meant that it was likely they had an inflammation of the heart muscle, resulting in the sudden collapse.
The people at the institute were administering first aid to the researcher, and they had also called for an ambulance.
However, Roxanne was closer to the research institute and would be able to reach the establishment quicker than the hospital staff.
Once she arrived, she hastily administered emergency treatment for the collapsed researcher. Even though she managed to get the heart pumping again, the researcher remained unconscious with no signs of waking.
Worried that long-term health effects might take place, Roxanne immediately took out her needles to administer acupuncture to the researcher.
She managed to wake them before the ambulance arrived to bring them to the hospital.
When Roxanne realized the researcher was one of Peregrine's team members, she reminded, “Old Mr. Lomax, didn't | tell you that you have to keep a close eye on their working hours and make sure they don't work overtime too often? This includes you. Don't overwork yourself. Our products are now earning profits, so our situation isn't that dire anymore.”
Peregrine quickly apologized, “I was too focused on the research and made them overwork themselves too much. You're right; I'm the one to bear this responsibility. I'll take note of this.”
Roxanne nodded. She knew that Peregrine could understand the severity of sudden myocarditis.
Then, she added, “Let the researcher rest for a while, but we're going to give them their salary as usual. Their medical bills will also be reimbursed by the research institute. By the way, we're going to be holding a performance recognition event in a few days. We'll be splitting all profits of the cosmeceutical company.”
Peregrine blinked in surprise. Evidently, he was not expecting Roxanne to split all the profits. They did not rake in much profit in the first phase, but they sold two hundred thousand sets of products in the second phase. “Are we not going to deduct the investment cost first?” he queried.
“No, | started this company to treat them better. We'll be able to deduct the investment costs in the future, anyway,” Roxanne easily answered.
She then asked Linda, who was heading to the hospital, to take good care of the researcher. Not long after, Elektra came to the research institute to look for Roxanne.
A touch of anger was on her face as she said, “Roxanne, | heard that you are planning to split all of the profits. Did you even ask me about this first?”
Indignation was dripping from her words.
Indeed, Roxanne had decided on that without consulting Elektra, but she did not feel guilty about it at all. “Elektra, | know you're going to mention the investment cost, but | have to do this. | need to make the researchers feel secure about this company to ensure that we can develop even better products in the future.”
Elektra understood that too, but she still felt ill at ease about Roxanne's decision. “I understand, but you still should've come to talk to me about this first.”
She was worried that she would lose her authoritative power if this went on.
Although Roxanne was the major shareholder, she felt that the two of them should be showing respect to each other still.
With a small smile, Roxanne told her, “I'm sorry, | didn't get the time to do that this time, but I'll definitely do it the next time.”
The truth was, Roxanne had consulted Lucian about it.
Lucian told her that investors of the past tended to get the bulk of the profits once the profits started coming in. It was not right. For the rich, a good investment project was everything, while money was not something they were short of. Anyone could invest.
The notion of “capital risk” was mostly a rhetorical one. If a project failed, many investors would have ways to shift the risk onto others. 
###Chapter 1867
Chapter 1867
Chapter 1867 Immutable Grudge Therefore, Roxanne decided to have her way for once and split the profits. When Elektra realized Roxanne was slowly developing the aggression of a businesswoman, her heart began to palpitate.
She thought that Roxanne was an easygoing woman—she thought Roxanne was someone easy to control. That was why she humbled herself and gave Roxanne the ultimate power in the company.
It was then that she realized she had thrown away the crown herself.
Elektra was annoyed, but when she realized that the profits they were going to rake in during the third phase would be exponentially more, she tamped down her anger.
“Let's agree on something first, then. The investors have to recover a certain amount of cost from the profits in the third phase. Either that, or we're going to have to start converting the investment cost to equity shares.”
Just as Elektra said that, Roxanne nodded, agreeing to let the investors recover the cost. However, Roxanne did not agree to the conversion of equity shares.
“Elektra, if we're a good company, then the listing of a company shouldn’t matter to us. Moreover, it's not as if we're in need of funds at the moment,” Roxanne commented, and that was also a decision she came up with after consulting Lucian.
Elektra inhaled sharply, and fury entered her eyes.
Nevertheless, she suppressed it and said, "We'll discuss this when we hold the shareholders meeting next time.” After that, Elektra excused herself and left the research institute.
The more Elektra thought about it while driving, the more she felt irked about it.
She could see Lucian's influence in the way Roxanne was managing the company.
It was impossible for Elektra to compete against Lucian.
Elektra's phone abruptly rang in the middle of her drive. When she glanced at the screen, she realized it was a call from Christina.
She had already rejected Christina's call multiple times, and she was wondering if she should decline the call again. All of a sudden, several figures appeared in front of the car and stood in the way of her path.
Elektra hastily hit the brakes, but she still nearly crashed into one of them. In response, she snapped, “Do you have a death wish!”
However, in the next second, she found out those people were after her.
Right as she stopped the car, the people gathered around and started smacking the car door, screaming for her to get out of the car.
Elektra was petrified.
The person leading the group shouted from outside, “You have to pick up Ms. Patel's call!”
Christina's men?
Ultimately, she had to answer the call, as she had no other option. Although the individuals surrounding the car stopped shouting, they lingered nearby, preventing her from departing.
There was an icy quality to Christina's voice as she said, “Oh, Elektra, don't assume | know nothing. Although I'm in Hawen, I'm keeping track of the progress of Roxanne and your company. You're impressive, no? I'm surprised you're fearless enough to ignore my calls. Aren't you afraid that I'll deliver some clues to Lucian?”
Christina was quick to delve into the worst threats, and that made Elektra shudder in fear.
Promptly, she replied, “Ms. Patel, | hadn't contacted you since I've been busy. After all, there are many things that haven't been settled yet.”
“Oh? Is that so? Hm, all right then,” Christina enunciated, confident in her control over Elektra. “Well, things are running smoothly. You've recovered the costs in the second phase, so it's time to make a move in the third phase, right?”
Elektra pursed her lips at Christina's urging. She could not give up on the current favorable situation.
"Ms. Patel, have you ever considered the bright future of this company? It will be raking in profits easily. If you're okay with it, I'll split half of my profits with you," Elektra offered, attempting to sway Christina with the promise of monetary gain and to abandon her scheme.
Yet, Christina bellowed, “Ha! Are you trying to bribe me? What a joke! Money can never mute my resentment, do you understand?” 
###Chapter 1868
Chapter 1868
Chapter 1868 The Chance To Make A Move
“Not even tens of billions will mean anything to me, let alone millions! Do you understand that, Elektra Lane?” Christina gritted out, the hatred palpitating in her words. “If | really cared about money, | wouldn't have been a fool back then. | would've relented. You're not even as good as me. | didn't care about anything if it meant getting Lucian's love. You, on the other hand, are wavering for such a small amount of money. You're weak, Elektra! Your so-called love is simply not real. How can someone like you be worthy of having Lucian?”
Every one of Christina's words was a devastating blow to Elektra. Elektra was shaking by then. She wanted to hurl retorts, but she could not find the words to do that.
Sure enough, it was just like what Christina had said. Upon getting a taste of a successful career, Elektra started to console herself and let go of her obsession with Lucian.
For a long while, Elektra was silent. She had no other options. She had fallen right into Christina's trap.
“You still have a chance now. If you take down Roxanne, you may not have the opportunity to win Lucian's love, but you will still be able to take control of the cosmeceutical company. Do you understand what | mean?” Christina tempted.
Elektra froze, her resolve faltering.
If she could take control of the research team, she would be able to continue developing new products even without Roxanne. However, that meant she would be making Lucian her enemy. How was the Lane family going to hold up against Lucian? Elektra's emotions were fluctuating rapidly, like a rollercoaster ride.
She calmed down again, but what was the point of that?
She did not have the freedom of choice. She was almost certain that Christina was recording that call as well.
If Christina were to send evidence of Elektra's contact with her to Lucian, she would also get on Lucian's bad side.
No matter what she chose, it felt like the ending would be the same.
“Okay. The release of the products in the third phase will be my chance to strike.” Not wanting to talk to the lunatic anymore, Elektra ended the call after agreeing to that.
Not long after, the people around the car left. Elektra weakly slumped on her seat, feeling as if the inside of her heart had been hollowed out. When it was almost time for lunch, Jonathan came out of the office with some medicinal herbs, about to visit Lorraine.
His phone suddenly rang.
It was a call from Coralie, and he picked it up.
“Jonathan, are you free? | went out cycling today, but | fell on my way back. I'm still on the mountain. Would it be too troublesome for you to come for me?”
Coralie's voice was soft and feminine, a voice that would attract the opposite sex. “You fell? Where are you? Is it serious? I'll come right away,” Jonathan asked worriedly, concerned about his friend.
“I'm at Bellefort Hill Scenic Area. I'll send you my location. It's not that serious. It's just a scrape, and I'm only bleeding a little, so don't worry,” Coralie replied.
After ending the call, Jonathan received Coralie's message about her location. He then drove to the location with the help of the Global Positioning System.
While he was on the way there, he even thought about how the medical kit in his car should be enough to treat her. 
###Chapter 1869
Chapter 1869
Chapter 1869 Stay For Lunch
When Jonathan arrived, Coralie was sitting on the ground with her pants rolled up, revealing her fair skin.
She delightedly waved at Jonathan. “Jonathan, I'm over here!”
Every time Jonathan looked at her smile, he felt rejuvenated.
He hastily came out of the car and walked over to her with his medical kit.
In no time, he noticed her injury. The scrap on her knee was rather bad—it was bleeding quite a bit, and it was bruised. He also noticed how the front wheel of her bicycle had bent out of shape.
“| wasn't paying attention to the road. This is a downward slope, and | was going a little too fast. A rock came out of nowhere, and | lost control of the steering when my tire ran over it. That's how | fell!” Coralie, the good-natured person she was, explained with a cheeky chuckle.
Meanwhile, Jonathan quickly took out the materials to clean and disinfect her wound before wrapping it with gauze.
While he was doing that, Coralie was leaning closer and closer to him. The faint floral scent of hers was wafting across Jonathan's nose.
The longer she looked at his slightly stiff expression, the more she found him cute.
“Let's go. I'll send you back,” Jonathan said.
Coralie nodded before tugging his arm, about to stand on her own.
However, the pang of pain coming from her knee made her draw her brows together.
“Can you carry me to the car? | don't think | can walk.”
Coralie thought that even the densest man would understand that she was giving him an opportunity to get close to her.
Nonetheless, an awkward expression crossed Jonathan's face, and he shook his head. “I... Ms. Crawford, let me help you into the car instead.”
With that, he reached out to her with his left hand. Coralie was still for two seconds before wistfully thinking, I'm already offering myself, but he still doesn't get it. After sending Coralie to a clinic to redress her wound, Jonathan excused himself and left.
It took Coralie a long time before she could come back to her senses. What's going on with this man? We were clearly getting closer with our recent frequent interactions, but why does it feel like | can never worm my way into his heart?
Madilyn had a day off that day, so she was taking care of her mother at home. She had received a message from Jonathan the day before, and he told her that he was going to bring medicine to her the next day.
Alas, her long wait was fruitless.
The thought of him being with Coralie at the moment flashed past Madilyn's mind, but she quickly shook her head and told herself not to overthink the situation. What's most important right now is to have my mother recover as quickly as possible. Then, I'll have to work hard to gain some achievements as the director so that | won't be letting my good friend down after how she saved my mother's life.
After dismissing those thoughts, Madilyn began tidying up the place. Her mother liked flowers, so she bought several pots. Recently, weeds had been growing in those pots.
Awhile later, Jonathan drove into the compound.
Madilyn, who was hunched over the pots, raised her head and tensed up when she saw the car.
Awave of merriment surged in her heart.
“Madilyn, I'm here with the medicine. Sorry about my tardiness. Some things happened on my way here. Where's your mother?” Jonathan asked.
As he spoke, he agilely took out packs of medicinal herbs and stacked them together before bringing them toward the living room.
“I'm over here. Jonathan, thank you.” Lorraine was all smiles as she walked out of the kitchen. “You haven't had lunch, right?”
“Mhm. If | was earlier, | would've had it in the office as usual.” Jonathan turned to look at Madilyn, who was busying away in the yard.
Why is she so quiet?
“All right, stay for lunch, then. I've made some local dishes of the northwest, so I'm sure you haven't tried them before,” Lorraine offered.
Jonathan nodded. 
###Chapter 1870
Chapter 1870
Chapter 1870 In Disarray
Madilyn was weeding the garden, but the wild thoughts in her mind were growing out of control.
After snapping out of her daze, she realized that Jonathan had agreed to stay for a meal at her place. She couldn't help but feel excited.
Madilyn's mother had caught onto her every reaction.
Jonathan enjoyed the scrumptious meal as the dishes were particularly to his taste.
Over the course of the meal, Lorraine and Jonathan did most of the talking, with Lorraine peppering Jonathan with questions about his family.
Madilyn felt really awkward as she listened to them talk.
However, Jonathan didn't seem bothered by Lorraine's questions.
After he was done, he even praised Lorraine's cooking.
Before Jonathan left, Madilyn called out to him and said slightly sternly, “Did you eat the medicine | gave you on time?”
“Yes, | did. My stomach feels much better lately, and the usual burning sensations are almost gone.” Jonathan smiled and thanked her.
In response, Madilyn kept a cool face and asked that he go for another checkup.
Jonathan nodded and bade goodbye to her before leaving for his office.
Madilyn’s lips twitched. She wanted to ask Jonathan some questions, but she didn't quite know where to begin. She wanted to know if his depression was still acting up.
Madilyn had a feeling that Jonathan was actually quite tired, devoting all his energy to work.
Can't Mr. Farwell give him a break?
Then again, Madilyn thought Lucian might not be the reason Jonathan was overworking, as she realized that the man might be overworking to distract himself from depression.
After Jonathan got into the car, he suddenly thought of something and got out of the car again. “Did you leave something behind?” Madilyn asked.
Jonathan shook his head and took out a ganoderma.
It was a big one.
“A medicinal herb supplier gave this to me just this year. I'm giving you the biggest one. | noticed that you've been looking tired recently. You may want to make some soup with this, although I'm not even sure if it helps.” Jonathan smiled sheepishly and handed it over to Madilyn.
She remained in a daze long after Jonathan's car had disappeared from sight. “Maddy, Maddy...”
Lorraine called out her name a few times, her lips curling into a knowing smile.
“Mom, what's the matter?” Madilyn jolted back to her senses.
Nevertheless, she passed the ganoderma to her mother and said, “I'm not sure if this is really nutritious, but let's make some soup with it.”
“Maddy, | know what you're thinking, but it seems like Jonathan doesn't. So, you can't just sit and wait for things to happen. You've got to take some initiative,” Lorraine said with a chuckle.
When they were having the meal together, Lorraine had practically asked Jonathan everything there was to know about his family and personality.
She was certain that he was a perfect match for Madilyn.
Madilyn's cheeks tinged pink as she hurriedly denied it. “Mom, you don't know how things actually are between us. Besides, Jonathan might already have a girlfriend!”
“Really? But he didn’t mention anything about that. Moreover, if he really does have a girlfriend, do you think she will allow him to come here and dine with us? He is definitely single, so you do stand a chance!” Lorraine explained.
Madilyn was stumped that even her mother wanted her to be more proactive. However, Madilyn couldn't be as optimistic as her mother. “Mom, | don't want to get into a relationship now. Let's focus on taking care of your health first.”
Madilyn realized that her emotions had been in disarray lately, perhaps the most chaotic they had ever been in her life so far. 
###Chapter 1871
Chapter 1871
Chapter 1871 A Lucky Date
At night, when Roxanne came back from the research institute, she was greeted by the sight of her three children pouting, especially Estella.
The little girl was scowling. “Mommy, you promised to take me to the design expo, but you didn't make time for me. Daddy was the one who brought me there in the end!”
“Essie, don't be mad. Mommy is really busy with her doctor and research institute work.”
“That's right, Essie. Why don't you let Mommy make it up to you next time?”
Both Archie and Benny tried to comfort Estella as they explained Roxanne's situation to her.
Roxanne felt guilty after listening to Estella. She crouched down to level with the little girl and apologized to her.
“It's my fault. | forgot about our promise, Essie. This is a serious mistake on my part, and I'm really sorry,” Roxanne said. She reckoned that she had to set a good example for her children to follow by first apologizing when she made a mistake.
Estella was only throwing a minor tantrum and did not expect Roxanne to take her words so seriously. She shook her head and dashed into Roxanne's embrace.
“It's all right, Mommy. | forgive you, but could you let me know next time? | got up really early in the morning, changed my clothes, and went to your room to look for you, but you weren't there,” Estella mumbled indignantly.
Roxanne hurriedly nodded and kissed her little cheeks. “It's my fault. | will make sure to let you know next time. Okay, you may make two requests, and | promise I'll fulfill them this time.”
Estella told Roxanne that she needed time to think about it. In the meantime, Lucian got down from the study upstairs and explained the reason their mother had to work overtime that day.
It turned out that she had to save a researcher's life. Archie, Benny, and Estella finally understood why their mother had to work all of a sudden.
Estella nodded and said, “Mommy, you're so great for saving lives. So, | just have one request. Let's go visit Aunt Madilyn. | haven't seen her in a while.”
“That's right, Mommy. What's Aunt Madilyn doing these days? Why doesn't she come by to play with us anymore? We miss her too,” Archie and Benny chimed in.
Roxanne and Lucian agreed and promised that they would go to Madilyn's house the next day.
Roxanne called Madilyn, who was overjoyed to hear that the children missed her. Looks like | didn't adore them for nothing.
Madilyn also said she missed the children. After playing with the kids for a while, Roxanne went upstairs to take a bath.
All of a sudden, Elias and Sonya arrived at Lucian's place, and they asked where Roxanne was right after stepping into the living room and seeing Lucian.
“Mom, Dad, what happened? Why does it seem like you guys are in a rush?” Lucian asked. “Roxanne is in the shower. I'll ask her to come downstairs later.”
“Of course we're in a rush. Lucian, the geomancer has picked a lucky date today, but your dad and | just realized that despite us planning every single aspect of the wedding, we have forgotten about the most important people!” Sonya said with furrowed brows.
Lucian was stumped.
Elias regained his composure and lamented, “Have you forgotten as well? We're talking about Roxanne's parents! Our family owes her a lot, and we have to make things right this time. However, we don't know much about her family. How careless of us!” 
###Chapter 1872
Chapter 1872
Chapter 1872 How Could They Not Show Up
Lucian was not ignorant. The fact that Roxanne had never mentioned her parents had not gone unnoticed by him. With that in mind, he even asked Archie and Benny about their grandparents, but both had no impression of ever meeting them. All that pointed to the fact that Roxanne was deliberately avoiding her family.
Athought flashed through his mind that reminded him of something from years ago. It seems like my first marriage with Roxanne directly resulted from her father and stepmother's greed for money.
“Dad, Mom, | need you guys to back off regarding this. There's more to Roxanne's family than meets the eye, and | don't think it is a must for them to show up at our wedding!” Lucian thought maybe Roxanne didn't have a deep relationship with her family. Hence, it wasn't a good idea to track down Roxanne's father and stepmother now.
Elias and Sonya immediately exchanged knowing glances with each other. They seemed to recall some matters from the past as realization struck them.
“Oh, yeah. | remember her father, Grant Jarvis, owned a medium-sized factory in Horington. He sold Roxanne to us when his factory ran into money trouble.” Elias nodded.
“Yes! Yes. | recalled that as well. I've met Roxanne's stepmother once. Her name is Winnie Chardon. She was in her forties then, dressed skimpily. | know she didn't like Roxanne.”
When Roxanne married Lucian, Winnie repeatedly tried to get on Sonya's good side. Nevertheless, she failed because Sonya was averse to Roxanne then, not treating her marriage to Lucian seriously. To her, the wedding was just a tool to bring luck so that Ethan Farwell, Lucian's grandfather, would have a speedy recovery.
“Now, both of you know why Roxanne doesn't talk to them anymore. | think she will be frustrated if we ask them to show up abruptly,” Lucian said sternly.
Sonya and Elias shivered. Luckily we did not accidentally make a mistake. If Roxanne had been here just now, she would have felt so uncomfortable because of the topic.
“Then, what should we do now? Should we really skip the part about informing Roxanne's parents? We don't know where they are now, though. It's unusual for Grant and Winnie not to show up when Roxanne returned to the country with great accomplishment,” Sonya questioned. She was just as confused as Lucian.
“| think | might have some information about their whereabouts. Grant is no longer in Horington because after Roxanne and Lucian divorced, many of Grant's creditors knew he had lost his guarantor, so they urged him to repay his loans. Due to his debt issue, he became an untrustworthy and dishonest judgment debtor. In the end, he ran away from Horington,” Elias explained, shedding light on the situation.
“With a dad like Grant and a stepmother like Winnie who cared only about money, there's really no need to invite them to the wedding. Why don't you ask for Roxanne's opinion? We're okay with her decision if that's what she wants.” Sonya spoke. Elias nodded, agreeing with Sonya.
After that, Elias and Sonya chatted further on this matter before they left the mansion.
Roxanne came back downstairs after she got changed. She noticed Elias and Sonya were gone, so she asked, “Honey, were Dad and Mom here just now? | heard their voices. Where did they go?”
“Yeah. They showed up to inform us that they'd chosen a date for our wedding. It's going to happen soon!” Lucian looked thrilled.
“Really? Then... Let's do this.” Roxanne smiled happily. 
###Chapter 1873
Chapter 1873
Chapter 1873 Unhappy
It was nine in the morning. The biggest flagship store under Flora Verba Group, founded by Roxanne, was about to open its doors on the first floor of Magnificent Mall, Horington, to hundreds of people queuing outside. The crowd was so massive that it blocked the other tenants’ entrances on the same level.
As Flora Verba Group's flagship store neighbored a few overseas high-end brands, the staff in those shops looked on with jealousy and envy at Roxanne's shop's popularity. They couldn't help but think about the rumor they heard about Flora Verba Group wanting to open more franchises in Horington soon, with many wanting to switch jobs.
Meanwhile, Elektra arrived early at the flagship store to handle the massive crowd. She was currently in the storage room, counting the stocks. They could only produce four to five thousand sets of products, which wasn't enough to meet the crowd's demand.
And so, Elektra began to give orders for that day's task. Then, the dozens of staff smiled professionally, opening the doors and allowing the crowd to flood the store.
“Dear customers, please stay in line. We will give out numbers now. Please don't cut the queue or crowd around. Everyone is only allowed to get two sets. Anyone who manages to make a purchase, please don't queue up again. Please ensure your safety!”
“Dear customers, we've prepared chairs and snacks here. Please follow the rules. We hope you will have a great shopping experience today!”
“Dear customers, five hundred numbers will be given out on the first round. Then, the numbers will be repeated. A total of four thousand sets will be available for sale today and for the next seven days. So, please, do not congest the traffic!”
Despite the high marketability of the store, Elektra lacked the delight she had in the beginning. Maybe this shop won't exist anymore in the third phase.
Elektra lamented the loss. With her keen business vision, this flagship store of Flora Verba Group was shaping up to be one big business that could be worth more than hundreds of billions. However, Elektra had no choice but to execute Christina's plan.
After the plan, the business would probably suffer even if | gained control of Flora Verba Group. The best option then would be to work with a publicity team. We should hire a competent publicity team at a high price.
That conclusion formed in Elektra's mind. She left the flagship store and headed toward the research institute. Half an hour later, she arrived at her destination. The woman put on an overjoyed expression before pushing open Roxanne's office door. “Roxanne! It's a sellout this time around. With a production capacity of one hundred thousand sets, | estimate those products will be sold out in seven days. No, less than that. Maybe around three to four days. Is it possible to increase the production capacity?”
In contrast to Elektra's radiant happiness, Roxanne was unruffled. She shook her head, rejecting Elektra's suggestion. “The factory is already working at full production capacity, and working through the night makes it easier for accidents to happen. So, we can only wait for the new factory to open up. That's my final decision in the second phase. Let's wait until the third phase to make any changes.”
Elektra's mood darkened, unhappiness rising within her. Roxanne's management skills were vastly different from hers. She could predict that even if they were to work together peacefully for the foreseeable future, they would get embroiled in a huge conflict at the end of the journey.
Elektra's mood darkened, unhappiness rising within her. Roxanne's management skills were vastly different from hers. She could predict that even if they were to work together peacefully for the foreseeable future, they would get embroiled in a huge conflict at the end of the journey.
Research and development are undeniably crucial to a business, but that doesn't mean managing an entire brand can be done at the technical level. I'm the one who was there for this brand every step of the way, from the brand launching press conference to the training of the staff at the flagship store.
Elektra gave a flustered smile, replying, “All right. I'll follow whatever you plan. I'll do my best at sales.” Roxanne nodded. She put on her lab coat and walked into the laboratory, leaving Elektra behind. Elektra was about to leave when she saw a red invitation card.
Whose wedding is this?
She picked it up. Then, Elektra was wholly stumped. It was Roxanne and Lucian's wedding invitation card, and the event was set twenty days later. 
###Chapter 1874
Chapter 1874
Chapter 1874 A Trap Frostiness gradually appeared in Elektra's eyes. She cursed at her foolishness.
I can't even compare to Aubree. At least Aubree was once in an intimate relationship with Lucian, being his fiancee. What about me? I've been his childhood friend for so many years and hod many chances to make him mine, but I've lost all of them. | want to know what Lucian truly thinks of his feelings for Roxanne! Is it love? Or is it because she has improved so much in her capabilities? Roxanne was worthless six years ago, so she got abandoned by Lucian. But now, she owns a research institute, hospital, company, and Flora Verba Group. Does that mean Lucian's love for her was built on her improvement in becoming a successful person? Does that mean Lucian will look at me in a different light if | become a powerful woman and take over Flora Verba Group?
Elektra was overwhelmed by a myriad of emotions as different thoughts appeared in her mind.
Lucian took it upon himself to do everything when the wedding preparations began. He chose the venue, the outfits, and the band and even came up with the list of guests. Moreover, the man even suggested inviting celebrities to their wedding. After all, many top stars in the entertainment industry were part of Lucian's social circle.
Yet, Roxanne gave a firm no. She didn’t want their wedding to be headline-worthy news. If that happened, information about their three kids would be exposed to the public, causing them to be under public scrutiny.
With Lucian’s full attention on the upcoming wedding, company- related matters became Jonathan and Cayden's responsibility. Jonathan was mainly tasked with the strategy part, while Cayden controlled the execution of their plan. Their current goal was to compete with Crawford Heights Group for the Alendor market.
Alendor was known for its plentiful resources of minerals. It was the raw material base for various non-ferrous metals. If one could get their hands on this place, they would enjoy greater power in developing these areas.
Since their last failure in the foreign trade market in Epea, Crawford Heights Group placed heavy investment this time. Their bidding price was higher than Farwell Group's every time. In an instant, Crawford Heights Group had the upper hand.
However, Jonathan didn't panic, for every time he reported these findings to Lucian, the latter would ask him to wait longer, and Jonathan believed in Lucian'sjudgment.
As expected, Crawford Heights Group ran into trouble one week later. Chaos broke out at the mineral production area that they bought at a high price, and a war ensued. What was troubling, though, was that the war ended peacefully within days. The newly- appointed leader overturned the original trade agreement, claiming it was invalid. In other words, Crawford Heights Group's investment had all gone to waste.
Over at Crawford Heights Group, Shawn swept the decorations on his table to the floor with his right hand in the CEO's office. These items dropped to the floor and shattered into pieces. What followed soon after was Shawn's screams. “Trash! Useless!
Contact the project leaders now! | want their explanation. They've been living in Alendor for so long, so why didn't they consider these possible risks?”
Biting the bullet, Danny said with difficulty, “Mr. Crawford, I've contacted them already, but they won't pick up the phone, choosing to extend their resignation instead."
“What?” Shawn clenched his jaw angrily. He connected the dots soon. “Did these people pocket the company's money?”
Realization dawned on Shawn. No wonder the asking prices were sky-high. They were double the amount of those offered by Farwell Group. | fell into the trap because | wonted to get the resources. Now | know why Lucian competed with me for a period before suddenly giving up. Did he set me up? 
###Chapter 1875
Chapter 1875
Chapter 1875 Real Man Danny kept mum. Regardless, he knew the fault wasn't his to bear, for Shawn was the one who put these people in charge.
Shawn was so frustrated that he felt like he was on the verge of exploding. “It's all over. I'm done this time. Two billion in funding, all gone!”
Even though Shawn had been in the business for a long time, he was still an amateur compared to Lucian.
His family had only given him two billion to make something of himself. If he did not succeed, that would mean that Crawford Heights Group in Horington would be declared bankrupt. Besides that, Shawn had relatives from other branches of his family that he had to answer to. After all, the amount of money he got was no small sum.
Shawn had a dejected expression on his face, complaining, “D*mn you, Lucian. Why are you constantly setting me up? | was too foolish! Unexpected situations always impact overseas businesses.”
With that, he waved his hand, asking Danny to leave. Not long after, Coralie knocked on the door. She walked into the office directly when Shawn didn't respond to her. Coralie gestured for the secretary to clean up the trash on the floor when she noticed Shawn's dazed look.
After the secretary cleaned up the place and walked out, Coralie threw a report onto the table before Shawn. Her voice was calm as she announced, “You've spent every penny of the capital given to you. Following this, you will have trouble managing the staff and office costs. There are two choices left for you now. Either you continue with your current venture by getting financing from others, or you must take out a loan with the bank.”
Shawn lifted his head. He looked lost and puzzled. “Coralie, it's highly impossible for me to beat Lucian!”
“Is that so? Why are you so afraid of failure? Grandpa failed in his business, too, all these years ago. But then, he managed to build our empire in the north side of the country, so why are you so worked up over this? It's not like you've run out of time to make something of yourself.” Coraline's voice was calm. She didn't care whether Shawn was too unhappy to listen to her words as she continued, “I've looked into it. The mineral land that Lucian bagged was not ample in size, and it could be developed relatively quickly. At the same time, he also has connections with the group that caused chaos this time, which means that he had ensured the resources would stay in his hands in advance. Hence, | can conclude that our background check was not thorough enough.”
"Coralie, this is not the time to analyze this information. My plan has gone down the drain. | don't know how | should face the pressure of those people when | get home.” Shawn grabbed a handful of his hair, frustration written all over his face.
In response to Shawn's words, Coralie sneered coldly. Disappointment slowly showed up in her eyes.
“If you don't analyze the reason for your failure, the same thing will happen to you next time. Both of these mistakes you made resulted from you seeking instant benefits. If you had taken the time to observe Lucian's behavior, you would have understood why he was not as hasty as you thought. You would have concluded that he had set a trap, waiting for you to stumble in,” Coralie retorted curtly. Then, she told Shawn that she had made a summary report and that he should have a look.
He should let our family know why he failed, admit his mistakes, and accept his punishment accordingly to exhibit his true manliness.
Coralie walked out of the office with a smile, knowing that all of these were part of Lucian's plan and Jonathan was probably just the executioner. A gleeful feeling appeared within her as thoughts flashed across her mind. Jonathan may seem like an easygoing and honest person on the surface. But in actuality, his capabilities and determination are more substantial than anyone expected!
With that, her fondness for Jonathan grew. “Oh, he's dreamy and irresistible! | wonder when will he fall in love with me?” Coralie wondered out loud. 
###Chapter 1876
Chapter 1876
Chapter 1876 Take Care Of Yourself
Two days later, Crawford Heights Group declared bankruptcy.
The placement of thousands of employees was carried out in an orderly manner.
Coralie let Frieda handle the compensation plan for the employees and returned to the north with her brother.
She believed she could put in a good word or two for him if she went back with him so that he would not lose all his opportunities in the future.
Frieda and the finance department staff provided the employees with severance compensation with each person receiving an additional two months' salary.
The severance package invoked a sense of regret among the departing employees. They were all sorry to part ways with such a great company.
Despite having only worked for a month, they were given three months' salary. Crawford Heights Group had also explicitly stated in the employees' resignation report that they were let go due to the company's poor management and that it wouldn't affect their employment record.
That day, Frieda finally completed her task after working overtime.
She wanted to call Shawn to see how he was doing because she was worried about him but eventually gave up, as she knew she could not be of any help.
After taking a sidelong glance at the empty office with a complicated expression, she walked out of the building. Before stepping out of the premises, she could not help turning around to take one last look.
Finally, she came to the realization that she was far less capable than Coralie, not to mention Roxanne.
After all, Roxanne's Flora Verba Group was thriving with a remarkable growth trajectory.
The company began with a start-up capital of around one or two billion but quickly surged to a market value of two hundred billion. The market value continued to climb even after the launch of their second phase of products.
On the other hand, Shawn's twenty-billion investment had yielded nothing in return.
After contemplating her failure for a brief moment, she turned around and was ready to hail a cab to take her back to her mansion.
Suddenly, she saw a familiar face from a distance.
It was her brother, Jonathan.
“Jonathan...” Frieda subconsciously called out.
Only then did she come to understand the meaning behind her brother's words.
Lucian was indeed a formidable opponent to be reckoned with, and the Queens were lucky to have Lucian as their ally. Jonathan asked, "You want to come home with me? Shawn probably won't be coming back to Horington anytime soon.” Frieda shook her head, declining his offer.
She was grateful that her brother neither held any grudges against her nor ridiculed her.
Nonetheless, there was no turning back for her now. She no longer had the right to return to the Queen family after the previous incident involving the medicinal herbs' price hike.
It would only put the Queens in an awkward position if she were to return.
Furthermore, Lucian might take it out on the Queens if she were to return to the family.
“Jonathan, everything seems clear to me now, and I've learned my lessons. You don't have to worry about me. | might go abroad to pursue my studies or start a small company from scratch. As for Shawn, | don't know if he really cares about me or if he was just using me. But | know what | did was wrong. Thank you, Jonathan!” Frieda took the opportunity to open up to her brother.
Recently, she had been reflecting on herself and all the horrible mistakes she had made. She finally understood that everything Jonathan did was in the family's best interest. After a few seconds of silence, Jonathan inclined his head in acknowledgment.
"Call us when you're free. Dad and Mom still care about you no matter what. You need to stop being willful. Lucian and Roxanne will not harm you as long as I'm around!” Jonathan promised. He then returned to his car and took out a bank card before handing it to his sister.
"Take this. There are about three to four million on this card. I'm surprised you could tolerate not having a car, considering you've been pampered since you were young.”
Frieda froze and did not know how to react at first. She instinctively wanted to reject his help but still reached out her hand to take the card.
“All right. Take good care of yourself. I'll be leaving now!” Jonathan got into his car after waving his sister goodbye.
Frieda's tears fell uncontrollably as she watched the car gradually drive away. 
###Chapter 1877
Chapter 1877
Chapter 1877 Three Hundred Thousand Units
"Yay! Daddy and Mommy are getting married!” Upon seeing a large stack of wedding invitations and Lucian and Roxanne’s beautiful wedding photos, the three little ones began to prance around in excitement.
The wedding was only ten days away, so Lucian had been extremely busy lately. He was constantly occupied with phone calls and WhatsApp messages and also received numerous congratulatory messages from guests, among which were those who hoped to receive an invitation to attend the ceremony.
After all, Lucian had provisionally limited the number of guests to five hundred for this once-in-a-lifetime wedding of his.
An unverified rumor circulating suggested that the admission standards for guests invited to the event were strictly limited to individuals from elite families.
Considering the limited number of available spots after including some relatives and friends, Lucian had to be highly selective in choosing additional guests.
"Daddy, Daddy. Is there anything we can help with?” Archie held the hands of his younger siblings and walked up to Lucian, hoping to do something for the wedding.
Lucian replied, “Yes, of course. There are plenty of tasks you can help with. Archie, go through the invitations and the guest list to cross-check them with the list | have here to see if we missed anyone. We must make sure all the guests who should be invited are included. Benny, take this list and calculate the total amount of the gift money. We plan to donate all the money to underprivileged children living in remote areas. Essie, since you're the more artistic one here, could you check if there are any areas where we can improve the wedding outfits, venue, and floral arrangements provided by the bridal agency?"
Upon receiving his orders, the three little children got to work right away.
Their help relieved Lucian of the numerous trivial matters involved in wedding planning.
Soon, Elias and Sonya arrived, giving Lucian a few more name lists and discussing more details about the wedding with him. Meanwhile, in the research institute, Roxanne was also busy working in her office.
Just as Elektra predicted, the products of the second phase were sold out within three days.
The warehouse's inventory that was accumulated through great effort including the additional portion produced by the employees who worked overtime was all sold out. They even fell short by two days’ worth of inventory.
With a post-tax cash flow of two hundred million, the entire company's financial situation had improved significantly.
However, Roxanne had no desire to keep the money in the company's account. Instead, she planned to use a significant portion of the funds to reward the research and development team and distribute the remaining amount to all the employees in the factory.
According to the agreement made with Elektra, Roxanne would forgo her annual salary, which amounted to tens of millions. The current issue bothering Roxanne was the number of product units to be launched for the third phase.
Elektra was actively expanding the business on her end. There were already more than ten franchise stores in Horington alone, and they planned to establish a total of three hundred stores in major cities all across the country.
Roxanne was concerned that they might not have enough inventory to supply all the stores.
Linda knocked on the door and brought in a report. “Ms. Lane expressed a desire to upgrade the office building. Since the building that Crawford Heights Group had stopped renting still has a couple more years' lease, Ms. Lane was thinking of taking over the building as it fits our needs perfectly. Anyway, she had negotiated a great deal with the building owner.”
Roxanne froze for a few seconds before remembering Crawford Heights Group was the company established by Lucian's opponent. She was taken aback to learn that the company had declared bankruptcy despite being in business for only a month. Indeed, the road to entrepreneurship is perilous.
Elektra managed to take over the lease of the building at a sixty- percent discount. That showed how savvy she was when it came to business.
“No problem, Linda. Tell Ms. Lane that she doesn't need to report the company's operational matters to me in the future. | give her the right to manage it directly.”
Roxanne wanted to focus solely on product development, as she believed Elektra was far more competent in marketing than she was.
After going through the report Linda brought in, she exclaimed, “What? Three hundred thousand units? That's a lot!” 
###Chapter 1878
Chapter 1878
Chapter 1878 What Else Do You Want At the same time, the office building Crawford Heights Group had moved out of was left in a huge mess.
Given that the twenty-story building with a three-year lease was rented at a sixty percent discount, Elektra felt that it was a shame.
The reason was simple. Flora Verba Group might go the way of Crawford Heights Group in the not-too-distant future. Just the thought alone filled her with sorrow.
After painstakingly building up Flora Verba Group's reputation and gaining the support of the authorities, Elektra was certain that it would grow into a conglomerate one day.
Unfortunately, she had to destroy it with her own hands. It felt as if she was suffocating her own child to death.
Alas, she could only hope that the controversy would only affect Roxanne and try her best to mitigate the negative impact on the company.
When her phone rang, she saw that it was Christina on the line again, just as expected.
The latter had been calling every day to pressure Elektra, who had been dragging her feet with the excuse that the third phase of products had yet to be manufactured.
"I've learned that the second phase of products has sold out, so it's time for the third phase to begin. Make sure you're ready.” Christina spoke in a tone entirely devoid of emotion.
Despite her resentment, Elektra had no choice but to reply, "| am. More than three hundred flagship stores have begun operations one by one. The third phase will definitely take the market by storm.”
“Haha, I'm glad to hear that. When the time comes, this issue will be too big for Lucian to deal with no matter how powerful he is. This is so exciting!” “I'm sure I'll get affected by it, too. Once | get my hands on the shares of Flora Verba Group, I'll definitely share them with you!”
Christina's hysterical laughter carried with it a sense of ruthlessness that disregarded any and all consequences, sending a chill down Elektra's spine.
Therefore, Elektra knew that even if Roxanne was crushed, she would barely benefit from it due to all the dirt Christina had on her.
As a result, she had to ingratiate herself with Christina by giving up her shares in Flora Verba Group.
“Sure. I'll gladly accept your kind offer. It will be our reward for taking down Roxanne. | don't need much, so two billion will do. Also, please help me look for my family.” The tension in Christina's voice eased as it took on a friendlier tone.
Even though it was a casual comment, Elektra derived a sense of security from it.
As Christina's parents are still in the country, | can use them to control her. Otherwise, she’ll betray me once she has achieved her goal.
“No problem. I'll help you search for your family. If there's anything else | can do for you, feel free to let me know.”
Upon ending their discussion, Elektra left the office building.
When she received a sudden call from Roxanne, her eyes narrowed in response.
“Elektra, why were you on the phone for such a long time? | needed to speak to you urgently!” said Roxanne anxiously. She had called Elektra many times but kept getting an engaged tone.
Elektra had assumed that it was a friend or relative trying to get the latest product through her. Little did she expect it to be Roxanne.
Feeling guilty, she replied, “I'm sorry. | was in a meeting with a business partner and missed your calls.”
"Don't worry about it. Actually, | wanted to ask you if you really need three hundred thousand pieces. | was thinking that two hundred thousand pieces should be enough. Otherwise, it will place ttemendous pressure on the production lines. Another option would be to extend the deadline by ten days, as the one-month deadline is just too tight!”
Other than the speed of manufacturing, Roxanne was also concerned about her impending wedding.
No matter what, she had to take a few days off to prepare. If not, Lucian would give her an earful over it. 
###Chapter 1879
Chapter 1879
Chapter 1879 Recuperate
“| really can't do that, Roxanne. All the foreign brands will be launching their new products during this period, too. If we don't increase our productivity, we will lose market share and waste all the effort we have put in. Also, we have opened many new affiliated stores. If we fail to distribute products to them, we will need to compensate them for reneging on the contract. On top of that, we have also started our online channels. The online merchants demand a certain amount of goods. Otherwise, they won't be bothered about helping us promote our product.”
The barrage of reasons Elektra peppered Roxanne with rendered the latter speechless.
In the end, she had no choice but to agree.
Fortunately, the factory had just expanded its operations by adding many new assembly lines.
From Roxanne's perspective, Elektra was a go-getter in the business world and was particularly talented in sales. Never could she have imagined that Elektra was doing all this just to set her up.
After instructing Linda to distribute the prize money to the researchers, Roxanne headed to the hospital to visit the sick researcher so that she could hand the reward over in person.
When afternoon arrived, Madilyn invited her out to have coffee. The moment both of them met, Madilyn began ranting as usual.
A few days ago, Lucian and Roxanne brought the three children over to Madilyn’s place to visit her but inadvertently caused her a lot of trouble.
Lorraine, who was enamored of the children, kept pestering her daughter to get married soon.
Soon, the nagging became a habit. Every day, she would bring up the topic by praising the three kids, putting pressure on Madilyn.
However, other than buying Madilyn health supplements, Jonathan barely paid attention to the issue. “Hahaha, he bought you health supplements?” Amused, Roxanne burst into hearty laughter.
Madilyn rolled her eyes in response before frowning. “I wasn't the one who brought this up, and | have no idea what's going on in his head. The body checkup he did last time clearly showed that his brain is working fine!”
Intrigued by the conversation, Roxanne urged Madilyn to continue.
In the end, Roxanne summarized, “I find Jonathan's reaction interesting. From his perspective, he probably just thinks you deserve the best. After all, those are the most expensive health supplements on the market! Hahaha...”
“Stop laughing!”
When Roxanne's laughter caught the attention of the other customers, Madilyn felt the urge to strangle her to death.
“All right, let's drop this topic and talk about something serious instead. How's Jonathan's gastric coming along?” Roxanne stopped embarrassing her friend by changing the topic.
“As a doctor, you should know better than anyone else that gastric illness takes time to heal. That said, his condition has improved a lot and he no longer suffers from inflammation. Soon, he can stop taking my medication and recuperate by taking yours instead.”
Madilyn's tone calmed down all of a sudden.
Roxanne stole a glance at the look in her friend's eyes and realized the latter was seemingly hiding something.
Truth be told, Madilyn was worried about his depression more than his gastric.
| wonder if he's still suffering from insomnia and has been taking medicine without my knowledge.
"Oh, by the way, | have investigated Coralie's real identity. It turns out that she's Shawn's younger sister. Don't you think it's a strange coincidence that Jonathan's sister, Frieda, is in a relationship with Shawn?”
“What?” Madilyn was stunned for a few seconds. Coralie is Shawn's younger sister. In other words, she's the heiress of a rich family too!
In that very instant, the look in Madilyn's eyes turned grim. 
###Chapter 1880
Chapter 1880
Chapter 1880 That Is The Plan
As both of them continued to chat, Roxanne gave Madilyn some encouragement upon sensing her lack of confidence. Nevertheless, Madilyn responded with a wry smile before changing the topic to Roxanne's wedding.
In reality, Madilyn wasn't afraid of Coralie's family background but was instead wary of the latter's vibrant demeanor and the confidence she exuded that stemmed from her prominent identity.
Madilyn, comparatively, had to face life's cruel realities since young as an illegitimate child whose mother was abandoned by her father.
Furthermore, she could sense that Coralie's vigor was exactly what Jonathan needed to cure his depression. Perhaps she's a lot more suited to him. That thought flashed through her mind unbidden.
Not wanting Roxanne to worry, Madilyn kept such thoughts to herself and focused on discussing the wedding preparations. She even told Roxanne that she would meticulously choose a wonderful gift for the latter.
When Roxanne asked her what it would be, she replied that she had yet to make a decision, eliciting an eye roll from the former. It wasn't until darkness began to fall that both of them went their separate ways.
Upon returning to the mansion, Roxanne was greeted by the sight of everyone busying themselves in the living room.
As the star of the wedding, Roxanne felt embarrassed for not having to do much.
“Mommy, you had a long day. Here, have a glass of water!” The adorable and attentive Estella was always the first to welcome her mother home.
Archie and Benny were just as enthusiastic as they grabbed one of Roxanne's hands each, showering her with attention. “What's going on? What do you want from me this time? Spit it out.” The children's overwhelming affection naturally aroused her suspicions.
Lucian simply shook his head with a smile. “Nothing's going on. The children are just happy to see you, that's all. | showed them a photo album just now, and they all understood how much you have suffered over the years.”
“That's right, Roxanne. It must've been hard for you. While you were in Epea, you had to raise the two boys while studying medicine and developing your career at the same time! You have my respect for that. In the past, | was blind to not have noticed how exceptional you are!” Sonya chimed in, praising Roxanne with utmost sincerity.
Her demeanor was a huge contrast to how she used to treat Roxanne in the past, so much so that Roxanne began wondering if she really meant what she said.
At the same time, Elias nodded with a grin. He, too, felt that Sonya was exaggerating, making it sound like flattery.
“| see. Let me know if there's anything | can help with. It is my wedding after all. | can't just let all of you do the work.”
Even though having a wonderful family like that was every woman's dream, Roxanne still felt uneasy not doing anything. She felt the need to be useful as if that was the only way she could retain her current state of bliss.
However, Lucian shook his head with a thoughtful expression as his eyes suddenly veered toward Roxanne's belly.
“There's only one thing you can do now. The children are waiting for another brother and sister, while my parents want to experience raising a grandchild again. Essie was, after all, difficult to manage due to her illness. Plus, she resented them. Therefore...”
Realization quickly dawned upon Roxanne.
All of them are pampering me because they want me to give birth.
Nonetheless, she shared their sentiments.
It was just as her husband had said. Everyone in the family had their own regrets.
Their previous marriage of three years and the six years they spent raising the children were all unhappy times. 
###Chapter 1881
Chapter 1881
Chapter 1881 The Second Examination
The busy week passed in the blink of an eye.
The venue of the wedding was a seaside golf resort owned by the Farwell family. It was an expansive location that was covered with lush greenery which allowed people to enjoy the sea breeze and hear the waves crashing, making it the perfect place to hold the wedding.
Lucian had organized a few rehearsals ahead of time but never brought Roxanne along. Thus, she couldn't help but wonder what the wedding would be like.
Nevertheless, she was certain that it would be a romantic occasion. As such, she was filled with anticipation.
Meanwhile, the third batch of Flora Verba Group's products had gone through its consumer trial and received feedback for it. After some improvements were made, production started accordingly.
Roxanne consequently rushed to the factory to conduct a quality inspection to ensure that the ratio of ingredients within the products was correct.
At the same time, the quality control department conducted its own tests. Many of the female employees in the factory bought the products too. They were given an employee discount and were limited to two sets each month.
Inside the office of the research institute, Elektra was having a meeting with Roxanne. She talked about distribution to affiliated stores and raised the matter of hiring a few brand ambassadors who were willing to endorse for a reasonable fee on the account of their friendship with Elektra. In return, they simply asked for priority access to the company's future products.
Given the favorable conditions, Roxanne agreed without hesitation.
Elektra is really a genius when it comes to marketing. She has also put a lot of effort into the partnership. That's why | think she deserves to be given the right to distribute the profits we gain from the third phase.
Unfortunately, Roxanne didn't notice the insidious glint that flashed across Elektra's eyes. I'm sorry, Roxanne. | was forced to do this. | don't have a choice. Deep down, Elektra had made her decision. The real reason she recruited the A-listed celebrities as brand ambassadors were to further escalate the impending controversy.
“I'll head over to the factory to see if they need any help. Don't worry. I'll keep a close eye on the employees and make sure they're not overworked.”
With that, Elektra left the office. On the way to the factory, she took out her phone and gave Christina a call.
“Production has begun. From tonight onward, trucks will pick up the goods and distribute them all over the country for three consecutive days. Our plan can now be set into motion!”
Elektra proceeded to calmly elaborate on her plan.
Upon learning of it, Christina was ecstatic. “I'll fly back from Hawen tomorrow just to witness this beautiful moment. In terms of the people you need, | have made the necessary arrangements. Just use them to your heart's content.”
Witness? Elektra scoffed in her heart. The real reason she's coming back is to share the spoils.
Upon arriving at the factory, Elektra saw that two lorries were already filled with goods and ready to leave.
She contacted the factory manager at once to have him stop the trucks so that she could check the goods.
The factory manager was named Leroy Leeson and used to work at the research institute. When Roxanne noticed his talent for management, he was subsequently transferred to the factory.
“Ms. Lane, what's the reason for doing so? No one told me about any tests. These products are good to go, as they have passed the checks of the quality control department.” Leroy was puzzled by the request.
As Roxanne had full faith in him, she had never requested another test once the goods had gone through him.
“Yes, it's true that there were no issues with the first two phases’ products, but this time is different. This is a requirement set by the authorities. Don't worry about it. It's just an examination. It won't take much time.”
Elektra had already come up with a reason to persuade him. Only by convincing Leroy could she avoid him notifying Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1882
Chapter 1882
Chapter 1882 No One Will Think It is Fake
“In that case, | won't stand in your way. However, you had better compensate the driver, as they're paid by the hour. Any delays in transportation are our fault.”
Influenced by Roxanne, Leroy would always take others into consideration.
Elektra nodded with a smile. “That goes without saying. Don't worry about it. Get the two trucks to follow my car. I'll pay them five hundred each.”
Nodding in acknowledgment, Leroy went out to talk to the drivers. He returned a few minutes later to report, “It's done. Do we have to do this for every truck from now on?”
Elektra nodded to confirm. “Yes. Every single one of them will have to go through a quality inspection. On top of that, I'll still need to assign them their destinations, but you don't have to worry about those.”
Without another comment, Leroy got back to work in the factory.
Thereafter, Elektra drove and led the two trucks to a newly built factory nearby. As there was no equipment inside, the factory was largely empty.
Upon her arrival, Christina's men were already in place.
There were almost a hundred of them.
All of them were wearing the white uniforms of quality inspectors, similar to those worn by the employees at Flora Verba Group. Nevertheless, all of them held a syringe in one hand and a glass bottle that contained an unknown liquid in the other.
Upon alighting from the car, Elektra gestured to the truck drivers and led them to receive their compensation.
“Since the two of you are driving the first two trucks, the sampling process might take a little longer. How about this? I'll compensate you a thousand each. On top of that, I'll arrange for your food and accommodation for the night. All you need to do is come back the next morning to continue with your journey. How about that?”
The moment the drivers heard about the generous offer, they nodded eagerly in agreement. With that, Christina's men began their work in the factory.
Firstly, they unloaded all the goods from the trucks. Thereafter, they opened the product packaging and injected the unknown substance into the facial essence and cream.
The substance was odorless and was added in small quantities. Hence, it didn't change the appearance of the product at all. Once they were done, they resealed the packages.
As Elektra had provided them with Flora Verba Group's unique packaging machine, they managed to repackage the product and made them seem good as new.
After everything was done, Elektra examined the products and broke into a smile when she could see no traces of tampering.
“We'll need four to five hours to go through two trucks if we speed up, so hurry up and get it done!” Upon receiving Elektra's orders, the men nodded and swiftly got to work.
Until twelve midnight that day, Elektra had intercepted a total of thirteen trucks from Leroy's factory using the same modus operandi.
The load of all thirteen trucks in total was a single day's production of the third phase's products. Moreover, there would be more coming the next day as production had commenced at the other factories.
When Elektra called Christina to inform her that they didn't have enough manpower, the latter let out a sneer and promised to send three hundred more men the next day.
“How did you manage to recruit so many people?” Elektra was worried about future repercussions.
“Don't worry, other than a core group who are my subordinates, the rest were hired legally. Once they heard that they're working for Flora Verba Group, put on the uniforms you have provided, and see the address of the new factory, none of them will suspect that this is a sham.”
There were plenty of such temporary workers in the market, and most importantly, they didn't cost much to hire. 
###Chapter 1883
Chapter 1883
Chapter 1883 Discount For The Manor
The subsequent period filled Elektra with anxiety. Fortunately for her, Roxanne was bogged down by her wedding preparations and had no time to pay attention. Nonetheless, Elektra felt it necessary to distract her still.
Therefore, she headed to the research institute the next morning and dragged Roxanne along to attend an official press conference.
The event was long and tedious, as matters of safety were the topic of discussion. It started at nine in the morning and only ended at three in the afternoon.
After the press conference, Elektra invited Roxanne for afternoon coffee. It wasn't until Roxanne had to go try on her wedding gown that they went their separate ways.
On that day, three hundred thousand sets of products carried by sixteen trucks were tampered with.
When Roxanne returned to the mansion in the evening, Elias and Sonya were playing games with the children downstairs, while Lucian was in the living room, reading an architectural magazine.
“Darling, | think our house is too small. | saw a manor-styled mansion recently, and | think it's pretty good. Since it's just been put on the market, why don't you take a look to see if you like it?”
When Roxanne leaned over to glance at it, all she saw was a long row of zeroes behind the stated price. She did the math and realized the mansion cost whopping billions.
“This place is big enough. Just the garden alone is the size of a few basketball courts.” Roxanne still couldn't shake her habit of being thrifty although she was now filthy rich.
“That won't do. What if we end up with a ton of kids in the future? That's why we need a manor. We can have a pavilion in the garden with faux hills and streams. This is the latest design based on a classical countryside theme. Don't you like it?”
Throwing Roxanne a glance, Lucian could clearly see how fascinated she was by the architecture.
“Of course | like it. I'll let you decide. | do want a bigger space for the children to exercise in. We can put in a slide and half a soccer field.”
The moment the words rolled off Roxanne's tongue, Lucian whipped out his phone and gave the developer a call. “I'm Lucian Farwell. I'm interested in your biggest manor. Please reserve it for me.”
Asingle sentence from Lucian elicited a long introduction to the project and an expression of gratitude from whoever he was speaking to.
At the end of the conversation, Lucian flatly replied, “I got it. It's settled then!”
Lucian ended the call with a casual tone, similar to the tone Roxanne used whenever she bought herself a cup of coffee.
There were only a total of five manors under the project. Sales were expected to be slow due to their exorbitant prices.
That said, Lucian's purchase of one of them naturally meant that the rest would easily sell out, for it was the dream of many to be neighbors with him.
Half an hour later, Roxanne was surprised to see the developer drop by with a huge group of staff.
Lucian invited them in, for he happened to have a few requests to make.
From the moment they stepped in, the developer gave them a thirty percent discount which ran into a few hundred million. Roxanne was pleasantly surprised by their generosity.
“Mr. Farwell, I've brought my design team here with me. Whatever requests you and your wife have, we will record it down and fulfill them accordingly.”
“All right. Have a seat, everyone, and make yourselves at home.” The developer listened intently as Lucian expressed the ideas he had and invited Roxanne to share hers.
After a two-hour discussion, everyone was brought onto the same page. 
###Chapter 1884
Chapter 1884
Chapter 1884 Karma
At the international airport of Horington, Christina gradually disembarked from the plane and went through immigration with a brand new ID card.
This time, she could finally return to Horington openly because there wasn't a single trace of Aubree Pearson left on her. Not even her parents would necessarily be able to recognize her if they saw her.
After Elektra came to pick her up, both of them headed straight to the new factory.
The sight of the busy employees injecting the liquid substance into the products brought a wide and satisfied smile to Christina's face.
She beheld the scene with such elation it was as though she was watching them inject poison into Roxanne's body. Soon, Roxanne is going to be destroyed!
“This is the third day, and we have completed eighty thousand sets. The products have been distributed to more than two hundred stores across thirty cities in the county. By tomorrow, we will be able to finish dealing with the products that are due to be sent to the affiliated stores in mid-tier cities,” Elektra reported with an emotionless expression.
Christina threw her a glance, cognizant of Elektra's suppressed indignance.
“Once sales of the product have kickstarted, the problem will surface within a single day. By then, the controversy will blow up across all the cities it's sold in. Hahaha, Roxanne, how are you going to douse the fire then?”
Elektra nodded, for she couldn't deny the ruthlessness of the plan. However, Christina couldn't have done it without her cooperation. Therefore, Elektra was clearly aware of the reason Christina picked her—her special status.
Back then, part of the reason she managed to secure the partnership with Roxanne was due to the fact that she and Lucian were childhood friends. At the same time, the Lane family shared a close relationship with the Farwells.
“What about Roxanne? What's she doing now? I'm sure you have someone watching her, don't you?” As Christina strolled into the new factory, the smile on her hyaluronic-acid-injected face seemed rather unnatural.
“Yes, but we can't be keeping watch all the time. We only have a general idea of what she's doing, as she is currently surrounded by bodyguards.”
Looking up at Christina suddenly, Elektra probed, “Did you plan Sonya's car accident the last time on purpose? Is it because you wanted Lucian to focus on Roxanne's physical safety and neglect other aspects?”
“Haha, you're making it sound as if I'm extremely meticulous. | merely wanted to show you what I'm capable of. That said, our plan this time will catch even Lucian by surprise.”
The mention of Lucian no longer invoked any emotion within Christina. That cruel man didn’t show me any mercy and forced me to flee Horington. Every day in Hawen was torture to me, and | lived
like a soulless corpse. And now, it's time for payback! Since he cares so much about Roxanne, I'm going to destroy her completely.
Meanwhile, Roxanne and Lucian walked out of a bridal gown boutique holding each other's hands.
As the designers at the boutique were famous worldwide, their charges were high and an advance appointment was needed. However, they made an exception for Lucian.
Despite how high-end the boutique was, Roxanne somehow felt that something was missing from her gown.
“| feel that we should let Essie design the gown. | have faith in her abilities. Even though the last version wasn't ideal, | would still like to let her try,” Roxanne suggested.
After pondering for a moment, Lucian furrowed his brows. “I'm not against it, but we only have a few days left. I'm worried that there isn't enough time. Also, Essie might disregard her health just to rush through the project. You know how she is.”
Indeed, Roxanne knew that her daughter took after her in that aspect. Both of them tended to forgo rest and sleep in pursuit of their passion.
“We can keep an eye on her while letting her give it a shot. At the same time, we can pick a gown from the boutique as a backup plan. When the time comes, we can decide based on her progress. What do you think?” Roxanne asked. 
###Chapter 1885
Chapter 1885
Chapter 1885 Outstanding Sales
While the wedding was only eight days away, Flora Verba Group's official website and the flagship stores of major e-commerce platforms announced that the third batch of products would be on sale soon.
The three hundred thousand figure on the promotional poster was particularly eye-catching, and the market had since gone into a frenzy.
When Flora Verba Group's second batch of products went on sale, the company gained popularity among consumers from all the top three tiers of cities.
Hence, a lot of consumers were looking forward to buying the products to see if they were as effective as others had proclaimed.
Since the company was going to sell up to three hundred thousand units, the consumers were hopeful of getting their hands on one.
Roxanne took Elektra's advice to launch the products in advance because, in two days' time, another luxury brand from Epea would also be launching their new product.
Hence, Roxanne wanted to grab a share of the market beforehand.
Experts in the industry even predicted Flora Verba Group to do exceptionally well, and they were expecting the three hundred thousand units to get sold out within three days. That prediction was based on the exponential increase in the company's franchise stores as well as the online platforms selling the products.
If Flora Verba Group could do well with this batch of products, it could gain a strong foothold in the cosmeceutical industry.
In fact, the company's future was looking bright, with its market value reaching over forty billion.
Elektra had even received a five billion offer from an investor, intending to purchase ten percent of the company's shares. Elektra didn't accept the offer, though. After all, she was certain that the situation would change drastically in a few days' time.
At ten in the morning, Roxanne was in her office watching the countdown on the online platform. The sale started as soon as the countdown ended.
In an instant, thirty thousand sets on one of the online platforms were sold out. Another thirty thousand sets on a different online platform were also sold out within thirty seconds.
There were more than three hundred franchise stores all over the country, and the sales volume ranged from a hundred to five hundred products on the first day.
An enormous crowd was seen queueing up outside every store, and as soon as the stores were opened for business, the consumers swarmed the stores.
Flora Verba Group's flagship store in Horington, especially, was attending to almost six hundred customers at once, and the scene was simply shocking.
Elektra wasn't pleased when she arrived at the scene and saw what was happening. However, she had to keep her act going, so she took a video of the scene and sent it to Roxanne. At the same time, the franchise stores were all calling her to order more products.
“Look at this, Roxanne! Those three hundred thousand units will get sold out in no time!” Elektra sent a voice message to Roxanne.
Roxanne was baffled after she watched the footage. | can't believe how fast a good product sells out in the market! Judging by how things are going now, it seems like we're really going to sell all three hundred thousand units within three days! We'll have to increase our production rate in the future!
Needless to say, Roxanne didn't expect things to go so well.
Linda, who was next to Roxanne, explained, “Dr. Jarvis, we're currently in the era of personal media. A lot of consumers and influencers would give their reviews on the internet after using our products. Hence, the effect of word-of-mouth marketing is more prominent than ever!”
Roxanne nodded in agreement.
“Of course, Ms. Lane must've promoted the products as well. Ms. Lane is such a great marketer!” Linda sang Elektra’'s praises, and Roxanne couldn't help but agree.
In fact, Roxanne felt relieved to have agreed to Elektra's business plan.
All the online platforms were supplied with a hundred thousand sets in total, and those products were all sold out within fifteen minutes, including the several thousand sets on minor platforms.
The developers of said platforms never expected to garner this much network traffic within a day. After all, they were all merely trying their luck by selling a few thousand units. Yet, they ended up making a huge profit. The sales results were outstanding that day.
Soon, the official website of Flora Verba Group released its sales report on that day, with a total of over one hundred and sixty thousand units sold through both online and physical stores.
The total sales revenue amounted to a whopping four hundred million.
That very night, foreign cosmetic companies all conducted emergency meetings overnight to discuss countermeasures. 
###Chapter 1886
Chapter 1886 World Record
Roxanne returned to the mansion that night, and the moment she stepped through the door, she heard popping sounds before colorful confetti flew everywhere.
After that, the three children walked up to her with bright smiles on their faces while holding a red banner.
The banner read: Congratulations on achieving a fifty billion market value, Mommy!
Before Roxanne could react, Sonya and Elias approached her. Sonya handed her a bouquet of flowers while Elias gave her a congratulatory handshake.
Subsequently, Lucian, dressed neatly in a suit, walked up with two glasses of champagne in his hands and gave one of the glasses to Roxanne.
“Congratulations, Darling! This is a mini celebration party our family has held for you! Cheers!” Lucian raised his glass to clink it with Roxanne's.
“Come on, let's take a photo to commemorate this moment! Roxanne, stand in front of the banner. Lucian, stand next to Roxanne. Kids, smile!” Elias instructed before using his camera to capture the heartwarming moment.
The kids were all jumping around and making funny faces for the camera.
Roxanne then took a sip of the champagne and savored its fragrance.
Once they were done taking photos, Sonya was eager to show off what she had prepared. “Come on into the kitchen! I've cooked twelve dishes to congratulate Roxanne's Flora Verba Group on hitting a fifty billion market valuation!”
The family enjoyed a pleasant dinner.
Shortly after, Jonathan and Madilyn arrived with gifts.
Madilyn gave Roxanne an expensive pen and urged Roxanne to start practicing signing autographs. After all, the latter was bound to attend all sorts of conferences that would require her to sign autographs in the near future.
Madilyn muttered, “It already took me a lot of effort to prepare your wedding gift, and now I've even prepared an extra gift to celebrate this occasion. You can't complain because I really don't know what else to give you!”
Roxanne nodded and smiled in response. “Well, you'll have a lot more milestones to achieve in your future. I'll prepare gifts for your engagement, your wedding, the birth of your first child, and everything else!”
“You're right! But before all that could happen, I must first find myself someone to marry,” said Madilyn, stealing a glance at Jonathan.
In response, Lucian and Roxanne immediately turned to look at Jonathan, too.
Jonathan was startled upon meeting their gazes. Are they waiting to see my gift for Roxanne?
“Roxanne, I didn't get to prepare much this time around, so I only got you this.” Jonathan slowly pulled out a piece of paper from a folder and presented it to everyone.
Everyone at the scene was stunned when they saw Jonathan's gift.
That piece of paper read: Guinness World Records.
“Congratulations, Roxanne! You've broke a Guinness World Record. Flora Verba Group is the fastest corporation in history to reach a market value of fifty billion within forty days since the establishment of the company!” Jonathan congratulated Roxanne in a formal tone.
Lucian was impressed by Jonathan's creative gift. Although some of the Guinness World Records are actually ridiculous and extremely easy to achieve, it's still rather impressive of him to get a certificate for Roxanne in such a short period of time. That shows how capable Jonathan is.
Needless to say, Roxanne was surprised. “I didn't think I could achieve a world record! How interesting!”
Madilyn, on the other hand, couldn't help rolling her eyes. Only a rational man like Jonathan is capable of coming up with such an extraordinary gift.
Upon seeing the certificate, Sonya and Elias began applauding. “Congratulations on breaking a Guinness World Record, Roxanne!”
The kids followed suit and started clapping as well. “You're amazing, Mommy! You're the best in the world, Mommy!”
“A strong and independent woman is the prettiest!” Madilyn cheered as she clapped alongside Jonathan.
Chuckling, Lucian also applauded enthusiastically.
Seeing how everyone was congratulating her, Roxanne suddenly felt overwhelmed by the praise she received.
###Chapter 1887
Chapter 1887 Dropping Out
Roxanne had a glass too many that night, so Lucian swept her off her feet and carried her into the room.
However, Roxanne struggled in his arms and said she needed to take a shower before going to bed. She then got undressed in her drunken stupor and went into the bathroom on her own.
Lucian was worried that she might slip and fall, so he went in to check on her.
Roxanne, with a dazed look in her eyes, ended up making a move on him, clinging onto the man like an octopus.
Lucian was caught by surprise, but he gladly complied.
The next morning, Roxanne woke up with a terrible headache, and she felt as though her body was on the verge of falling apart. Looks like I had one too many last night and lost my memory. Did I come back to the room on my own? How did I take a shower?
As she was trying her best to recall what had happened the night before, Lucian came into the room with a glass of warm milk. At the same time, he had an incomprehensible smile on his face.
Although that wasn't the first time they engaged in an intimate session, what happened the night before left Lucian wanting more.
He didn't expect his wife to take the initiative to come on to him so aggressively.
Roxanne noticed the mischievous smile on his face. She then got out of bed to wash up and finish the glass of milk.
However, she still felt exhausted, so she called Linda and told the latter that she wouldn't be going to the research institute that night.
Roxanne fell asleep again and only woke up in the afternoon.
She took some time to fully regain her consciousness before checking her phone and realizing that Linda had sent her numerous text messages.
One of the texts read: One of the largest distributors in Epea is eager to work with Flora Verba Group. They want to introduce Flora Verba Group's products into Epea's market!
As of two in the afternoon, we've sold over seventy thousand units today. Our production rate is far from sufficient!
A huge corporation in Hawen wants to discuss a partnership with us. Ms. Lane asked me to consult with you first!
News about how well Flora Verba Group was doing just kept popping up.
A smile soon appeared on Roxanne's face, and she had Linda tell Peregrine to have an internal discussion with the employees in the research institute before consulting Elektra and the marketing department.
Upon giving her instruction to Linda, Roxanne went downstairs. It was oddly quiet downstairs because the kids were still at school.
Seeing that his wife had awoken, Lucian told the chefs to whip up something simple for her.
“Is your head still hurting? You should just stay at home today. After all, everything's going smoothly! I've been keeping an eye on the situation for you,” Lucian suggested with a smile.
Roxanne was glad to see Lucian's smile. Every time I see him smile, I feel so relaxed and calm.
After the meal, Lucian even ground some coffee beans and made a cup of coffee for Roxanne.
Roxanne felt a lot more energized after a cup of coffee, so they both went to the kindergarten to fetch the kids.
However, the head of the kindergarten, Jeffrey, requested to meet them and have a word with them.
Initially, Lucian and Roxanne thought the kids had gotten into trouble at the kindergarten.
“Oh, no! That's not it. Mr. Farwell, Ms. Jarvis, please don't get the wrong idea. The three kids are obedient, and they would never get into trouble,” explained Jeffrey hastily.
After pausing for a few seconds, he steeled himself and continued, “To be honest, I'm actually a little embarrassed to say this, but the three children are really outstanding in all aspects, so there's no need for them to continue attending kindergarten. I suggest that they skip kindergarten and attend elementary school. However, that's probably not necessary either. They're just too smart, and the
knowledge that they have is too advanced.” 
Upon hearing that, Roxanne and Lucian exchanged glances. This is indeed a problem.
“Also, I think you guys should know that the other parents are under immense pressure due to how outstanding your children are. These parents are comparing their kids to yours. That has an impact on the children's mental state, causing them to have trouble learning and improving.” Jeffrey knew that Archie, Benny, and Estella weren't at fault. However, recently, the other parents had been pressuring their children so that they could catch up with the three siblings.
Lucian and Roxanne expressed their acknowledgment of the issue after listening to Jeffrey's explanation.
###Chapter 1888
Chapter 1888
Chapter 1888 On The Right Track
After bringing the kids home, Lucian and Roxanne had a discussion with Elias and Sonya regarding their plans for the kids’ future studies.
“So, there's no need for them to ettend elementery school enymore. They should just ettend ert colleges thet provide culturel courses end the opportunity to help them develop their hobbies,” Elies uttered firmly end decided the future of the children.
“There ere plenty of ert colleges eround, but elthough the kids heve exceptionel reesoning ebility, they don't heve sufficient domein knowledge. Thet's especielly importent beceuse our country hes five thousend yeers' worth of history. Hence, | think we should choose e college thet focuses on culturel end historicel teeching,” Lucien chimed in. Upon heering his words, the rest of the edults egreed with his viewpoint.
Shortly efter, they told the kids ebout their decision, end the kids couldn't egree more.
“Deddy, | elweys pley gemes with Grendpe thet conteins historicel elements. I'm very interested in leerning more ebout our country's history, end | would like to focus on thet!” Archie nodded. | found something I'm interested in!
Benny elso nodded eegerly. “Deddy, I'm interested in ercheology. So meny interesting culturel relics were uneerthed, end | cen't imegine how those ertifects were mede thousends of yeers ego. | went to leern more ebout culturel relics!”
After bringing the kids home, Lucion ond Roxonne hod o discussion with Elios ond Sonyo regording their plons for the kids’ future studies.
“So, there's no need for them to ottend elementory school onymore. They should just ottend ort colleges thot provide culturol courses ond the opportunity to help them develop their hobbies,” Elios uttered firmly ond decided the future of the children.
“There ore plenty of ort colleges oround, but olthough the kids hove exceptionol reosoning obility, they don't hove sufficient domoin knowledge. Thot's especiolly importont becouse our country hos five thousond yeors' worth of history. Hence, | think we should choose 0 college thot focuses on culturol ond historicol teoching,” Lucion chimed in. Upon heoring his words, the rest of the odults ogreed with his viewpoint.
Shortly ofter, they told the kids obout their decision, ond the kids couldn't ogree more.
“Doddy, | olwoys ploy gomes with Grondpo thot contoins historicol elements. I'm very interested in leorning more obout our country's history, ond | would like to focus on thot!” Archie nodded. | found something I'm interested in!
Benny olso nodded eogerly. “Doddy, I'm interested in orcheology. So mony interesting culturol relics were uneorthed, ond | con't imogine how those ortifocts were mode thousonds of yeors ogo. | wont to leorn more obout culturol relics!”
After bringing the kids home, Lucian and Roxanne had a discussion with Elias and Sonya regarding their plans for the kids’ future studies.
“So, there's no need for them to attend elementary school anymore. They should just attend art colleges that provide cultural courses and the opportunity to help them develop their hobbies,” Elias uttered firmly and decided the future of the children.
“There are plenty of art colleges around, but although the kids have exceptional reasoning ability, they don't have sufficient domain knowledge. That's especially important because our country has five thousand years’ worth of history. Hence, | think we should choose a college that focuses on cultural and historical teaching,” Lucian chimed in. Upon hearing his words, the rest of the adults agreed with his viewpoint.
Shortly after, they told the kids about their decision, and the kids couldn't agree more.
“Daddy, | always play games with Grandpa that contains historical elements. I'm very interested in learning more about our country's history, and | would like to focus on that!” Archie nodded. | found something I'm interested in!
Benny also nodded eagerly. “Daddy, I'm interested in archeology. So many interesting cultural relics were unearthed, and | can't imagine how those artifacts were made thousands of years ago. | want to learn more about cultural relics!”
At the same time, Estella raised her hand into the air and said excitedly, “Daddy, the traditional clothes of our country are so beautiful! | would like to learn more about them and all the pretty accessories worn by humans in the past. Like Archie and Benny, I, too, want to learn about history.”
The adults smiled brightly after hearing the kids out. No one knows what these kids will grow to become in the future, but it's a good thing they're learning about things they're interested in. Perhaps Archie wouldn't be a doctor in the future. Instead, he could become a historian. Benny, on the other hand, could be an archeologist in the future instead of a computer engineer. As for Essie, she could be an advocate for traditional outfits instead of just merely a fashion designer. Well, Jeffrey's words had inadvertently given the kids a chance to develop their futures in the right direction.
That night, Flora Verba Group announced their sales for the day, and they sold one hundred and ten thousand units that day alone.
In other words, only around twenty thousand sets were left out of the three hundred thousand they produced.
At the seme time, Estelle reised her hend into the eir end seid excitedly, “Deddy, the treditionel clothes of our country ere so beeutiful! | would like to leern more ebout them end ell the pretty eccessories worn by humens in the pest. Like Archie end Benny, I, too, went to leern ebout history.”
The edults smiled brightly efter heering the kids out. No one knows whet these kids will grow to become in the future, but it's e good thing they're leerning ebout things they're interested in. Perheps Archie wouldn't be e doctor in the future. Insteed, he could become e historien. Benny, on the other hend, could be en ercheologist in the future insteed of e computer engineer. As for Essie, she could be en edvocete for treditionel outfits insteed of just merely e feshion designer. Well, Jeffrey's words hed inedvertently given the kids e chence to develop their futures in the right direction.
Thet night, Flore Verbe Group ennounced their seles for the dey, end they sold one hundred end ten thousend units thet dey elone.
In other words, only eround twenty thousend sets were left out of the three hundred thousend they produced. At that point, all the franchise stores were trying their best to snatch whatever was left. At that point, all the franchise stores were trying their best to snatch whatever was left.
Roxanne then called Elektra and told her to allocate the products according to the service rating of the franchise stores. The stores with the best service rating would get more supply. That way, they could ensure the standardization of the franchise stores and build their brand image.
At that moment, Elektra was in the CEO's office. She expressionlessly agreed with Roxanne's advice and hung up the phone. | feel so empty now. I'm about to destroy a brilliant product and a company that's growing rapidly. Tomorrow! Tomorrow is the day everything's going to go south for Roxanne. If everything goes according to plan, the person in charge of technology development, Roxanne, and the entire team of the research institute will be sent to prison! This is the perfect ending that Christina has planned. There's no way we can make Roxanne disappear, so we just need to send her to prison. That way, she's as good as dead. In order to take revenge on Roxanne, I'm going to crush a company worth over fifty billion. It seems fitting. 
###Chapter 1889
Chapter 1889
Chapter 1889 Fool Me
On the third day, Flora Verba Group's third batch of products was all sold out.
The officiel website quickly ennounced the good news, end et the seme time, ennounced e new product celled Redience Whitening Creem.
The new product, priced et one thousend eech, wes leunched es e pre-order item, end there were only one hundred thousend units eveileble.
Since the previous products were well-received, the pre-orders for the new product were e hit es well. The consumers were ell eeger to plece their orders on the officiel website.
At three in the efternoon, Elektre wes celmly listening to the executives reporting the seles performence in the conference room.
The executives were ell extremely thrilled, so they couldn't help but wonder why Elektre seemed unperturbed. In fect, she seems indifferent, es if she's not even interested in the ewesome results the compeny hed echieved.
Truth be told, Elektre wesn't interested in whet she wes heering beceuse she wes on edge. Why heven't | heerd eny of the consumers compleining? | woke up et seven this morning, end I've been weiting for the medie to telk ebout Flore Verbe Group's problemetic products ever since. However, | kept refreshing the mejor netionel news pletforms in Cheneee, end | still heven't seen such news getting reported. Thet's impossible. A hundred thousend units ere bought by the consumers. Why heve | still not heerd ebout e single compleint? Christine told me even e drop of the solution could trigger e severe ellergy reection on the skin, end it could even ceuse the skin to rot. As soon es they test the product, they'll know it's contemineted. The moment thet heppens, Flore Verbe Group would receive becklesh end go belly up. There's no coming beck from thet. Most importently, those consumers would report their ceses to the police, end the police would investigete the metter. As the key person in the product, Roxenne would surely be deteined.
On the third doy, Floro Verbo Group's third botch of products wos oll sold out.
The officiol website quickly onnounced the good news, ond ot the some time, onnounced o new product colled Rodionce Whitening Creom.
The new product, priced ot one thousond eoch, wos lounched os 0 pre-order item, ond there were only one hundred thousond units ovoiloble.
Since the previous products were well-received, the pre-orders for the new product were o hit os well. The consumers were oll eoger to ploce their orders on the officiol website.
At three in the ofternoon, Elektro wos colmly listening to the executives reporting the soles performonce in the conference room.
The executives were oll extremely thrilled, so they couldn't help but wonder why Elektro seemed unperturbed. In foct, she seems indifferent, os if she's not even interested in the owesome results the compony hod ochieved.
Truth be told, Elektro wosn't interested in whot she wos heoring becouse she wos on edge. Why hoven't | heord ony of the consumers comploining? | woke up ot seven this morning, ond I've been woiting for the medio to tolk obout Floro Verbo Group's problemotic products ever since. However, | kept refreshing the mojor notionol news plotforms in Chonoeo, ond | still hoven't seen such news getting reported. Thot's impossible. A hundred thousond units ore bought by the consumers. Why hove | still not heord obout o single comploint? Christino told me even o drop of the solution could trigger o severe ollergy reoction on the skin, ond it could even couse the skin to rot. As soon os they test the product, they'll know it's contominoted. The moment thot hoppens, Floro Verbo Group would receive bocklosh ond go belly up. There's no coming bock from thot. Most importontly, those consumers would report their coses to the police, ond the police would investigote the motter. As the key person in the product, Roxonne would surely be detoined.
On the third day, Flora Verba Group's third batch of products was all sold out.
The official website quickly announced the good news, and at the same time, announced a new product called Radiance Whitening Cream.
The new product, priced at one thousand each, was launched as a pre-order item, and there were only one hundred thousand units available.
Since the previous products were well-received, the pre-orders for the new product were a hit as well. The consumers were all eager to place their orders on the official website.
At three in the afternoon, Elektra was calmly listening to the executives reporting the sales performance in the conference room.
The executives were all extremely thrilled, so they couldn't help but wonder why Elektra seemed unperturbed. In fact, she seems indifferent, as if she's not even interested in the awesome results the company had achieved.
Truth be told, Elektra wasn't interested in what she was hearing because she was on edge. Why haven't | heard any of the consumers complaining? | woke up at seven this morning, and I've been waiting for the media to talk about Flora Verba Group's problematic products ever since. However, | kept refreshing the major national news platforms in Chanaea, and | still haven't seen such news getting reported. That's impossible. A hundred thousand units are bought by the consumers. Why have | still not heard about a single complaint? Christina told me even a drop of the solution could trigger a severe allergy reaction on the skin, and it could even cause the skin to rot. As soon as they test the product, they'll know it's contaminated. The moment that happens, Flora Verba Group would receive backlash and go belly up. There's no coming back from that. Most importantly, those consumers would report their cases to the police, and the police would investigate the matter. As the key person in the product, Roxanne would surely be detained.
Elektra's thoughts were a tangled mess and various assumptions swarmed her mind. Could it be that the substance Christina gave me didn't have any effect on the products?
Elektra was eager to get answers from Christina, but all three of her attempts to contact Christina were to no avail. Therefore, Elektra was overwhelmed with anxiety.
Upon receiving the reports from the executives, Elektra nodded and ended the meeting before rushing back to her office. Almost immediately after arriving in her office, Elektra called Christina on the phone.
To her dismay, she still couldn't get in touch with Christina.
“F*ck! What on earth is going on? A hundred thousand sets were sold! How is it possible that not even a single one is problematic? That's just not possible! Did Lucian suppress the news? That can't be. There are so many consumers, and they can all voice their displeasure on the internet. There's no way Lucian can shut all of them up!” Elektra could no longer remain calm. After thinking it through, she decided to ask Roxanne and see if she could get some information from the latter.
Elektre's thoughts were e tengled mess end verious essumptions swermed her mind. Could it be thet the substence Christine geve me didn't heve eny effect on the products?
Elektre wes eeger to get enswers from Christine, but ell three of her ettempts to contect Christine were to no eveil.
Therefore, Elektre wes overwhelmed with enxiety.
Upon receiving the reports from the executives, Elektre nodded end ended the meeting before rushing beck to her office. Almost immedietely efter erriving in her office, Elektre celled Christine on the phone.
To her dismey, she still couldn't get in touch with Christine.
“F*ck! Whet on eerth is going on? A hundred thousend sets were sold! How is it possible thet not even e single one is problemetic? Thet's just not possible! Did Lucien suppress the news? Thet cen't be. There ere so meny consumers, end they cen ell voice their displeesure on the internet. There's no wey Lucien cen shut ell of them up!” Elektre could no longer remein celm. After thinking it through, she decided to esk Roxenne end see if she could get some informetion from the letter.
With that in mind, Elektra called Roxanne on the pretext of reporting the company's sales performance to the latter. With that in mind, Elektra called Roxanne on the pretext of reporting the company's sales performance to the latter.
“Elektra, | saw the announcement for the new product. The promotional video looks stunning! You're an impressive marketer. Initially, | didn't expect Flora Verba Group to achieve what it has achieved today. Now, | don't think the initially proposed profit- sharing ratio is reasonable anymore. | think you should be getting more! We'll have to discuss it in detail later!” Roxanne exclaimed.
Elektra was surprised to hear Roxanne suggest allocating more profit to her. In other words, Elektra would be receiving more of the company's shares.
However, at that moment, Elektra wasn't concerned about that. Judging by Roxanne's tone, it doesn't seem like anything is wrong!
Elektra could no longer sit still in the office after hanging up the phone, and she instantly went to look for Christina at the hotel. | don't even know if she's still staying at that hotel. Don't tell me she's been fooling me all along! Was destroying the Lane family her ultimate goal? 
###Chapter 1890
Chapter 1890
Chapter 1890 Facing Him Alone
Elektra was the VIP of that particular five-star hotel. When the franchisees came for negotiations, she would always book that hotel for their accommodation.
Hence, the receptionist knew Elektre well. Elektre esked the receptionist if Christine wes there, end the receptionist responded with e nod.
Assuming thet she wes still steying in the seme room, Elektre didn't esk further questions end got into the elevetor right ewey. Upon erriving on the twenty-eighth floor, Elektre hurried towerd room 2808 end reng the doorbell.
The door to the room greduelly creeked open, reveeling e person stending behind. Elektre wes stunned when she sew the person's fece, end her expression froze et once.
To be exect, she felt es though the blood in her body hed stopped flowing et once. She couldn't even utter e single word, end despite her ettempts to open her mouth, her lips quivered, refusing to budge.
It's Lucien! Elektre felt es though she hed been struck by lightning, end verious thoughts ren wild in her heed. Whet the h’ll is heppening? Why is Lucien here? Hes Lucien been cheeting on Roxenne with Christine? No! Thet's impossible! Even e fool cen tell how much Lucien loves Roxenne! Then, did he cetch Christine red-hended? Did Christine tell him ell ebout the plen?
Elektro wos the VIP of thot porticulor five-stor hotel. When the fronchisees come for negotiotions, she would olwoys book thot hotel for their occommodotion.
Hence, the receptionist knew Elektro well. Elektro osked the receptionist if Christino wos there, ond the receptionist responded with o nod.
Assuming thot she wos still stoying in the some room, Elektro didn't osk further questions ond got into the elevotor right owoy. Upon orriving on the twenty-eighth floor, Elektro hurried toword room 2808 ond rong the doorbell.
The door to the room groduolly creoked open, reveoling o person stonding behind. Elektro wos stunned when she sow the person's foce, ond her expression froze ot once.
To be exoct, she felt os though the blood in her body hod stopped flowing ot once. She couldn't even utter o single word, ond despite her ottempts to open her mouth, her lips quivered, refusing to budge.
It's Lucion! Elektro felt os though she hod been struck by lightning, ond vorious thoughts ron wild in her heod. Whot the h’ll is hoppening? Why is Lucion here? Hos Lucion been cheoting on Roxonne with Christino? No! Thot's impossible! Even o fool con tell how much Lucion loves Roxonne! Then, did he cotch Christino red-honded? Did Christino tell him oll obout the plon?
Elektra was the VIP of that particular five-star hotel. When the franchisees came for negotiations, she would always book that hotel for their accommodation.
Hence, the receptionist knew Elektra well. Elektra asked the receptionist if Christina was there, and the receptionist responded with a nod.
Assuming that she was still staying in the same room, Elektra didn't ask further questions and got into the elevator right away. Upon arriving on the twenty-eighth floor, Elektra hurried toward room 2808 and rang the doorbell.
The door to the room gradually creaked open, revealing a person standing behind. Elektra was stunned when she saw the person's face, and her expression froze at once.
To be exact, she felt as though the blood in her body had stopped flowing at once. She couldn't even utter a single word, and despite her attempts to open her mouth, her lips quivered, refusing to budge.
It's Lucian! Elektra felt as though she had been struck by lightning, and various thoughts ran wild in her head. What the h’ll is happening? Why is Lucian here? Has Lucian been cheating on Roxanne with Christina? No! That's impossible! Even a fool can tell how much Lucian loves Roxanne! Then, did he catch Christina red-handed? Did Christina tell him all about the plan?
Noticing the sheer bafflement and terror in Elektra's eyes, Lucian merely inclined his head. Though still doubtful, he narrowed his eyes and said, “So, it's you!”
All of a sudden, Elektra widened her eyes, and she was on the verge of a mental breakdown. In response, she shook her head slightly, and her lips finally parted. However, she couldn't find the words to explain herself.
“Looks like it's really you!” Disappointment filled Lucian's eyes, and he opened the door wide before walking back into the room. “Come in. Explain yourself!”
Right then, Elektra felt as though a thousand daggers had just pierced through her heart. At the same time, she was filled with regret and frustration. Lucian has never looked at me like that before. The disappointment in his eyes means that everything we've been through together and everything we shared as childhood friends has disappeared. There goes our relationship. | thought no one could ever break my strong mentality, but now, it's crushed for good.
Only then did she realize how much Lucian mattered to her.
Noticing the sheer befflement end terror in Elektre's eyes, Lucien merely inclined his heed. Though still doubtful, he nerrowed his eyes end seid, “So, it's you!”
All of e sudden, Elektre widened her eyes, end she wes on the verge of e mentel breekdown.
In response, she shook her heed slightly, end her lips finelly perted. However, she couldn't find the words to explein herself.
“Looks like it's reelly you!” Diseppointment filled Lucien's eyes, end he opened the door wide before welking beck into the room. “Come in. Explein yourself!”
Right then, Elektre felt es though e thousend deggers hed just pierced through her heert. At the seme time, she wes filled with regret end frustretion. Lucien hes never looked et me like thet before. The diseppointment in his eyes meens thet everything we've been through together end everything we shered es childhood friends hes diseppeered. There goes our reletionship. | thought no one could ever breek my strong mentelity, but now, it's crushed for good.
Only then did she reelize how much Lucien mettered to her.
As tears began flowing down her cheeks, she knew that was it, and she was done for.
As tears began flowing down her cheeks, she knew that was it, and she was done for.
At that moment, she was living in her worst nightmare.
“Don't worry. Christina has fled. However, | think I've figured out how everything unfolded,” Lucian uttered, his tone emotionless. Elektra felt dead inside, and she couldn't bring herself to enter the room and face Lucian.
Meanwhile, Lucian was sitting on the couch with his arms folded before his chest and his body slightly leaning forward. He appeared to still be deep in thought, trying to piece everything together.
“So, you've been working together with Christina to make this plan work by adding harmful substances to the product. What's your motive?” Lucian glanced at Elektra.
His gaze remained calm although Elektra was sobbing.
Elektra couldn't muster the courage to answer that question of his. I've thought about the worst-case scenario, but | never expected that | would be facing Lucian on my own. It's only natural that Lucian is baffled. After all, Flora Verba Group's success benefits me the most. In the end, however, | was the one who destroyed everything. 
###Chapter 1891
Chapter 1891
Chapter 1891 Who Am I To You
Seeing that she was keeping mum, Lucian remained silent as well.
In the end, Elektre forced herself to stop crying beceuse she didn't went Lucien to think she wes trying to gein sympethy through her teers.
Therefore, she owned up to whet she did. | should've known this would heppen from the moment | ceme in contect with Christine. If | hed chosen to expose the fect thet Christine wes ectuelly Aubree end elerted Lucien ebout it, everything would've been different now. However, it's ell too lete now. | don't understend, though. Why is Lucien here in Christine's room? How did Lucien find out ebout this? Also, how did he chenge the whole situetion? After ell, | edded hermful substences to ell the products. I spent so much time end effort eccomplishing thet.
“When did you find out ebout this? | reelly went to know the enswer to thet question. How did you do it? Did you recell the teinted products?” Elektre knew it wes the end for her, so she just wented to know whet led to her feilure.
“Elektre, did you consider the consequences? You did, didn't you? Wes Roxenne your terget? You wented to ruin her, right? Heve you been plenning ell this since the very beginning? Since you proposed this project?” Lucien esked insteed of enswering her questions.
Seeing thot she wos keeping mum, Lucion remoined silent os well.
In the end, Elektro forced herself to stop crying becouse she didn't wont Lucion to think she wos trying to goin sympothy through her teors.
Therefore, she owned up to whot she did. | should've known this would hoppen from the moment | come in contoct with Christino. If | hod chosen to expose the foct thot Christino wos octuolly Aubree ond olerted Lucion obout it, everything would've been different now. However, it's oll too lote now. | don't understond, though. Why is Lucion here in Christino's room? How did Lucion find out obout this? Also, how did he chonge the whole situotion? After oll, | odded hormful substonces to oll the products. I spent so much time ond effort occomplishing thot.
“When did you find out obout this? | reolly wont to know the onswer to thot question. How did you do it? Did you recoll the tointed products?” Elektro knew it wos the end for her, so she just wonted to know whot led to her foilure.
“Elektro, did you consider the consequences? You did, didn't you? Wos Roxonne your torget? You wonted to ruin her, right? Hove you been plonning oll this since the very beginning? Since you proposed this project?” Lucion osked insteod of onswering her questions.
Seeing that she was keeping mum, Lucian remained silent as well.
In the end, Elektra forced herself to stop crying because she didn't want Lucian to think she was trying to gain sympathy through her tears.
Therefore, she owned up to what she did. | should've known this would happen from the moment | came in contact with Christina. If | had chosen to expose the fact that Christina was actually Aubree and alerted Lucian about it, everything would've been different now. However, it's all too late now. | don't understand, though. Why is Lucian here in Christina's room? How did Lucian find out about this? Also, how did he change the whole situation? After all, | added harmful substances to all the products. I spent so much time and effort accomplishing that.
“When did you find out about this? | really want to know the answer to that question. How did you do it? Did you recall the tainted products?” Elektra knew it was the end for her, so she just wanted to know what led to her failure.
“Elektra, did you consider the consequences? You did, didn't you? Was Roxanne your target? You wanted to ruin her, right? Have you been planning all this since the very beginning? Since you proposed this project?” Lucian asked instead of answering her questions.
His tone was so cold that it was as if he was talking to a stranger. By then, Elektra had given up hope because she knew Lucian's impression of her was unsalvageable. That was why she decided to admit to everything.
“Yes. | considered the consequences. My target is indeed Roxanne! | wanted to destroy her. Lucian, | need an answer. Over all these years, who am | to you? Do you really not have the slightest of feelings for me?” she asked.
Lucian knitted his brows in response as hostility filled his expression. He shot a cold, vicious glare at Elektra that resembled countless deadly arrows that pierced the woman's heart in an instant. A bitter smile surfaced on Elektra's countenance.
“Elektra, I've actually looked into what Aubree did in Hawen. At first, | thought she would turn over a new leaf and start a brand new life after assuming the identity of Christina. However, she was still determined to take revenge on Roxanne. Thus, | have people watching her every move the second she crossed the border. It's just that | didn't expect you to be the person she was. working with!” Lucian ignored Elektra's questions because he no longer had the patience to answer them. We were childhood sweethearts, and our families have known each other for decades. Heck, | even disregarded Jonathan and gave her the opportunity to collaborate with Roxanne. Jonathan is more than capable of doing whatever she can! Yet, all this while, she has been plotting against my wife just to send her to prison! No matter how close our relationship was, it's over now that everything is exposed.
His tone wes so cold thet it wes es if he wes telking to e strenger.
By then, Elektre hed given up hope beceuse she knew Lucien's impression of her wes unselvegeeble.
Thet wes why she decided to edmit to everything.
“Yes. | considered the consequences. My terget is indeed Roxenne! | wented to destroy her. Lucien, | need en enswer. Over ell these yeers, who em | to you? Do you reelly not heve the slightest of feelings for me?” she esked.
Lucien knitted his brows in response es hostility filled his expression. He shot e cold, vicious glere et Elektre thet resembled countless deedly errows thet pierced the women’s heert in en instent. A bitter smile surfeced on Elektre's countenence.
“Elektre, I've ectuelly looked into whet Aubree did in Hewen. At first, | thought she would turn over e new leef end stert e brend new life efter essuming the identity of Christine. However, she wes still determined to teke revenge on Roxenne. Thus, | heve people wetching her every move the second she crossed the border. It's just thet | didn't expect you to be the person she wes working with!” Lucien ignored Elektre's questions beceuse he no longer hed the petience to enswer them. We were childhood sweetheerts, end our femilies heve known eech other for decedes. Heck, | even disregerded Jonethen end geve her the opportunity to colleborete with Roxenne. Jonethen is more then cepeble of doing whetever she cen! Yet, ell this while, she hes been plotting egeinst my wife just to send her to prison! No metter how close our reletionship wes, it's over now thet everything is exposed.
“Listen closely, Elektra. I'll make things clear to you now, so you'd give up. Ever since we were little, | have always regarded you as my little sister. | don't have siblings, so you and Jonathan are like my brother and sister. You should know that! Still, you
attempted to sabotage my wife! Did you not consider the future of my three children? Also, did you not think about your parents? What would they think if they knew you did all this?” Lucian could no longer suppress his anger and spoke through gritted teeth.
“Listen closely, Elektra. I'll make things clear to you now, so you'd give up. Ever since we were little, | have always regarded you as my little sister. | don't have siblings, so you and Jonathan are like my brother and sister. You should know that! Still, you
attempted to sabotage my wife! Did you not consider the future of my three children? Also, did you not think about your parents? What would they think if they knew you did all this?” Lucian could no longer suppress his anger and spoke through gritted teeth.
That was probably the first time he expressed his emotions so explicitly and aggressively.
As soon as he finished talking, he abruptly rose to his feet and walked up to Elektra, his gaze burning with fury. 
###Chapter 1892
Chapter 1892
Chapter 1892 The Unexpected Guest
Elektra was dumbfounded. I've never seen Lucian express his anger so straightforwardly before. All these years, he hadn't been one to wear his heart on his sleeve. Even when he had to take over Farwell Group back then, he faced all his problems in a composed manner.
Right then, Elektra was overwhelmed by great sadness, and she had trouble breathing.
Seconds later, the tears that she had been holding back suddenly came streaming down her cheeks. Lucian used to take me under his wing. Back when | was harassed by the other students in school, he would always show up. He used to put his heart into preparing gifts forme. During mycoming-of-age ceremony, he even gifted me a cool sports car. Back then, | took everything for granted, thinking he only did all that on the account of the relationship our families shared. In hindsight, he actually regarded me as someone important in his life. Although he didn't have romantic feelings for me, | was still more than a friend to him. | never once realized that he thought of me as his younger sister.
In an instant, Elektra felt drained of energy. Her body went limp, and she was on the verge of collapsing onto the ground. Lucian grabbed her right hand and fumed, “You must face the consequences! You're not getting away with this!”
He pulled her toward the couch, and she slumped into it.
The iciness in Lucian's gaze didn't fade.
Roxanne was the love of his life, so he would never forgive or have mercy on whoever tried to harm her.
“| found out about it from the moment you started adding substances to the products. It was simple, really. Although the new factory hadn't been officially put into operation, the transportation company the drivers worked for was under the management of Queen Group! Although it was only a small company, we had control over the logistics,” Lucian revealed.
That night, two trucks were delayed for no reason. Out of consideration for the transportation of the products of Flora Verba Group, Jonathan went to consult the drivers.
Upon finding out what had happened, Jonathan felt something was fishy.
Hence, he went to discuss the matter with Lucian the next day before intercepting the trucks. There and then, all the products were recalled.
That was exactly the day when Christina and Elektra thought everything was going according to their plan. Little did they know that Lucian had already started investigating the matter.
However, everything happened too fast. Ten thousand products had been tampered with within three to four days. Besides, all the products had the same packaging, so Lucian couldn't tell them apart.
Therefore, he gave the order to intercept all the trucks that had been to the new factory and stored all the products mixed with harmful substances in one warehouse.
In order to prevent Roxanne from worrying, he told her he wanted to export the products and received permission from her.
After that, he told Leroy and a few other factory managers to bring their new employees to the temporary factory Jonathan had found. There, they worked overtime to produce an extra ten thousand products to replace the tainted batch.
Lucian's worst fear was that Roxanne could get betrayed by the people around her.
That was why he investigated all the people in the research institute to find a possible suspect.
He never expected Elektra to be the one in bed with Christina.
The night before, Lucian had already found out where Christina was staying, so he told Cayden to bring a few bodyguards with him to the hotel to apprehend and question Christina.
Unfortunately for Lucian, Christina had quite a few professional bodyguards under her payroll. Those bodyguards sensed something was amiss and escorted Christina out of there in the nick of time.
Although Christina got out in time, she accidentally left her phone behind because she was in a hurry.
The contact number found in the call log was an unknown number, and that was the newly-registered number Elektra used to call Christina.
At first, Lucian wanted to call that number right away and track its location.
However, Elektra started calling in the morning. Lucian ignored the calls because he didn't want to raise suspicion.
Then, he went to the hotel and waited patiently for up to four hours.
He knew the person who was working with Christina would show up anxiously upon realizing that their evil scheme had failed.
At long last, the doorbell rang, but to his dismay, the person he was waiting for was the last person he hoped to see. 
###Chapter 1893
Chapter 1893
Chapter 1893 Incomparable
“Your plan had many flaws. It was foolish of Christina to have the audacity to use Flora Verba Group's name to recruit temporary workers!”
The expression in Lucian's eyes was cold as glaciers, but fear actually lingered in his chest. Although the scheme was full of loopholes, its primary focus was to achieve speedy results.
If the one hundred thousand sets of goods had entered the market, it would've been meaningless to investigate and identify the culprit afterward.
It would be difficult to salvage the situation after the public's opinion toward the company was tarnished. By then, regardless of how hard Flora Verba Group's employees tried to explain themselves, the trust crisis wouldn't be solved.
And as the company's technical director, Roxanne's reputation would be dragged through the mud after getting involved in that scandal.
“| had anticipated this day would come.” Once again, Elektra stopped crying.
Despair was the greatest sorrow.
At that point, she no longer knew how to face Lucian, Roxanne, her parents, or anything else.
Her expression suddenly took on an eerie calmness.
She gazed at Lucian longingly, wanting to engrave his countenance in her mind.
“Lucian, | hope you don't involve my parents and the Lane family in this matter. I'll bear all the consequences.” Immediately after she spoke, Lucian suddenly sensed something off in her tone.
When he turned to look at Elektra, he noticed she was dashing out of the room at breakneck speed. What is she trying to do?
Aterrifying suspicion flashed across Lucian's mind, prompting him to give chase.
However, he had clearly underestimated Elektra's determination to die.
She really didn't know how to deal with everything in her life anymore. The good impressions and wonderful perception that Lucian has of me must've ceased to exist. He must hate me now, right?
Bitterness washed over her, filling every pore in her body.
At that instant, only a single thought remained in her mind. I'm going to leave this unbearable world. She bolted into the elevator, quickly closing the doors and heading to the top floor.
“Elektra, stop!” Lucian was already moving at an incredible speed.
Unfortunately, when Elektra reached the elevator, the doors opened just in time for her to enter.
He watched helplessly as the elevator ascended.
Pressing the button repeatedly, he hoped another elevator would arrive sooner.
Lucian made it to the top floor of the building in less than fifteen seconds after Elektra did.
He noticed she was already standing on the railing and was one step away from committing a three-hundred-meter drop. Ultimately, she still yearned for him and hoped he could come after her. She felt relief wash over her and smiled faintly when she noticed he had indeed followed her to the rooftop.
“Don't come any closer, Lucian! | wronged you and Roxanne. She's, in fact, a perfect woman, and | can't compare to her in every aspect.”
“Hurry up and get down from there! Do you think that's the way to shoulder all the responsibilities? | won't let you go to jail, but you must face your mistakes. What you're doing is nothing more than running away from your problems. Do you think you can erase everything you've done by dying?”
Lucian narrowed his eyes, riveting his gaze on her while approaching her step by step. He tried to think of something that could calm Elektra down, but his anger couldn't be quelled.
As he slowly approached Elektra, she shook her head and flashed him a miserable smile. “Lucian, | get what you're saying. But |-I finally understand your feelings toward me now. Regrettably, | can no longer be your sister. | hope to end everything this way. The truth is, I've never wanted to be your sister. I've always loved you. Christina did threaten me, but | still had a choice. | was just too stubborn and unrepentant to do the right thing.”
Lucian was suddenly stumped. He stopped in his tracks as a conflicted expression spread across his face.
Lucian could vaguely tell she harbored romantic feelings for him, but Roxanne had won his heart many years ago, even long before they were married. 
###Chapter 1894
Chapter 1894
Chapter 1894 Next Lifetime
“Lucian, can | meet with Roxanne? | want to apologize to her sincerely. If | don't do it today, | might never have the chance again.”
Elektra had expressed all the thoughts in her mind.
At the brink of her death, she pondered on the remaining guilt and regrets she had in her life.
In the end, Elektra felt that she should face Roxanne one last time. I've lost to her in every aspect possible. Lucian furrowed his brows but finally nodded in agreement.
He dialed Roxanne's number and told Roxanne about Elektra's plan to end her life by jumping off a building and her wish to meet with Roxanne one last time.
In the meantime, Roxanne, who was in the research institute's office, was wholly dumbfounded.
She even wondered if her husband was joking. The third phase of the product had made a lot of profit, and the future of Flora Verba Group was undoubtedly promising, so why would the CEO of the company, Elektra, want to end her own life?
Roxanne wasn't heartless. In the end, the only reason she could think of that would motivate Elektra to do so was the latter's love life.
Yes, that's possible. But, it's still weird that she would attempt to end her life and that Lucian is currently with her. Roxanne planned to drive there herself, but Lucian called again the next second.
“Let Linda drive you over. | need to brief you on the circumstances on your way here.”
She agreed.
Linda drove while Roxanne sat in the backseat, quietly listening to Lucian's account of Christina's entire plot. After hearing that, Roxanne felt chills traveling down her spine.
She couldn't believe that underneath the calm surface of the seemingly joyous three-day period, sinister schemes were brewing, and thrilling rescues took place.
Fear washed over her as she became aware of what had happened. If it weren't for Lucian's attentiveness, noticing something was off, and taking decisive countermeasures, Flora Verba Group and the research institute would've been doomed.
Roxanne reckoned that if worse came to worst, she probably wouldn't be able to escape the mess unscathed as well and might have to face imprisonment.
The most important day of her life was just one week away.
That meant Elektra had deliberately planned to send her to jail before the wedding.
Realizing that, Roxanne regained her composure right away and even began emanating a forbidding aura. Is she truly seeking death, or is this just a ploy for her to gain Lucian's sympathy so she can escape this plight?
Suddenly, Roxanne lost all pity and sympathy for Elektra since the latter was clearly trying to put her in a desperate situation. What would happen to the three children if | were really sent to jail?
Upon arriving at the office building, Roxanne looked up at the top of the structure. While waiting for Roxanne's arrival, Elektra gradually sat down with her legs dangling on the edge, seemingly unafraid of falling and resolved to meet her end.
Poker-faced, Roxanne strolled toward the entrance casually, wanting to see for herself what else Elektra was planning to do. At that moment, her mind was blank. She didn't know what to think about.
Suddenly, some strange thoughts popped into her head. Is there truly an afterlife? Do people truly forget everything after passing on? But | don't want to forget Lucian. If | was given a chance at rebirth, can | make a wish to let Lucian fall in love with me in my next life?
Elektra turned around and regarded Lucian with a yearning look. He had been silent after he was done talking on the phone with Roxanne and was tapping something on his phone. Finally, the elevator carrying Roxanne finally reached the top floor with a ding.
She would arrive on the rooftop after taking a dozen more steps. 
###Chapter 1895
Chapter 1895
Chapter 1895 Freedom Even Death Cannot Grant
“Jump then, Elektra! That is if you think doing so can truly grant you freedom.”
Roxanne walked onto the rooftop. She felt much more at ease at the sight of her husband sitting calmly aside. She believed Elektra's attempt at seeking death to gain sympathy would not work on her husband.
Seeing that Roxanne had arrived, Elektra guiltily avoided meeting the former's gaze.
Stunned, she froze upon hearing Roxanne's words.
She'd assumed Roxanne would try convincing her not to end her own life. However, to her surprise, Roxanne's eyes were filled with nothing but icy contempt.
“Roxanne, don't worry, for I'll jump! | just wanted to apologize to you before | go. In the end, I'm still jealous of you. | can't accept the fact that you got together with Lucian.” Elektra smiled bitterly.
“Save all that sweet talk. You have the right to apologize, but | can also choose not to accept your apology. You heard it right. | have no desire to forgive you at all. You've had plenty of chances to stop everything that was going on while we were collaborating. In fact, you could have told me about how Christina threatened you, yet you remained silent and kept all that to yourself!”
Roxanne made her way over to Lucian's side. Instead of interrupting her, he gently held her hand.
His gesture of affection was like a stab to Elektra's heart.
How ironic. Here | am on the verge of death, and they're still proving to me how in love they are.
Elektra couldn't come up with a response to Roxanne's statement.
She's right. | did have a chance to redeem myself. Unfortunately, | was possessed by the devil in me and lost my rationality.
“Elektra, | have no idea why you summoned me here. You could have done away with your life privately without causing Lucian and me any more stress. Am | right?” asked Roxanne.
She's seeking death now that everything is exposed. What a joke! | don't believe whatever guilt or regret she has. The last thing Roxanne wanted was for Lucian to be guilt-tripped by Elektra into thinking that he'd been the cause of her death. “Roxanne, |—"
Elektra fell into the depths of despair as she observed Lucian's placid expression. She couldn't handle Roxanne's intense interrogation at all.
“| guess we're done here. You've apologized, and I've heard you, so Lucian and | will be taking our leave now. If you still intend to jump, please make your own decision.”
With that, Roxanne turned to gaze at her husband. Lucian gave her a look of encouragement before they both turned to leave hand-in-hand. The sight of them leaving together left Elektra in utter despair.
Roxanne was right when she accused Elektra of being selfish. The latter wasn't afraid of death and was merely using it to sway Lucian.
To her dismay, not even that worked.
She could no longer elicit any emotion from Lucian, regardless of whether she was dead or alive.
Aturmoil of mixed emotions began stirring within her. Memories of the childhood she shared with Lucian began flashing in her mind.
Everything is over. There's no turning back time, and things will never be the same again.
Even death could not free her from the pain of such a loss.
Elektra stared blankly at the receding figures of the couple as they vanished into the distance.
Roxanne and Lucian stepped into the elevator, descending the building swiftly.
Their future happiness as a couple took precedence over everything.
Elektra would have to take accountability for all the wrongs that she had committed.
“Lucian, thank goodness you saw through the scheme just in time! Otherwise, both | and Flora Verba Group would have been destroyed completely! | have learned my lesson. In the future, I'll be more discerning and meticulous in every aspect of my career.” Roxanne couldn't help but sigh as soon as she got into Lucian's car, ridiculing her own foolishness.
“Forget it. You're exhausted as it is. There's no need to be even more meticulous than you already are. They merely got lucky this time to have taken advantage of the situation. | sure do not hope to see you become even more of a workaholic than | am.”
Lucian caressed Roxanne's hair affectionately. 
###Chapter 1896
Chapter 1896
Chapter 1896 Make Things Right
In the end, Richard and Mila, Elektra's parents, rushed to the building.
Roxanne had already gotten down from the railing and was squatting on the ground with her hands wrapped around her legs. Her expression was devoid of any trace of emotion.
She finally piped up after a considerable amount of time had passed.
“Dad, Mom, I'm sorry for causing both of you to worry. | can never atone for what I've done in this lifetime! | don't have the slightest clue how to salvage everything, but I'll continue living and strive to make things right step by step for the rest of my life.”
Roxanne had completely won Elektra over. Her words had been a wake-up call for Elektra.
Seeking death is just running away from my responsibilities. The only way | can convey my sincerest apologies is through actions.
Half an hour later, the senior management of Flora Verba Group called for a meeting, whereby an announcement about Elektra’s resignation from the position of CEO was made. Henceforth, she was no longer part of the company.
Resigning from the company was Elektra's own decision, for she was too ashamed to remain in the company.
Roxanne subsequently declared as the director that the initial thirty percent of Elektra's shares would be decreased to twenty percent and transferred to Richard.
That evening, Elektra went to the police station with her parents and confessed to all of the crimes she'd committed.
Despite that, her lawyer still tried to plead her case and fight for the reduction of her sentence with the first reason being her attempt at the crime was unsuccessful. Secondly, she had yet to cause any severe harm to society.
Soon enough, the Lane family released a statement stating they'd donate two hundred million to the victims of the fire. The amount would be used to treat those whose faces were scalded and disfigured by the fire.
Lucian and Roxanne couldn't care less about the final verdict of the court case.
Nevertheless, Richard still called Lucian later during the day to apologize and inform him about his daughter being detained at the police station.
“Lucian, | am grateful to you and Ms. Jarvis. Elektra would have chosen a path of no return and jumped off the building if Ms. Jarvis hadn't said what she said. Elektra now understands she was at fault and will try to make amends by all means possible. Thank you for still retaining our portion of the shares. If not, we'd be doomed. We're truly sorry...” Richard began choking up toward the end.
Lucian gave a brief response, telling them not to overthink. Elektra's incident might have ended, but Christina, the perpetrator, seemed to have vanished into thin air.
She was still nowhere to be found even after the police had listed her as a suspect and issued a search warrant for her. Besides, her current identity as a Hawenese only complicated things.
Lucian immediately instructed Cayden to utilize all his resources and wide connections to locate Christina's whereabouts.
After tucking the three kids into bed, Roxanne returned to the living room. She saw Lucian's grim expression and knew he was. still worried.
Danger was still lurking in every corner of their lives as long as Christina wasn't found.
The evil woman had been plotting and scheming for such a long time and had picked the right time to execute her ploy. It had been a close call for Roxanne. Roxanne's voice snapped Lucian out of his thoughts. “Lucian, | would like to discuss something with you.”
Roxanne proceeded to reveal her intentions to install Jonathan as the new CEO of the company and transfer ten percent of the company's shares to him.
This meant that five billion out of the company's net worth of fifty billion would instantly be transferred to Jonathan.
Roxanne did not have the slightest hesitation in doing so, for she was convinced that Jonathan's capability was worth far more than that.
“All right, but I'll have to think about it. After all, Jonathan is one of my most trusted right-hand men responsible for managing many of my businesses,” said Lucian in a teasing tone.
“| know, but he doesn't have to do much. He should just focus on establishing a core team. Elektra's resignation would definitely arouse suspicions among some of the senior executives. | just need him to calm them down and reassure them, that's all. Can't you just loan him to me?” Roxanne pouted, acting adorably to get her way.
Lucian pulled her into his arms and nodded at once. 
###Chapter 1897
Chapter 1897
Chapter 1897 A Well Deserved Break
The next morning, Jonathan came over.
Lucian instructed the kitchen to prepare some pastries and served them with coffee to Jonathan.
Both were chatting casually while enjoying the food when Lucian brought up Roxanne's idea.
Usually, Jonathan would respond by nodding and acknowledging with an “Okay.”
However, Jonathan appeared a bit apprehensive today. He looked at Lucian cautiously. “Lucian, c-can | decline?” Lucian froze upon hearing his reply and instinctively furrowed his brows.
At that moment, Jonathan thought Lucian was upset with him. He hurriedly explained, “Lucian, | know these are Roxanne's thoughts. But I... I'm feeling a bit tired nowadays.”
Lucian snapped out of his daze and quickly shook his head. “There's no need to explain. I'm not angry.”
He looked at Jonathan with a gentle gaze.
For so many years, Jonathan had been a trusted aide of his who would never say no to him.
Regardless of the decisions made and the targets set by Lucian, Jonathan would strive to execute them without any complaints. That showcased the absolute trust and chemistry between them.
Deep inside his heart, Lucian was grateful for having such a buddy who was impeccable in so many ways.
However, the recent events with Elektra and Jonathan's rejection got him thinking.
Have | been putting myself above him all this while and that's why | never pay attention to his feelings? Or is it because of my authoritative and aggressive working style that made him fearful of me?
Whatever the reason might be, Lucian realized he had some shortcomings.
Seeing the changed expression on Lucian's face, Jonathan hesitated if he should retract his words even though he had mustered much courage earlier to reject Lucian.
In all fairness, which business leader would not be attracted to a CEO position, share ownership worth five billion, and the power to direct Flora Verba Group's future?
“Lucian, on second thoughts, maybe | should accept the proposal. | know you and Roxanne have my interests at heart. If | join Flora Verba Group, the Queen family would be able to have a core asset.”
Jonathan had just finished speaking when Lucian waved his hand in dismissal. “Don't misunderstand, | was just thinking about some stuff earlier. Why don't you have a cup of coffee and take a good three minutes to think it through? | can wait for your answer.”
Seeing Jonathan's hesitation, mixed emotions ran through Lucian.
He's always cautious and mindful of other people's feelings, resulting in him having to suppress his true feelings. How can such a person lead a happy life?
With that, Lucian started drinking his coffee and did not respond to Jonathan's shocked reaction. After a long while, Jonathan began to think seriously.
Nobody was aware that his medical condition had deteriorated recently, and it was not looking good.
It was then he suddenly felt deeply frustrated and lost interest in everything. Sometimes, a flow of negative thoughts would enter his mind.
He did not understand what exactly was wrong with him. He felt like a zombie, devoid of all emotions. He was indifferent to everything around him.
However, he could not find anyone to confide in though he once considered seeking professional help from Madilyn. But ultimately, he did not proceed with it.
He was worried about inundating other people with his negative emotions, causing them distress.
A battle between rational views and sentimental thoughts was happening inside Jonathan's mind right now.
The reason why he suddenly declined Lucian's offer was because he was experiencing burnout.
In short, he could no longer withstand further pressure.
Perhaps, not only did he need to decline the offer on Flora Verba Group, he might need a well-deserved break too. 
###Chapter 1898
Chapter 1898
Three minutes to Lucian was akin to the time taken to drink two cups of coffee.
But to Jonathan, that three minutes was extraordinarily long.
He habitually glanced at his watch and then forced himself to pull his focus back from all the rambling thoughts. “Lucian, I...”
“Hold on!” Lucian immediately raised his palm in front of Jonathan without waiting for him to finish.
He discovered that Jonathan was so precise in his time management, measuring right down to the second.
He casually used three minutes as a reference, and Jonathan took it seriously without missing a second.
It must be so mentally tiring to cope with an obsessive-compulsive disorder. Lucian could not help but pity Jonathan.
“Jonathan, before you decide, | want you to know that I'll support you unconditionally no matter what choice you make in the end. Do you understand me?” Lucian's gaze became warmer and gentler.
Jonathan was overwhelmed with gratitude when he heard that. He nodded and forced a faint smile. “Lucian, I'm feeling drained recently. So I'd like to put things down for a while temporarily.” As he spoke, he could not help but raise his eyes to look at Lucian's reaction.
Seeing Lucian's nod of approval, Jonathan continued, “I appreciate Roxanne's kindness. Perhaps you could give me some time. | think | want to take a break. Is that all right?”
“Of course, certainly!” Lucian promptly agreed.
With that, he poured Jonathan a cup of coffee and reassured him, “Listen, Jonathan. From now onwards, you can freely express whatever opinions you have to me. Do you hear me?”
Jonathan was taken aback. He could not help but think if he had done something wrong that made Lucian say those words. “Just by looking at your expression, | know you're overthinking again.” Lucian sighed with a heavy heart.
Since when did Jonathan become like this? Did it start when | took over Farwell Group? He's cautious about everything and constantly walks on eggshells.
| don't deny the merits of being cautious. But it's not healthy to constantly suppress your feelings and not be able to express yourself. No matter how well-tempered one is, there is a limit to how much one can take.
“Jonathan, from today onwards, go and take a well-deserved break. I'll not bother you unless there're urgent matters. Take a step back and temporarily relinquish your responsibilities. I'll tell Cayden to take instructions from you. Let him handle everything.” Lucian stood up and patted Jonathan's shoulder, assuring him.
As Jonathan left the mansion, he suddenly felt peace in his heart, a feeling that he had not experienced in a long while.
Perhaps, it's time for me to look into my illness seriously. | should find Madilyn and have a good talk with her.
Immediately, Jonathan drove to the hospital.
Back at the mansion, Roxanne woke up after Jonathan left. When Lucian relayed Jonathan's decision to her, she was rather shocked.
“It's all right. | respect his decision!” Roxanne responded. “Actually, | have someone in mind who can also assume this role.” Lucian suddenly thought of a suitable candidate. Roxanne knitted her brows and pondered for a while. But she still could not think of who else was suitable.
People like Jonathan and Elektra, who were familiar with the corporate world and full of vigor and creativity, were really hard to come by.
In most cases, such talents were cultivated at a young age as they grew up in that environment. That was how prestigious families were formed and thrived. They strongly emphasized the importance of inheritance, ensuring the passing of knowledge and wealth from one generation to another.
“The person | have in mind is James Lann. He's more than just a psychologist. He earned several accolades and awards for his achievements in business school then. It was only after he developed an interest in psychology that he started to pursue that path. That guy is a genius.”
However, the moment Lucian thought of James, he suddenly felt infuriated. 
###Chapter 1899
Chapter 1899
Chapter 1899 A Proper Chat
After Estella's illness had taken a turn for the better, James disappeared for six months. He had been idle and spent his time globe-trotting.
He contacted Lucian intermittently and occasionally sent photos of beautiful scenery from his travels.
He also hopped between Alendor and Archulea, saying he was researching the ive laws of human psychological evolution. He did go about it very professionally and even published many research papers.
Nonetheless, only Lucian knew he just wanted to take it easy and wanted no part in shouldering his family's burdens.
The Lann family ran a fairly large business in Xendale that dealt in tea leaves, coffee, lumber, dry cargo, and many others. Over the past few years, it had begun collaborating with Farwell Group on foreign trade, which led to the business expanding by leaps and bounds.
However, James was content being a laid-back psychologist, enjoying traveling to every corner of the world.
Once Roxanne heard James’ name, she nodded eagerly in agreement and barely even paused to think about it. I'm sure there won't be any error in judgment as long as the candidate is someone Lucian recommends.
“What good timing. He'll surely return to attend our wedding, so you can take that opportunity to force him to stay and get him to help you manage Flora Verba Group.”
As Lucian's thoughts lingered on Jonathan and James, he could not help but think that the two seemed to have swapped lives.
The trio used to be schoolmates. Back then, James was like a careful and meticulous robot who could answer every question. He never stepped out of line and was the top in every subject.
Meanwhile, Jonathan was the polar opposite. He was always boisterous and liked to play many different sports. As for studying, he did not have much interest in it.
Later on, both of them made very different choices upon encountering family responsibilities. As a result, their personalities and lives changed drastically.
After listening to Lucian's detailed introduction of James' background, Roxanne could not help feeling doubtful. “But if he doesn't even want anything to do with his family's business, what makes you so sure he'll be willing to take over Flora Verba Group?”
“| believe he'll agree to it because he covets your medical expertise. You just need to agree to teach him some of your medical skills.”
She had no issues with that. After all, any medical practitioner would be pleased to see medical knowledge and skills being passed on and continuing to flourish.
After deciding on a suitable candidate, the couple left the house and headed to the wedding venue to finalize a few plans.
Over at the hospital, Madilyn was busy working in her office when she heard a knock on the door. She called for the person to enter and smiled upon seeing that it was Jonathan.
“Mr. Queen, don't tell me your stomach pains are acting up again?” she asked, her tone lighthearted. During the last follow-up check, his gastritis was better, and the gastric erosions in his stomach had healed. Hence, she did not think there would be any major issues.
Shaking his head, he pointed at his heart and replied frankly, “Madilyn, | feel as though there's something wrong with me here.”
That shocked her, and she sprang to her feet at once. “A heart condition? No way. The last time | checked on you, your heart rate, blood pressure, and arteries were all fine.”
Madilyn's mother had a close brush with death due to a heart condition not long ago, so it was still a very stressful topic for her.
Jonathan shook his head again. After a while, he walked over to her desk and sat in front of it. “You should sit down, Madilyn. | want to have a proper chat with you.”
Observing his calm demeanor, she nodded and sat down.
She quickly guessed that he was referring to his depression, and her heart grew heavy. This means he hasn't completely dealt with his depression. What's more, the relapse is more severe than before. 
###Chapter 1900
Chapter 1900
Chapter 1900 The Life Of Jonathan
Jonathan and Madilyn had a long conversation that lasted for two whole hours.
It never crossed her mind that he had lived a life like that.
When Jonathan was little, probably when he was still in kindergarten, he fell behind in his speech and language abilities. That led him to be considered intellectually disabled at one point. From then on, he had to deal with gossip and people questioning his abilities.
If not for his parents’ persistence, he would have been sent to a psychiatric hospital for treatment.
To some extent, the birth of Frieda took some of the adults’ attention off him. His sister was a ball of energy, which made her well-loved by many.
Hence, as a child, he gradually grew averse to communicating his thoughts with others.
Jonathan slowly grew older, and during that time, he met Lucian and they became best friends.
That was probably the time when he was happiest. He had less attention from the adults in his life, but that allowed him more opportunities to do whatever he wanted.
It was also then that his trust in Lucian was solidified. Even now, he still believed that whatever Lucian decided had to be the right decision. There was no need to doubt it, and he only had to do as he was told. Never once did he pause to consider his own wishes.
Eventually, he realized that even if he did not express his thoughts or feelings, that did not seem to affect anything.
In middle school, his grades started slipping. Lucian and Elektra would always quietly help him, and later on, he even got to know the whiz-kid, James.
Jonathan envied James as the latter was a veritable genius who could learn anything very quickly.
During those days, Jonathan felt dejected and refused to go home because everyone at home, with the exception of his parents, was disappointed with his academic performance.
They accused him of disrupting their plans, and his uncle even questioned his abilities to his face, saying he was unqualified to inherit the Queen family's businesses in the future.
That period was when he was the most vulnerable yet also the strongest.
After taking the high school entrance exams, he encountered the most painful experience in his life.
Due to his bad grades, he had to separate from Lucian and Elektra because they could not continue attending the same school. Instead, they enrolled in two different high schools catering to different academic abilities.
Jonathan's parents wanted to spend a little money to make a few connections and get him into a better private high school, but he refused.
He became a loner once he was in high school and rarely spoke with others. Although Lucian would call and invite him out during the weekends, he slowly discovered that he seemed to be withdrawing further into his shell.
Finally, on one random night, he suddenly snapped.
He decided that if he could not remember a word after one try, he would memorize it a hundred times. If he could not understand a formula, he would force himself to commit it to memory. And when all else failed, he pricked his arm with a needle.
Every time Jonathan did that, he found he could remember whatever he needed to memorize. In the end, he came to realize that the feeling of pain could help spark his potential.
Fortunately, Lucian discovered his harsh study method. Lucian forced him to give up on it and do push-ups instead. Hence, Jonathan started exercising while memorizing.
Thanks to Lucian's guidance, Jonathan found he was physically quite fit and good at sports. He dreamed of perhaps becoming an athlete, participating in national competitions or even at an international level.
Alas, that dream ultimately fell through. That was because after Jonathan's academic performance improved rapidly, he secured a spot at the top business university.
Ecstatic, his parents kept encouraging him to study hard so he could one day inherit all of the Queen family's businesses.
He should have been happy since he had finally realized his parents’ hopes. However, he slowly changed into someone who was emotionally detached and only memorized things mechanically. Not only did he remember facts on numerous successful business case studies, but also various plots and schemes. He was not trying to understand what he was learning at all, and his limited comprehensive skills were the result of all those years of forcing himself to memorize. 
###Chapter 1901
Chapter 1901
Chapter 1901 His True Self
After listening to Jonathan recount his past, Madilyn was silent for a long time. Her heart was heavy, and she wished to say something encouraging or comforting. However, she felt as though she could not find the right words.
In today's society, all adults have some form of psychiatric disorder to some extent, most of which stem from our childhoods. That's why there's the saying, “A beautiful childhood can heal for a lifetime, but it takes a lifetime to recover from a bad one.”
In the end, Jonathan was the one who gave a faint smile, seemingly feeling a weight off his shoulders.
The sight of his smile stunned her. She felt as though she was watching a child smile for the first time. It was so pure and innocent.
What's more, he looks drop-dead gorgeous when he smiles! She stared at him blankly for a few seconds, and she felt her cheeks getting warmer.
“Is something wrong with me? Why are you looking at me like that?” he asked bluntly.
She quickly withdrew her gaze, hardly knowing where to look. Shaking her head, she replied, “No, no. Nothing is wrong with you. Anyway, you feel better after sharing all that, don't you?”
He nodded, his eyes looking much brighter. “You're right. That was my first time saying all that out loud. Thank you so much for listening to everything | had to say.”
Without meaning to, he stretched out his hand, subconsciously moving to grab something.
Just like that, Madilyn suddenly felt him hold her hand. Although she was stunned, she did not immediately pull away. Her face was soon flushed bright red.
“I've made up my mind, Madilyn. I'm going to go on a vacation and confront my thoughts until | work through it all!”
Seemingly affected by his raw emotions, she remained motionless, allowing him to continue holding her hand.
| can understand where he's coming from. He has many achievements under his belt and is managing many businesses, but in truth, all that isn't what his heart truly desires. That's the most significant difference between him and Lucian. Humans need
passion and interest. Otherwise, they won't be happy regardless of how much they've accomplished.
Finally, she found the words she wanted to say to him. “Jonathan, I'm always here to support you no matter what. Just keep trying, and if you need me, just give me a holler.”
It was Jonathan's turn to stare at her in surprise. Then, he finally released her hand, childlike joy spreading across his face. Madilyn slowly retracted her hand and let out a sigh of relief inwardly. I'd be so embarrassed if he continued holding my hand! “Once Lucian's wedding is over, I'm planning to travel within the country before taking my time with finding what | like to do. If | still feel like managing a company, I'll continue doing that. Now that the company is on the right track, things are actually not as
hectic anymore.”
Perhaps due to her supportive response, he started opening up, and she paid full attention as he spoke of his plans. unreservedly.
“Madilyn, you have a passion for medicine, don't you? That's why you've been able to hold this position and bravely shoulder the responsibilities of a hospital director. That's something | truly admire about you.”
His words of praise had been long-awaited, and she gave a knowing smile.
“If | happen to be on leave at the same time, | can accompany you on your search for the life you long for,” she said cautiously, revealing her innermost thoughts.
Jonathan's eyes lit up immediately, and he quickly urged, “You should apply for time off from Roxanne! She's your best friend and will surely be understanding. | didn't expect Lucian to agree to it too. Give it a shot!”
“Okay. I'll try later. In any case, you have lots of places you want to visit. I'm looking forward to going to Xendale the most, so be sure to let me know when you're heading there,” she replied, a sense of anticipation suddenly blossoming in her heart.
Just look at him now. He's no longer giving off his usual stern aura but is a little more childlike. This is actually his true self! 
###Chapter 1902
Chapter 1902
Chapter 1902 An Angel From Heaven
Soon, there were only three days left before the wedding.
Roxanne had thought that this time around, she would be very calm. After all, they had been married once before and had registered this marriage, so they were practically an old married couple.
Little did she expect to feel a surge of emotions when she saw the wedding dress Estella had designed. It's simply too beautiful! My daughter's talent in fashion design is remarkable!
The dress was not a pure white color but a very light shade of gray. Under the sunlight, it had a grand yet elegant charm. It featured a mermaid tail-inspired design with a train adorned in embellishments that sparkled like stars. Instead of a mermaid's
tail, it lboked more like a swan's tail. As for the material, it was light and comfortable.
When Roxanne put the dress on and looked at herself in the mirror, she could hardly believe her eyes. It gave a hint of pure, goddess-like air to her aura!
“Mommy, | designed the wedding dress with the grey color gradually lightening into white, just like how the ugly duckling slowly turns into a swan,” Estella explained in her cute, piping voice. She had merely wanted to express the essence of that fairy tale she remembered hearing in the dress. As it turned out, it perfectly represented everything Roxanne had experienced throughout the years.
Perhaps because she could relate to the inspiration of the dress, Roxanne felt she truly suited the dress the more she looked at it.
“You're incredible, Essie. | love this wedding dress to pieces. There's no doubt you're a genius, and you'll surely become an amazing fashion designer who's famous across the globe!” she exclaimed. She even had the vague urge to flatter her daughter. Estella was overjoyed to see Roxanne so happy, and the former rushed to brag to Archie and Benny.
Hearing the commotion while inside the study, Lucian hurried out to see what was happening.
Something arrested his gaze instantly, and he was stunned for a good seven to eight seconds.
“Gorgeous. Simply breathtaking. You look perfect! Darling, seeing you in that wedding dress makes me want to marry you a few more times!” he said sincerely.
However, his words earned him a frosty glance from Roxanne. She demanded huffily, “What do you mean a few more times? It's already the second time. How many more times are you planning on stirring up trouble?”
Lucian rushed forward, carefully avoiding the wedding gown's train. Gazing at her tenderly, he leaned forward and surprised her with an unexpected kiss.
“That was a slip of the tongue. There won't be a next time. This time is forever,” he murmured with a somewhat seductive look in his eyes.
However, Roxanne had a certain level of immunity to it by now. Still feigning annoyance, she chided, “You've smudged my lipstick!”
Just then, Archie and Benny also hurried downstairs. Seeing Roxanne looking so ethereal in the wedding dress, they scrambled to compliment her.
“Mommy, you look like an angel who accidentally fell into the mortal world! Daddy's so lucky that he gets to marry an angel!” “You're beautiful, Mommy! Essie must've gotten the wedding gown from the gods! Now, that's what | call impressive!”
They did not forget to commend Estella, which made her beam with pride.
Roxanne was also over the moon upon hearing their praise.
Meanwhile, Lucian was staring at them in stunned silence. | didn't think these two rascals would be better at this than me!
As they were chatting, Elias and Sonya came in with big bags containing the things needed for a traditional wedding. The wedding would have a mixture of modern and traditional elements because they wanted to ensure Roxanne had everything she
wanted and would have no regrets.
Upon seeing how beautiful Roxanne looked in her wedding dress, Elias complimented that she looked pretty, then praised Estella for doing a good job.
His words stunned Sonya for a few seconds, and she could not help muttering while shooting him a glare, “She looks a million times prettier than when | got married to you.”
Elias looked back at her innocently.
Then, Sonya smiled and said, “However, it's also because Roxanne has maintained such a good figure. She'll be the envy of many if she wears that out. It's just too beautifull” 
###Chapter 1903
Chapter 1903
Chapter 1903 Not Qualified To Participate
In the detention center of Baxrich at Horington, Elektra was calm as she mentally calculated the days that had passed. It'll be Roxanne's wedding day soon.
Roxanne, now that I'm here, | have no grudges against you. Thank you for making me understand the true meaning of love at the very last moment.
Love was considered the most expensive luxury item to humans. It did not matter whether one had an attractive figure or powerful status for one might not even get the chance to experience love.
Elektra was finally aware that Lucian was not the right person for her.
It didn't matter even if one ended with the wrong person. One should just continue to look for the right person instead.
Roxanne, | wish you a happy marriage from the bottom of my heart! | hope you will allow me to make things right in the future. Lucian and | would've remained as best friends if it weren't for my obsession with him.
Aprison warden suddenly yelled, “Elektra, step out! The lawyer wants to see you!”
Her family had paid a lawyer handsomely to come up with ideas to ensure she could receive a suspended sentence instead.
However, Elektra was unbothered. She would rather stay in the detention center for some time.
That way, she could feel the filth in her heart slowly fade away.
At the same time, on a small battered fishing boat at the port of Horington, Christina glared at her bodyguard and hissed, “When will Mr. Goldstein come to take me back? | don't want to stay in hiding anymore! Is everything all right on my parents’ side?”
The bodyguard was calm as he glanced at her. He was used to her arrogance and demands.
“Please wait a little longer. Mr. Goldstein is trying to come up with an appropriate arrangement to come over. He'll take you away if he arrives here without problems. As for your parents, everything is going well. It seems like Mr. Farwell isn't bothering them too much.”
Christina narrowed her eyes as she felt anger bubbling inside her.
How wretched! | can't believe such a perfect plan ended up failing! Lucian had many things to care for, so why was he so fixated on such a small detail?
| heard that Elektra turned herself in. How in the world did Roxanne bewitch her to do that? Ha! Is Elektra trying to turn over a new leaf? What a joke! A failure like her would never have the chance to do such a thing. It would be impossible!
But when | think about it, perhaps what Elektra did was a smart move. Such a strategic retreat could protect the Lane family. Otherwise, she would've ended up as | did before.
Christina's expression turned gloomy. It did not take long for her to start complaining about the dark and humid environment again.
It's no different from a mouse living in the sewers.
“Oh, right. Were you able to contact the person | told you about?” Christina suddenly asked.
The bodyguard hesitated momentarily before nodding and said, “We did, but the other party rejected the proposal.”
“What do you mean they rejected it?”
Christina was not one to give up. If Elektra failed, she could always find someone else to partner with to destroy Roxanne.
There could only be one winner between her and Roxanne, and she was determined to be the one who won.
She had chosen Lucian's competitor, Shawn Crawford from the north, to be her new partner. However, she did not expect to fail in getting him to work with her.
“Mr. Crawford asked his assistant to pass a message. He said that you shouldn't bother to try anything else. He would never collaborate with you. He even mentioned...” The bodyguard averted her gaze and hesitated to continue.
“Tell me. What else did he say?” Christina's brows knitted into a frown. She did not expect that Shawn would be so ungrateful.
If only Mr. Goldstein had revealed his identity to Shawn. Shawn would definitely agree in a heartbeat. After all, Mr. Goldstein can provide many business opportunities in Hawen for the Crawford family.
“Mr. Crawford also mentioned that if you continued to pester him, he would lock you up and send you to Lucian. He said you are not qualified to participate in his competition with Lucian.”
Christina's eyes widened when she heard that. Her face contorted in anger as she cursed, “Who the heck do the Crawford family think they are? They can't even be compared to Mr. Goldstein. Only he can go head-to-head with Lucian. D*mn it...” 
###Chapter 1904
Chapter 1904
Chapter 1904 Spoil Him Just This Once After hearing that Estella had designed a fairytale wedding gown for Roxanne, Madilyn hurried over after work to visit Roxanne. She was filled with envy and jealousy as she stared at the gown.
“If we weren't best friends, | would've taken a pair of scissors and ripped your wedding gown into shreds! How can it look so beautiful?”
Although Madilyn was Roxanne's best friend, the way she complimented the gown was rather odd.
Roxanne giggled and tried to comfort her, “When it's your turn to get married, Estella would have honed her skills and perfected her designs by then. When the time comes, I'll have her design a gown for you!”
“True. As her godmother, | can't just have obligations and no rights.”
Madilyn grinned. She sighed inwardly when she thought of her best friend's transformation throughout her journey to get where she was.
“How is Mdm. Xander? Is she getting better?” Roxanne asked.
“Of course, she is. She's been eating and sleeping well recently and even gained some weight! Her mental state is also getting better. Plus, she's decided not to return to Xendale. She wants to make Horington her home instead.”
After saving Lorraine, Roxanne could feel that she had also somewhat protected her best friend's mental well-being. At present, Madilyn was slowly getting back to her old self. Her eyes sparkled as she laughed and joked around.
"If she's going to stay here, you'll have to look for a man soon. How's it going lately? | heard Jonathan took some time off from work. Did he look for you?” Roxanne asked out of habit.
She thought Madilyn was going to complain about him again.
However, she did not expect to see her best friend's face blushed in embarrassment. Madilyn's couldn't hide the happiness in her eyes.
"He's recently been driving back and forth to accompany my mom to go sightseeing in Horington. | actually came to ask if | could take the rest of the month off. The wedding isn't until two or three days later, and | promise to save one day off of my vacation to attend it!”
Roxanne was surprised to hear that. “Wow, what a fast development. It looks like you can't control yourself any longer.” She paused to chuckle. “Sure. You're the director. As long as you make the necessary arrangements, you can take time off whenever you want. Do you even need to ask me about this?”
Indeed, Roxanne had never stipulated that Madilyn could not take time off. Madilyn herself had been the one to follow the rules and would not even take a day off. In fact, she would work overtime instead.
She knew the hospital's goal was not to make money. After paying the employees their salaries with the monthly profit, the hospital would not have much money left.
Hence, Madilyn had recently developed a more expensive medical checkup plan targeted explicitly toward the rich so that the hospital would make some money.
However, instead of gaining profit, the hospital had to buy new equipment to accommodate the services provided for the new plan.
“It's settled then. I'll take three days off and accompany my mom to go traveling,” Madilyn said proudly.
Roxanne immediately exposed her intentions. "I think you're taking time off to spend it with someone else instead. But that's good too. You need to seize the opportunity and make the first move. That's the Madilyn | know!”
With smiles on their faces, the two chatted for a while.
Madilyn left after greeting Lucian when the latter returned.
Roxanne told her husband about Jonathan's recent activities as she knew he was worried about Jonathan.
“That's good, then. He's been busy for so many years. It's time he let loose and have fun! Madilyn is a nice lady and this is good for him.”
Lucian felt relieved.
"Oh, right. Didn't you say you want to pick someone up in the middle of the night? He must be someone important for you to make such a big deal of it. Who is it? Can't you ask Cayden to pick them up instead?” Roxanne suddenly asked.
Lucian tilted his head and replied, “Who else would it be? Of course, it's James. Don't we have a favor to ask him? I'll spoil him just this once.” 
###Chapter 1905
Chapter 1905
Chapter 1905 How Fascinating
Roxanne accompanied Lucian to the airport.
The duo was surprised to see James as they almost could not recognize him.
His pale and soft face was now sun-kissed, his complexion was a shade darker. His eyes were dull as he stared at the couple. It was a strange change that seemed like he had suffered some hiccups in life and gained worldly wisdom.
James grinned. “Hi, Lucian and Roxanne. What are you doing here? It's the middle of the night. I'm sorry to have troubled you.”
Lucian was calm as he glanced at James and said, “Did something happen to you at Alendor?”
His gaze was sharp. He could figure out that the smile on James' lips was forced. It looked like the latter had something on his mind.
James nodded, but the words that came out of his mouth were a different story. “It's nothing much. I'll tell you about it later.”
“Congratulations, Lucian and Roxanne. The wedding is coming soon! It wasn't easy to get a plane ticket from Alendor. | even had to go through a layover. So don't blame me for only returning now.”
“It's fine. You're just in time for the wedding. We're happy to see you back home.” Roxanne smiled. She held out her hand, wanting to help with James' luggage, but he waved his hand to reject her.
“Let's get in the car,” Lucian said curtly. The three of them got in the car and left the airport. In the car, James confessed why he had asked Lucian to pick him up at the airport.
He did not wish to return home because he knew he would receive a nagging from his family. He planned to stay at Lucian's place temporarily, to which Roxanne immediately agreed.
After all, his presence would not affect their daily activities much. The guest room on the third floor was still vacant too. “But, of course, the first thing I'd like to do is see Essie. | want to see how she is doing.” James had put in much effort and tried various psychological treatment methods to cure Estella, but he failed.
Estella's illness faced a considerable change when Roxanne'’s identity as her mother was revealed. That was what James wanted to study her condition.
He wanted to know how a parent-child relationship could affect the cause and cure of psychological illnesses. “You'll be surprised to see how much she's changed,” Lucian replied with a smile.
James nodded. “That's good, then. Also, | can't wait to meet with those two geniuses. If possible, I'd like to make them my research s.”
“Hmph! What are you trying to do by making all three of our children your lab rats?” The trio chatted as they made their home. James was exhausted after his journey, so the couple told him to rest early. When they retired to their room, Lucian frowned and said, “It looks like something happened to James.”
Roxanne had also noticed James' unusual behavior.
She nodded and suggested for Lucian to find a chance to sit down and have a talk with James.
She did not want James to end up like Jonathan, who obviously felt he was under lots of pressure but was unwilling to share his burdens. Sooner or later, he would face a mental breakdown if he kept everything to himself.
The three children woke up early the following day and did some exercise in the garden.
It was an exercise regime that Lucian and Roxanne had formulated. They had to do it every day. After all, one could only do the things they liked better if they had a healthy body.
James woke up to the children laughing. He got up and groggily poured himself a cup of water before going toward the balcony and looking down at the figures in the garden.
That was his hobby—people watching. Estella was running and jumping around as she played with her two brothers, often bursting into laughter at their antics. Asmile made its way onto James' lips as he watched the children.
It looks like she's completely cured. How fascinating. It's much harder to cure a psychological illness than a physiological one. The chances of success are super low.
He gulped down his water before he washed up and went down to greet the children. 
###Chapter 1906
Chapter 1906
Chapter 1906 Mid-Twenties
James was having fun with the children when Roxanne and Lucian woke up.
Estella was incredibly close to him. After all, James had been gentle and patient when he tried to help her with her illness back then.
Hence, she was able to open up to James easily.
Archie and Benny were easily approachable. The way they addressed James as “Mr. Lann” was sweet and cute. Unbeknown to them, they were being targeted as research s by James.
Seeing the three children's accomplishments, James could not help but admit that they were indeed geniuses.
He knew Lucian for many years but never thought the latter was much of a genius. However, those three children were much more talented than Lucian. Naturally, Roxanne's genes were indeed excellent.
Estella showed James the clothes she had designed, shocking him when she showed him Snuggly's market shares and sales records.
“Lucian, your family members are naturals at being businessmen. First, it was Roxanne's Flora Verba Group, and now there's Essie's Snuggly. Are you planning on taking over every industry?”
Lucian dragged James away to enjoy some coffee and chat casually, preparing to discreetly talk about business before suggesting that James take over as the CEO of Flora Verba Group.
“Many things have happened over the past few months. I'm sure you've heard about them, right?” Lucian asked. James nodded. He had indeed heard of what happened.
He knew everything from Aubree's craziness to Jack's poisoning incident to Elektra's recent mess-up.
Although he was not in Horington, his family or Jonathan would notify him about the incidents happening in the city. Among all those incidents, the one he least expected was Elektra's decision to turn herself in.
However, it was not that unexpected if he gave it some thought. He knew that Elektra had feelings for Lucian.
“Forget it. I'm still not suited to go about things in roundabout manner. In short, don't leave this time. Do you think you'd want to be the CEO of Flora Verba Group? You can help take charge of the company temporarily.”
Lucian's gaze fell onto James' face as he carefully observed any reactions the latter would have. James was taken aback when he heard Lucian's question. He did not expect Lucian to offer such a vital position in the company to a psychologist like him.
He smiled and replied, “Lucian, are you planning on dragging me back into the business world? Are you letting me use Flora Verba Group to practice my skills?”
It was evident that James did not know the latest valuation of Flora Verba Group. The last time he heard about it, Flora Verba Group was worth over ten billion. Compared to the businesses worth two to three hundred billion under the Lann family, Flora Verba Group was just a tiny company that could be used for training.
“| doubt you can consider this as training. After all, the market value of Flora Verba Group has increased to sixty billion. Plus, the products are trending one after the other.” Lucian smiled wickedly.
“Come on. You can't be serious. Did it increase that fast? It's... only been two months.” James was taken aback as he fell into deep thought. Lucian did not press for an answer either as he waited in silence.
Roxanne noticed the tense atmosphere when she made her way over. She guessed that they might have gone down to business.
“Lucian, I've been worried about something lately. | noticed that | was improving at using Cerulean Needle Technique, but I've yet to find someone suitable to pass on my medical knowledge and the ancient medicine books | acquired. What should | do?”
Roxanne regretted her words the moment they left her mouth. She felt the act she and Lucian were putting on was absurd. However, it unexpectedly had a wonderful outcome. James' eyes lit up when he heard what Roxanne said. His hesitance soon turned into determination.
“Roxanne, are you looking for someone to learn medical skills from you? Are you going to teach them personally?” he asked eagerly.
“Yes. My mentor said it was time for me to start looking for disciples. He also said that | should look for someone with the right qualifications and start training them from a young age to pass down my skills to them.”
Roxanne was telling the truth. She had already been exposed to the world of medicine many years ago.
“Roxanne, um... Will someone in their mid-twenties do?” James asked. 
###Chapter 1907
Chapter 1907
Chapter 1907 Be Friends With Madilyn
Hence, James agreed to Lucian's proposal.
He became the CEO of Flora Verba Group and Roxanne's apprentice, slowly climbing the stairs of success.
This is a win-win situation. In other words, it was a situation where he won twice.
Seeing how happy James was, Lucian and Roxanne exchanged glances and smiled. They had finally settled that matter. That afternoon, James left after lunch.
He went to look for Jonathan and agreed to visit Elektra together after the latter returned from his vacation.
At the detention center, Elektra was rather confused to see that Jonathan and James had come to visit her.
After a brief catching-up, James asked why she was unwilling to find a way to lessen the sentence to a suspended sentence.
That way, she would at least not be locked up even though she would not be allowed to leave Horington. She would only have to report herself to a police station occasionally.
Elektra shook her head before she smiled.
“Thank you for coming to see me. | have to admit that | was stupid in the past. | never noticed that there were many things that | should appreciate, such as my friends, family, and career.
“| understand how you feel. There was a certain time when | was filled with destructive thoughts. Back then, | wanted nothing more but to be locked up and hide away. That way, | could be more at peace,” Jonathan suddenly said.
He paused to grin before continuing, “Luckily, | was able to walk out of the darkness and tried other methods to cope with my condition.”
“Haha, it seems like your thoughts still tie you down. You should take me for example. | feel that living a happy life or having a simpler job are not too bad. Of course, there has to be passion in whatever we do!”
James was aware of Jonathan's repressed emotions. Back then, when he tried to help Jonathan out, the latter was determined that he had no mental illnesses.
Most adults would more or less have some sort of psychological problems. Unfortunately, there were not many that would admit to having it.
The three of them talked for almost half an hour. Their visit ended with Elektra informing them that she would be released within three months.
After leaving the detention center, James felt relieved when he noticed that Jonathan looked more relaxed. “When will you introduce me to Ms. Xander? How far have things progressed?” James asked in a mocking tone. To his surprise, Jonathan panicked as he replied, “M-Madilyn and | are just friends.”
“Is that so? That's also fine. | want to be friends with Madilyn too. What do you think?” James teased.
Jonathan fell deep in thought.
He wanted to reject James.
It felt as if he was worried that something would be stolen from him.
“No problem. I'll introduce Madilyn to you when she's free. Do you have a girlfriend?” James chuckled at Jonathan's question.
Instead of replying, he decided to conduct a small test as he asked in response, “Jonathan, what do you think of Flora Verba Group's future?”
“Undoubtedly, they'll become the strongest cosmeceutical company in the country. Their market share will steadily increase, and they'll impact foreign brands greatly and replace them eventually. Elektra's simple use of word-of-mouth is the most authentic and effective strategy to promote products. In short, this company is successful in commercialization. The most important thing, of course, is still the team led by Roxanne. No one can rival their research and development capabilities.”
As expected. It's like a reflex for Jonathan to be serious and professional when talking about business. However, he's as clumsy as a child when it comes to matters concerning one's love life.
James found it amusing. 
###Chapter 1908
Chapter 1908
Chapter 1908 Good Timing
Flora Verba Group published an announcement on their official website stating that James would take over the company as CEO.
Paired with a picture of James, the announcement instantly triggered excited discussions all over the internet, causing James to have inexplicably gained more fans.
“Mr. Lann is so handsome!” “With such a good-looking CEO, | don't even need to chase after celebrities!” “Buy products from Flora Verba Group and support the handsome CEO!”
As some of James' past achievements were exposed, countless women have been posting memes and sharing posts on the internet. His popularity increased faster than expected.
Roxanne and Lucian were dumbfounded. Not only did they get a CEO, but they also got a spokesperson for their brand. However, they did not dwell too much on it as their wedding was the next day.
Elias and Sonya were swamped. Many people were coming from the branch families of the Farwell family. Most of them lived overseas and were all flying back for the joyous occasion.
As for Lucian, the number of connections he had accumulated over the years was rather terrifying. He had asked the hotels operating under their company to stop their businesses and specifically cater to the wedding guests. To be more precise, many people in Horington could feel the joy and delight that the wedding brought.
Lucian had talked to various media outlets beforehand. He did not wish for the wedding to attract too much attention. Hence, most information was suppressed and not spread across the internet.
At night, the couple followed the master of ceremony for the traditional wedding to rehearse for the next day.
Naturally, the wedding would be held at the manor they had just bought. The real estate agent knew of the manor's importance. He worked overtime and rushed the workers to complete it in time for the ceremony.
The couple was exhausted when they returned to the mansion. Suddenly, Sonya rushed toward them with a grim expression. She hesitated momentarily before saying, “Lucian, Roxanne, there's something important | need to tell both of you.”
Roxanne turned to look at Lucian, who nodded in response to Sonya. The two of them were prepared to face any hurdles they may face before the wedding.
“Roxanne's father, Grant, and her stepmother, Winnie, suddenly showed up at the Farwell main residence to look for Elias and me. We were shocked to see them. Elias is trying to stall them, so | came here to ask what the two of you plan to do.”
Roxanne was dumbfounded. She had not heard the terms “father” and “stepmother” in years.
The images of Grant's pissed-off look and Winnie's mocks and insults after she was forced to go through a divorce by Lucian from back then instantly flashed through her mind.
How dare they show up at the Farwell main residence?
Roxanne's expression darkened, and an icy glint flashed across her eyes.
Lucian noticed his wife's reaction and understood what he had to do. He turned to his mother and said, “You should appease them and send them to the hotel as wedding guests. I'll deal with this later.”
Sonya nodded and glanced at her daughter-in-law. It was apparent that Roxanne defied Grant and Winnie. A simple glance at Roxanne was enough for Sonya to know what she should do.
“Mom, you don't have to be too courteous with them. After all, they've never treated me as their biological daughter. Just do as you see fit. It'll be better if they don't attend the wedding tomorrow.”
D*mn it! What a good timing! Wanting to reunite with their daughter the day before her wedding? It's so obvious what they're thinking.
Roxanne no longer believed she would have a normal family relationship with them. People like them were not worthy of any of her time or kindness.
After Sonya left, Lucian wrapped his arms around Roxanne and pulled her into his arms to comfort her. “You don't need to reunite with them. Don't let those people ruin your mood,” he said. Roxanne nodded, but she still felt unsettled.
They must have an ulterior motive for showing up uninvited. Roxanne was worried they might come up with some unreasonable demands and make things difficult for the Farwell family.
Hence, she said, “Lucian, don't bother to do anything if my father asks you for betrothal money, gifts, or something of the sort. They are not qualified to have a say in our wedding.” 
###Chapter 1909
Chapter 1909
Chapter 1909 Help Out
Meanwhile, inside a standard suite at Crescent Valley Hotel, Grant and Winnie were busy answering phone calls and replying to text messages.
Due to bankruptcy and hiding from debts, Grant was blacklisted and had to follow certain restrictions. Initially, he couldn't even enter such a high-end hotel.
Fortunately, the hotel was owned by his son-in-law, so he didn't need to do registration.
Of course, that was also because his creditors gave him a chance.
With his current abilities, he could never repay the debts amounting to tens of millions in his lifetime.
Hence, after hearing that his daughter was about to get married with the CEO of Farwell Group, the creditors allowed him more time to figure out how to get the money.
Many even started to treat him more politely. After all, if Grant could become in-laws with the Farwell family, he would be guaranteed a lifetime of wealth and prosperity. Winnie's relatives also kept congratulating her, as if their social status had also upgraded with Roxanne's marriage with Lucian.
“That goes without saying. The Farwell family's hospitality is superb. They even arranged accommodation for us to stay in a five- star hotel. Don't worry. The few million | owe you is really just an insignificant amount now. I've always said that I, Grant Jarvis, will make a comeback one day!”
“Yes, yes. That's right, dear cousin. Quit congratulating us. | heard your daughter also married a rich guy. Still, she can't compare with Roxanne. It can't be helped. Perhaps this is fate.”
“Okay. Let's talk another time. We still need to prepare for the wedding tomorrow. Our son-in-law will be here soon. We're swamped at the moment.”
Dealing with the various phone calls, the couple lied without feeling the slightest hint of embarrassment. When the streams of incoming call and text messages finally stopped, Grant and Winnie grinned from ear to ear.
“Grant, | heard Roxanne founded that Flora Verba Group herself. It seems like even if the Farwell family doesn't shower us with benefits, Roxanne should still help to support our family, right?”
Winnie was genuinely surprised to learn such useful information through conversations with her relatives. “Really? Are you talking about Flora Verba Group that's worth billions?” Grant became excited at once.
Initially, he was worried about not being able to get any money from the Farwell family after taking in Elias and Sonya's cold demeanors.
However, after hearing that her daughter owned such a large corporation, he was instantly overjoyed. A company worth billions! No matter how few shares Roxanne owns, the money would still be more than enough for us to spend for a lifetime. The tens of millions | owe is nothing more than a trivial matter now.
“That's right. It really is Flora Verba Group. Not only that, but Roxanne also seems to own a research institute, a hospital, anda pharmaceutical company. | didn't expect her to be so successful! The Jarvis family will be considered a prestigious family from now on.”
Winnie's long-held dream of becoming a wealthy lady might finally come true.
It wasn't that she was particularly committed to Grant that she stayed by his side all those years, but the man had never dared to lower her living standards. Hence, even though they were hiding from debts, she didn't suffer too much either.
Nevertheless, being on the blacklisted as an insolvent person had somewhat affected their children.
Their son, Yosef, managed to score well in the university entrance exam but couldn't go to a good school. Consequently, he left Horington and cut ties with them after graduation.
Their daughter, Yuliana, was affected even more. She secured a position in a big company but was immediately fired because of Grant's situation. As a result, she could only work as a tour guide at South East Aploth and seldom returned to visit them.
Therefore, Grant and Winnie now pinned all their hopes on their eldest daughter, Roxanne. Deep down, Winnie knew she didn't have much of an emotional bond with Roxanne.
Nevertheless, they were still nominally a family. No matter what, Winnie figured Roxanne should help out the family to some extent since the latter was loaded now. 
###Chapter 1910
Chapter 1910
Chapter 1910 Deal Personally
“Grant, regardless of the Farwell family's response, we must request some betrothal money from them. We had to return the sum we received from them during Roxanne and Lucian's previous wedding before we even got to spend it. We can't be so generous this time!” Winnie instigated her husband, calculating inwardly the appropriate amount to ask for. A nominal sum doesn't necessarily have to be too much. The betrothal gifts can also be in the form of properties, cars, or other valuable items.
Grant nodded. “Of course, | know that. Roxanne's mother passed away early, and I've raised her with great difficulty, after all. How can | not ask for any betrothal gift and let her marry into the Farwell family without receiving any perks?”
“Do you think asking for thirty million is too much?” Winnie's eyes shone with greediness.
“Not at all. I'm actually curious to know how much the Farwell family will offer us on their own accord. The more the better, anyway.” Grant started making plans in his heart.
The two discussed further and finally decided to meet with Roxanne first.
The two were stumped when they realized they didn't have Roxanne's phone number. In the end, Winnie, someone with plenty of ideas, found Flora Verba Group's official website and dialed the company's number.
The call was answered connected to the customer service department. The customer service representative thought it was a product-related issue when she heard the other party was looking for the chairwoman. She intended to record the complaint and provide subsequent feedback.
Winnie eventually lost her patience and revealed her identity. “We are Ms. Jarvis’ parents, and we don't have her phone number because we just arrived from out of town, so please give it to us.”
“Respected guest, I'm afraid | cannot help with your request. Please verify your information and feel free to contact us again!” After the call was hung up, Winnie was infuriated and cursed for a while.
Noticing that method wasn't working, Grant contemplated briefly and decided to ask the hotel receptionist to contact Sonya and inform her that they had something to discuss with the latter.
Meanwhile, in the Farwell residence, Sonya was caught in a tight spot after receiving the call from the hotel receptionist and being told about Grant's request to meet with her and Elias.
“Elias, Roxanne told us not to entertain them, but would it be too ungracious of us to do that? The Farwell family's reputation may be tarnished if word about our unwillingness to receive our in-laws gets out.” Sonya hesitated.
Although Roxanne's stance was firm, Sonya was worried that Roxanne might change her mind later and blame her instead. That wouldn't be a desirable outcome.
Elias furrowed his brows while considering the circumstances. Regardless of our disinclination to deal with them, we must still uphold our family's dignity and treat Grant with some respect. Otherwise, our behavior will make the Farwell family seem too petty.
Hence, after giving that matter some thought, Elias decided to consult his son.
When Lucian answered the call, Roxanne was right next to him. She was still adamant about ignoring her father and stepmother.
Lucian didn't say much and merely relayed his wife's intention. Ultimately, Roxanne also sensed it was a little inappropriate to make members of the Farwell family follow her decision.
As that was her problem, it would be best for her to resolve it personally, so she made up her mind to go to the hotel and clarify things with Grant and Winnie in person.
“I'll go with you.” Lucian hurriedly went upstairs, brought a light jacket for Roxanne, and helped her put it on. On their way to the hotel, Lucian noticed Roxanne was in a foul mood.
He immediately comforted her, “Darling, there's no need to be angry. Take it easy. All you need to do is make things clear with people like them. It's not worth investing too much sentiment in this matter.”
Sensing the warmth from Lucian's palm, Roxanne smiled and nodded, trying her best to contain her emotions. 
###Chapter 1911
Chapter 1911
Chapter 1911 Indignation
Roxanne headed straight to Grant's room after arriving at the hotel.
She had made preparations, thinking of the terms and other potential requests they may make. However, Roxanne was slightly surprised when Grant opened the door.
Is this man standing in front of me truly my father?
He was slightly thinner than he was six years ago. His face was no longer as ruddy as it had once been. His skin was dryer and had a slightly waxy sheen, and wrinkles filled his forehead.
His hair was cut short too. Perhaps he had gotten it cut because his hair had begun to go white.
“Roxanne?” Grant revealed a slightly excited look in his eyes.
They had not seen each other for many years. Thus, she did not know if it was an act or if those were his true emotions. Nevertheless, his gaze was somewhat timid. Then, he looked at Lucian and nodded. “Mr. Farwell.”
“Hello, Mr. Jarvis.” Lucian was indifferent. He barely spared the other man a glance before turning back to look at his wife. Roxanne calmed down a little after seeing her father's humble attitude.
Just then, Winnie came over and stared at Roxanne in astonishment.
She was surprised by the latter's clothing. Roxanne's attire was very elegant, and it made Winnie somewhat embarrassed and jealous.
However, she immediately put on an elated expression. “Roxanne, it really is you! You've changed so much. You look very graceful. I'm sorry your father and | have been traveling so much that we've just found out about your wedding. We came as soon as possible!” Winnie nudged Grant. “Why are you standing at the door? Hurry and invite your daughter and son-in-law in!”
Inwardly, Roxanne applauded Winnie's instant change in expression. The latter was clearly an expert at this. She also spoke as if they had a very close relationship.
However, Roxanne did not forget the life she endured at the Jarvis residence after her mother passed away.
Her mother had just passed away for a year when her father had brought Winnie along with her children, Yosef and Yuliana. From that moment onward, Roxanne realized that her father's betrayal of her mother was not something that had begun recently. She and Yosef were only two years apart, while she was three years older than Yuliana.
Although Roxanne was older than both of them, the younger siblings did not consider her their older sister. They showed her no respect, often mocking and playing tricks on her.
Back then, Winnie was a stepmother who did nothing for her. She never bought Roxanne new clothes. Whenever they had treats, she would always put them away for her own children.
Eventually, it escalated to Winnie refusing to allocate funds for Roxanne to continue her studies at university.
Thankfully, Roxanne was able to meet a good mentor in when studying medicine. Relying on her medical skills, she treated some people and managed to scrape together enough to pay for her tuition fee.
Eventually, Grant opened his own factory and became wealthy. However, Roxanne only grew unhappier by the day.
In the end, Roxanne was sent to the Farwell family to get married to Lucian in order to appease Ethan.
Then, if Roxanne had not been in love with Lucian for a long time, she would not have agreed to it.
When she thought of everything that happened in the past, she found it difficult to eliminate the anger and indignation she felt in her heart.
Honestly speaking, she did not care about Grant's humble behavior. Thoughts of cutting ties with them were always in her mind.
“Mrs. Jarvis, I'd appreciate it if you didn't address us with such familiarity, After all, I'm not your biological daughter. You've made that fact very clear.” Roxanne utterly rejected Winnie's familiar form of address.
Roxanne's words caused Winnie's expression to stiffen. Forcing a smile, Winnie said, “That's right. I've overstepped my bounds. Come on inside and have a seat! | may have been a tad overexcited because you're getting married tomorrow!”
Lucian sighed to himself when he saw how fast Winnie switched gears. What a shameless woman! 
###Chapter 1912
Chapter 1912
Chapter 1912 Not A Chance
Nodding, Grant opened the door wider.
Upon entering the room, Roxanne and Lucian saw two sets of formal clothes neatly arranged on the couch. It was obvious that Grant and Winnie had prepared the clothes for tomorrow.
“Where are the children? Ah, I'm such a terrible grandfather!” Grant was extra attentive. He hurriedly poured them drinks and carefully carried the glasses over.
Following that, he turned around and went into the other room. Winnie stared at Roxanne enviously. She was jealous of the confident way the latter carried herself.
If we're talking about family connections, it's obvious that my daughter, Yuliana, is more superior. She also has plenty of wealthy friends. | just don't understand why she's still a lowly tour guide and remain single. On the other hand, Yosef dated a well-to-do lady before, but their relationship did not worked out.
The more Winnie thought about it, the more intense her jealousy became. Despite that, she kept her emotions in check and maintained a pleasant smile on her face.
Soon, Grant came out of the room with several sets of clothing in his arms. “I feel bad that | can't afford more expensive clothing, but | hope you'll accept these gifts for the children!”
He came to a stop before Roxanne.
Furrowing her brows, Roxanne refused to accept the proffered gifts.
Lucian's expression grew a tad chilly. “These look a bit too small. Children tend to grow fast. | don't think they will fit them.” Grant stood there awkwardly, at a loss for what to do.
Winnie went over to Grant and chided, “I told you! Kids these days tend to grow quickly. You refused to listen when | told you to get a size larger. It's all right. We can return these and get a larger size.”
With that, she took the three sets of clothes away.
“Roxanne, | came back in a hurry, so | don't have much money on hand. | also don't know how to provide you with a dowry. I'm really a failure of a father!” Grant scratched his head embarrassedly.
“Roxanne, your father owed a lot of money that he couldn't pay back after his factory went bankrupt. These few years have been very difficult for us as we have to go into hiding. Your siblings aren't doing well either. Perhaps it is our fate,” Winnie added ina tearful tone.
The atmosphere was heavy. If it had been anyone else, perhaps they would already been deceived by Grant and Winnie.
However, Roxanne's resolve remained firm. She gave Lucian a look, indicating for him to ignore them.
Following that, she replied coldly, “I never got to enjoy the fruit when the factory was doing well then. Didn't the business fail because you were too prideful?”
Roxanne did not intend to let her father and stepmother off easily. In fact, she was well aware of their personalities more than anyone else.
Hearing that, Grant and Winnie could no longer maintain the facade. Grant trembled slightly as he frowned. His voice was hard as he said, “Roxanne, you're about to get married soon. As your father, | rushed over in order to attend your wedding. You don't have to behave so repulsively. If you think I'm being an eyesore, | will leave immediately.”
“Grant, how can you say that? Oh, why are you so stubborn?” Winnie hurriedly tugged the former's shirt. Smiling awkwardly, she added, “Roxanne's right. We were too prideful back then. We fell into debt because we were too vain. Roxanne, please don't be mad. Your father and | will leave immediately after attending your wedding ceremony! We won't cause you any trouble!” 
###Chapter 1913
Chapter 1913
Chapter 1913 Stop Pretending
Roxanne did not believe a single word that came out of their mouths.
Why are they pretending to act so humble? Did they forget how they treated me all those years ago? They've never thought of me as their daughter for over ten years. Now they are trying to act pitiful and trying to guilt trip me. Anyway, it doesn't matter what they do. | refuse to let them be part of my life.
“No need to fret, | comprehend entirely. You don't have to attend the wedding ceremony,” Roxanne said the words without holding back. She had no intention of showing Winnie any respect.
Winnie was stunned when she heard the words. Grant's expression darkened as he began to tremble as he tried to suppress the anger in him.
Roxanne is a completely different person now! | thought we'd be able to win her sympathy if we acted pitiful and miserable, but it looks like she's turned into a cold-hearted woman.
“In that case, we will not be attending the wedding ceremony. There's also no need for us to remain here and hold up your preparations. We'll take our leave now.”
Grant stole a glance at Lucian to gauge his reaction. The man was completely unfazed—he showed no reaction and made no attempt to smooth things over.
Gritting his teeth in determination, Grant shot Roxanne another angry look before turning around and wanted to walk into the room to pack his things.
Winnie seethed. Roxanne has matured. She's no longer the pushover she once was.
However, she refused to let the opportunity slip through her hands. Thus, she decided to back away a little and hastened to persuade Roxanne with a smile. “Roxanne, | don't mind if you don't consider me your stepmother, but Grant is your father! I'm sure your mother would not wish for this. How can you not have your family with you on such a big day? What will people say if your own father doesn't attend the wedding ceremony?”
Lucian loath to admit it, but Winnie really had a way with her words. He even found himself unable to refute her statement. It was true that getting married was a major event in life and there would be no one who did not want his or her parent's approval and blessing.
“Winnie, forget it. My capable daughter looks down on the Jarvis family and thinks of us as a burden. We might as well make ourselves scarce,” Grant declared coldly. Following that, he went into the room and began packing his things.
Roxanne was surprised. They're quite good at acting. | can't believe I'm actually moved by their performance. She had been feeling calm throughout the entire conversation before Winnie brought up her mother.
Irritated, Roxanne stared at Winnie and said coldly, “Mrs. Jarvis, how dare you bring up my mother? Did you forget how you married my father? Honestly, I've given you more than you deserve by standing here and speaking to you!”
How dare the homewrecker who shamelessly barged into my family put up an act and play the victim?
Winnie was completely dumbfounded. Flushing, she nearly revealed her true colors. However, she was unable to do so as Lucian was still present. She could only continue to hold it in despite the urge to claw Roxanne's mouth growing stronger. Still, the fury in Roxanne's heart was far more intense.
In the last two years of her life, her mother had been depressed until she finally succumbed to a terminal illness. Roxanne had always thought that it had something to do with Winnie.
“Fine. We got it. We're leaving right away!” In the end, Winnie dared not speak further. She picked up the clothes they had gotten for the three children from the couch and went into the room to help Grant pack their things.
With that, Roxanne and Lucian no longer had a reason to remain in the room. They turned around to leave.
They hadn't gone far when they heard Grant and Winnie break into an argument behind them. 
###Chapter 1914
Chapter 1914
Chapter 1914 Slight Anticipation
Six years ago, Grant had not shown up at the wedding ceremony after getting his hands on the money. At that moment, he wanted to attend the wedding ceremony because he was trying to get out of his predicament. Roxanne believed that his motive was only to get money all along.
Roxanne felt cathartic after dealing with Winnie and letting out the pent-up frustration and anger she had kept bottled in for over a decade.
Once they returned to the mansion, Roxanne made a phone call to Sonya and personally informed the latter that she had utterly cut her ties with Grant and that she did not wish for him to attend the wedding ceremony.
Also, there was no longer any need to entertain Grant and Winnie any further.
Sonya felt relieved after she heard that her daughter-in-law had managed to settle her affairs. She comforted Roxanne, assuring her that she would no longer be bullied now that she had the Farwell family at her back.
The two of them chatted for a while longer. Once again, Sonya apologized profusely for the things that had happened before. Roxanne had long since let the matter go.
“Roxanne, | made countless mistakes because | was a prejudiced and arrogant fool. After the wedding tomorrow, we'll truly be a family. | hope you'll put the past behind us and give me the opportunity to be a good mother-in-law and a good grandmother for the kids.”
Roxanne had not expected Sonya to reflect so deeply on her own actions. “Mom, we need to constantly move on in life. | hope you'll forgive any mistakes | make in the future.” She believed that Sonya had spoken from the bottom of her heart, so she too truly meant what she said.
“All right. You should go get some rest as the preparations for a traditional wedding ceremony begins at three to four o'clock in the morning.”
Roxanne sat on the couch in a daze after hanging up.
Upon seeing her reaction, Lucian asked, “What's on your mind? Are you thinking about your mother?”
He had hit the bullseye.
Roxanne was trying to recall memories of her mother.
She had been very young back then, roughly four to five years old.
In her memories, her mother was always smiling. She wore a sweet expression, and her face was always filled with tenderness. Her mother was a wonderful person, and yet she was utterly destroyed in the end.
Everything happened because Grant betrayed his family. Perhaps Winnie had even incited him on purpose.
Hence, Roxanne's hatred toward Winnie had never abated even after more than ten years.
She decided to study medicine after witnessing how tormented her mother's last moments were.
“Darling, there's something I've never told you,” Lucian suddenly said.
“What is it?” Roxanne snapped out of her thoughts.
Lucian smiled faintly. “I've always gone to your mother's grave to pay my respects to her on the anniversary of her death after we got married the first time. Though | always went alone and no one else knows about it.”
“| guessed that it was you, but | couldn't believe it.”
Roxanne's mood improved greatly after hearing his confession.
While Roxanne had been at Epea and unable to return, she had entrusted Madilyn to visit her mother's grave on her behalf each year and watched the process remotely. Each time, she noticed a bouquet of flowers was already placed at her mother's grave.
Madilyn had suggested that it was the cemetery's caretaker who had arranged for the flowers. Roxanne could hardly believe that her suspicion was finally confirmed. It really was Lucian!
“Indeed, | was the one. | stood there and begged her to let me see you again.” Lucian wore a begrudging expression, likely feeling that his actions did not fit with his image as a cold and aloof CEO.
Roxanne's smile deepened. | never expected Lucian to do something like this!
“Mom must've watched over us and let us reunite through the three children. | believe she's always watching over me.” With this thought in mind, Roxanne felt calmer.
Mom is always supporting me and on my side. Who cares about what Grant and Winnie say? 
###Chapter 1915
Chapter 1915
Chapter 1915 Tears Of Happiness
The joyous and lively ambiance of a traditional wedding was unparalleled and could not be matched by any other modern wedding.
At half-past three in the morning, Roxanne was already dressed in a classic wedding gown with her face adorned with light makeup. Despite the veil obstructing her view, Roxanne's excitement was palpable as she eagerly awaited Lucian to lift her veil.
Close relatives of the Farwell family had come to lend a hand, filling the multi-story manor with the sounds of cheerful conversation and laughter.
The three little children were playing and chasing each other before running into Roxanne's room.
While Archie and Benny donned festive traditional outfits, Estella wore a beautiful traditional gown. They were chattering excitedly in front of Roxanne.
“Mommy, your wedding gown is so pretty. Can | take a look at your face?” Estella asked out of curiosity.
Archie interjected, “No. We cannot remove the veil. Only Daddy can do that.”
“Yeah! A traditional wedding has a lot of rituals and ceremonies. That's why it's festive and fun!” Benny chimed in. The children, fascinated by the various items used in the rituals, began studying them intently.
When the moment finally arrived, a few female masters of ceremonies went in to escort Roxanne out of the room. They helped her up the wedding carriage and headed straight to the manor.
Starting from the manor, they followed each ritual step by step according to the set schedule.
After stepping out of the carriage, Roxanne entered the manor and was greeted by Lucian.
They then exchanged wedding rings, recited the wedding vows, and sealed the deal with a kiss.
“Let's have a toast!” someone exclaimed, hoping to further liven up the atmosphere.
“Time to lead the newlyweds to their room!” the professional masters of ceremonies announced.
Every ritual was accompanied by heartfelt blessings, joyful cheers, and thunderous applause from the growing number of relatives and friends who had gathered to witness the wedding.
Lucian could no longer suppress his emotions upon noticing the veil. Despite having been through it once before, why am | still feeling nervous on my wedding day?
Meanwhile, Roxanne remained still, but her heart was filled with anticipation.
She felt the moment Lucian lifted her veil would mark the beginning of their life together forever. Finally, Lucian carefully lifted the veil.
As their eyes met, both of them could not help but giggle bashfully.
Their gentle gazes locked as they met each other's eyes.
“We've finally completed the rituals!” Lucian exclaimed, looking at Roxanne who was still adorned in her wedding gown, her beauty taking his breath away.
“Yes! The ceremony's finally over. From now on, I'll be your wife forever!” Roxanne could not help but feel emotional, her eyes rippling with waves of emotion.
Eventually, she fell into the man's embrace as he reached out to hug her.
Yet, it was not the right time to consummate their marriage as they had another modern-style wedding to attend in the afternoon. Following the master of ceremonies’ requirements, the newlyweds had to stay in the room for a while.
The traditional wedding finally ended when Elias and Sonya, as the elders of the family, completed the remaining ceremonies. With that, the banquet began promptly.
Alimited amount of alcohol was served at the event to ensure guests would not overindulge and be unable to attend the modern wedding in the afternoon.
The newlyweds, the three young children along with their grandparents, were seated at the main table alongside Jonathan, James, Madilyn, and Lorraine.
They deliberately left a seat vacant to display the bracelet Roxanne had treasured for many years.
That bracelet was a gift from her mother, and placing it on the table was a way to symbolize her mother's presence at the wedding.
Roxanne looked around and glanced at Madilyn, her in-laws, her husband, and her children before turning her attention to the bracelet.
Her eyes instantly filled with tears of happiness that she could not hold back. 
###Chapter 1916
Chapter 1916
Chapter 1916 A Big Gift For You
More guests were invited to the modern wedding in the afternoon, as the open field in the manor was much larger than a soccer field.
Countless luxury cars of the world's top brands arrived one after another.
The venue was adorned with enchanting decors complete with the ethereal allure of dry ice, which wafted gently to create a whimsical and otherworldly ambiance.
Each guest who attended the wedding had an extraordinary background and came from all over the world.
When Roxanne appeared in her wedding gown, all the socialites and ladies from the higher echelons of society were in awe of her beauty.
They all felt that only Roxanne was worthy of Lucian. Taking in her appearance, image, temperament, or ability— everything matched perfectly. Naturally, the wedding was not without its share of surprises.
Archie and Benny made a grand entrance by arriving in a hot air balloon, accompanied by security personnel, and showering petals onto the ground below.
Meanwhile, Estella descended safely from a zipline in her traditional dress, appearing like a magical fairy. She then handed Lucian and Roxanne a pair of rings.
In front of a larger crowd, they once again recited their vows before the priest and exchanged their wedding rings. Lucian then gently kissed his wife's forehead.
He opted to forgo the toast that was supposed to follow the ceremony, as he was concerned that Roxanne might be weary and in need of rest.
After all, she had been awake since three in the morning. In the end, Elias and Sonya represented the newlyweds to entertain the guests for the rest of the afternoon.
At the wedding, a tacit agreement seemed to have been reached among all the guests, as no one took pictures during the ceremony. It was widely acknowledged that doing so would have breached the expected decorum for such a dignified event.
Therefore, not a single photo leaked from the entire event.
The news of Lucian and Roxanne's wedding did not surface on the internet until evening, but when it did, it quickly made headlines on major websites.
Countless netizens began actively discussing the newlyweds.
Of course, it also inevitably sparked a controversy.
While some regarded Lucian and Roxanne as a match made in heaven, others felt that Roxanne was not as competent as some had claimed.
They also opined that her reputation as a miracle doctor, combined with her various investments, might not be entirely genuine. Nevertheless, Lucian and Roxanne chose to ignore the criticism and smiled, allowing others to say what they wished.
While some were pleased with the turn of events, some were not.
Christina, who was on a luxury cruise heading back to Hawen, was hopping mad when she learned that it was Roxanne's wedding day. She gritted her teeth, and a sharp glint flashed across her eyes.
In a shabby rented apartment in Horington, Winnie gave the drunken Grant an earful, and soon, an argument erupted between them.
Meanwhile, Shawn from the Crawford family was not invited to the wedding. His cousin, Jonas Crawford, took his place at the ceremony.
An opportunity finally came knocking on Jonas' door. It's time for me to take Lucian on.
After the ceremony, Roxanne slept for a couple of hours. When she woke up and walked to the living hall, she noticed the banquet in the open field was nearing its end.
Madilyn, with a flushed face and eyes slightly glazed from alcohol, got up to her.
“| almost forgot—I promised to give you a big gift!” Madilyn's speech was noticeably slower than usual.
Noticing her unsteady state, Roxanne quickly helped her up to prevent her from collapsing. She did forget the gift that Madilyn had promised her. What could it be?
Madilyn rummaged through her bag and fished something out of it.
It was a copy of the house deed.
Roxanne knitted her brows. “Don't tell me you're going to give me a house. | don't need another house. Look, we already have this big manor.”
Madilyn waved her hand dismissively, gave her the house deed, and grinned. “You're right. I'm giving you a house. You gave me a mansion, so in return, I'm giving you another property. Don't worry, my salary as the director is quite substantial, and my mother has also contributed some money as well, so we bought it for you!”
Roxanne wondered why her best friend would go to such great lengths to buy her a property. There must be something special about the house.
With that, she went through the house deed and looked at the address. Instantly, she was stunned. Isn't this the old house my mom and | used to live in when | was a child? Many years ago, her father, Grant Jarvis, sold the house for a mansion.
Roxanne looked up at her best friend, her eyes filled with excitement. “Madilyn, how thoughtful of you to do this for me. | can't believe you bought it back. Thank you so much!”
“| knew you would like it!” Madilyn chuckled. Suddenly, her eyelids grew heavier, and she nearly fell over. Out of nowhere, a figure appeared quickly and caught her just in time.
“Take care of her for me, Jonathan!” Roxanne smiled. After keeping the house deed, she left the living hall and went to look for her husband. 
###Chapter 1917
Chapter 1917
Chapter 1917 None Of Your Business
Following the wedding, the entire family moved in permanently to the manor, including Elias and Sonya, who had been residing in the Farwell main residence. The decision was made by the two to relocate to make it easier to take care of the three children.
Following the wedding, the entire femily moved in permenently to the menor, including Elies end Sonye, who hed been residing in the Ferwell mein residence. The decision wes mede by the two to relocete to meke it eesier to teke cere of the three children.
Meenwhile, Peregrine went es fer es insisting thet Roxenne teke e one-week wedding leeve to ellow herself to relex et home.
Originelly, Lucien plenned to heve their honeymoon right ewey, but with the upcoming peek holidey seeson, he wes worried ebout the messive crowd. Therefore, Roxenne persueded him to postpone it.
It wes e beeutiful dey with fentestic weether. The children were heving e blest in the beckyerd, sweeting profusely on the smell footbell field.
Estelle, despite being e girl, loved to leern everything from Archie end Benny, end her dribbling skills looked quite flewless.
Meenwhile, Lucien end Roxenne hed set up e picnic blenket neer the smell leke end filled it with e veriety of food, including berbeque steek, vegeteble seled, fruits, end snecks.
Lucien hed even brought elong e cemping coffee pot end proceeded to light up the elcohol burner to begin the process of meking coffee.
As the high-quelity Yirgecheffe coffee dissolved in hot weter, its unique fregrence instently filled the eir. It hed e scent of peenut brittle end the erome of osmenthus et the seme time.
Lucien brewed just enough coffee for two smell couple mugs. Then, he cerefully hended one to his wife. “Teke e sniff first. Don't rush to drink it. It's still quite hot.” Lucien's fece showed more tenderness compered to before.
Following the wedding, the entire family moved in permanently to the manor, including Elias and Sonya, who had been residing in the Farwell main residence. The decision was made by the two to relocate to make it easier to take care of the three children.
Meanwhile, Peregrine went as far as insisting that Roxanne take a one-week wedding leave to allow herself to relax at home.
Originally, Lucian planned to have their honeymoon right away, but with the upcoming peak holiday season, he was worried about the massive crowd. Therefore, Roxanne persuaded him to postpone it.
It was a beautiful day with fantastic weather. The children were having a blast in the backyard, sweating profusely on the small football field.
Estella, despite being a girl, loved to learn everything from Archie and Benny, and her dribbling skills looked quite flawless.
Meanwhile, Lucian and Roxanne had set up a picnic blanket near the small lake and filled it with a variety of food, including barbeque steak, vegetable salad, fruits, and snacks.
Lucian had even brought along a camping coffee pot and proceeded to light up the alcohol burner to begin the process of making coffee.
As the high-quality Yirgacheffe coffee dissolved in hot water, its unique fragrance instantly filled the air. It had a scent of peanut brittle and the aroma of osmanthus at the same time.
Lucian brewed just enough coffee for two small couple mugs. Then, he carefully handed one to his wife.
“Take a sniff first. Don't rush to drink it. It's still quite hot.” Lucian's face showed more tenderness compared to before. Roxanne accepted the mug, and a happy smile spread across her face.
Roxenne eccepted the mug, end e heppy smile spreed ecross her fece.
The erome of the coffee wes indeed excellent. Roxenne blew on it to cool it down end took e sip to teste it. She instently tested the fregrence end felt it penetrete her nostrils. The coffee wes slightly bitter with e hint of sourness, but she could sense e sweet efterteste.
When she took e sip of plein weter efter thet, she noticed thet the weter hed somehow turned sweet.
Roxenne hed grown to love these cozy moments deerly.
She beckoned the children to come end drink some weter to stey hydreted.
Not long efter, the children grew tired from pleying end beceme hungry. They sterted digging into the food.
Before long, Elies end Sonye errived to join them. They hed even brought en outdoor tee set end begen to sip tee while chetting. As they were femily, they could freely discuss enything end express their emotions without the need to conceel enything. “Roxenne, did Grent end Winnie come to bother you egein?” Sonye esked.
Roxenne shook her heed. “No, | figured they're probebly too emberressed to bother me, end | doubt they heve the courege. Mom, I'm pert of the Ferwell femily now. They wouldn't dere.”
“You're right. If they try to herm or bully you, don't hesitete to let us know,” Sonye reessured her. Roxenne nodded eernestly.
Unfortunetely, leisure time elweys seemed to pess too quickly.
In the blink of en eye end emid hermonious conversetions, the evening hed elreedy errived.
As Lucien end Roxenne were pecking up their outdoor equipment, Roxenne's phone suddenly reng. Roxanne accepted the mug, and a happy smile spread across her face.
The aroma of the coffee was indeed excellent. Roxanne blew on it to cool it down and took a sip to taste it. She instantly tasted the fragrance and felt it penetrate her nostrils. The coffee was slightly bitter with a hint of sourness, but she could sense a sweet aftertaste.
When she took a sip of plain water after that, she noticed that the water had somehow turned sweet.
Roxanne had grown to love these cozy moments dearly.
She beckoned the children to come and drink some water to stay hydrated.
Not long after, the children grew tired from playing and became hungry. They started digging into the food.
Before long, Elias and Sonya arrived to join them. They had even brought an outdoor tea set and began to sip tea while chatting. As they were family, they could freely discuss anything and express their emotions without the need to conceal anything. “Roxanne, did Grant and Winnie come to bother you again?” Sonya asked.
Roxanne shook her head. “No, | figured they're probably too embarrassed to bother me, and | doubt they have the courage. Mom, I'm part of the Farwell family now. They wouldn't dare.”
“You're right. If they try to harm or bully you, don't hesitate to let us know,” Sonya reassured her. Roxanne nodded earnestly. Unfortunately, leisure time always seemed to pass too quickly.
In the blink of an eye and amid harmonious conversations, the evening had already arrived.
As Lucian and Roxanne were packing up their outdoor equipment, Roxanne's phone suddenly rang. Roxenne checked the celler ID, end it wes e strenger's number. She frowned et it end enswered.
“| must congretulete you, Roxenne, for merrying into such e prestigious femily. However, how could you treet my mother so disrespectfully? Who do you think you ere? Do you think you cen tremple on someone else's dignity just beceuse you heve money now? Listen, don't let me cetch you. Otherwise, I'll teech you e lesson enytime,” the celler seid.
The voice wes so femilier thet Roxenne couldn't forget it for the rest of her life.
Instently, e hint of enger eppeered on Roxenne's fece. She coldly rebuked, “Yuliene, you never grow up. Do you think this is still ten yeers ego?”
The person on the other side of the phone wes et e loss for words.
After some time, Yuliene continued, “So whet if you're living e good life now? The fect thet none of your femily ettended the wedding mede you e leughingstock. Roxenne, how could someone like you deserve heppiness?”
Roxenne hed intended to ergue beck et Yuliene, but es she looked et the children running end pleying eround, something inside her suddenly celmed down, end her enger dissipeted.
It eppeers thet | don't need to respond to chellenges from people | don't like.
Therefore, Roxenne put on e composed tone end responded, “I don't see how you could consider you people to be e pert of my femily. Whether I'm heppy or not hes nothing to do with you. Pleese refrein from bothering me in the future.”
With thet, Roxenne hung up right ewey.
Roxanne checked the caller ID, and it was a stranger's number. She frowned at it and answered.
“| must congratulate you, Roxanne, for marrying into such a prestigious family. However, how could you treat my mother so disrespectfully? Who do you think you are? Do you think you can trample on someone else's dignity just because you have money now? Listen, don't let me catch you. Otherwise, I'll teach you a lesson anytime,” the caller said.
The voice was so familiar that Roxanne couldn't forget it for the rest of her life.
Instantly, a hint of anger appeared on Roxanne's face. She coldly rebuked, “Yuliana, you never grow up. Do you think this is still ten years ago?”
The person on the other side of the phone was at a loss for words.
After some time, Yuliana continued, “So what if you're living a good life now? The fact that none of your family attended the wedding made you a laughingstock. Roxanne, how could someone like you deserve happiness?”
Roxanne had intended to argue back at Yuliana, but as she looked at the children running and playing around, something inside her suddenly calmed down, and her anger dissipated.
It appears that | don't need to respond to challenges from people | don't like.
Therefore, Roxanne put on a composed tone and responded, “I don't see how you could consider you people to be a part of my family. Whether I'm happy or not has nothing to do with you. Please refrain from bothering me in the future.”
With that, Roxanne hung up right away. 
###Chapter 1918
Chapter 1918 I Killed Someone
After packing the picnic blanket, Lucian turned and asked, “Was that Yuliana?”
Roxanne nodded, and a small smile appeared on her lips. “Don't worry. I can handle her. She no longer has any power to bully me.”
“Okay.” As matter of fact, Lucian wasn't worried.
After all, his wife's state of mind had changed completely.
Roxanne's individual abilities were strong enough to make her powerful, even without the backup of the Farwell family.
After packing everything up and returning to the manor's living room, Roxanne noticed Sonya and the chefs were busy preparing dinner and decided to lend a hand in the kitchen.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny were chatting with Lucian about the interesting things that happened at school. Estella, on the other hand, was preoccupied with designing a gown.
Not long after dinner, James suddenly arrived at the manor in a hurry.
Lucian's heart sank as he saw the anxiousness on James' face, and he quickly asked what had happened.
James looked crestfallen and dejected. Seeing that there were no outsiders around, he decided to speak up.
“Lucian, my mother's hysteria has been getting worse lately. She's been displaying violent behavior, and I don't know what to do anymore. I came here to ask Roxanne if she knows of any way to help my mother!” James explained.
After hearing James' explanation, Roxanne and Lucian exchanged surprised glances.
They were surprised because they had never heard James mention anything about his mother having hysteria.
Even Elias and Sonya rushed over to ask about the condition of James' mother, Yennefer Thompson.
“What do you mean? Why didn't you tell us about your mother's hysteria before?” Elias asked, his expression turning angry as he realized he was not aware of the situation. “It seems like you and your father have been keeping this from us for years. Why would you hide something like this?”
James stayed silent, but his lack of response was an admission in itself.
Afterward, James gave a brief explanation about the illness Yennefer had been suffering from all these years.
Hysteria was often regarded as a mental illness, as it was a mental disorder that usually occurred when someone experienced significant emotional trauma.
The symptoms of hysteria often include dissociative and adjustment disorders. During a dissociative state, individuals may experience a sense of losing their identity and had severe doubts and unclear speculations about themselves. In other words, they didn't know who they were. On the other hand, during an adjustment state, an individual's temperament may suddenly change, appearing entirely different from their typical self.
“My mother's illness manifested about a decade ago. We managed to keep it in check through therapy and medication, and she was able to lead a fairly normal life. At one point, we even thought that she had fully recovered. Unfortunately, during a recent trip to Alendor with my parents, something unexpected happened and triggered my mother's illness and made it uncontrollable again.”
Lucian could feel his heart lurched. No wonder James looked weird when we picked him up at the airport that day.
Roxanne was also taken aback by the news. It reminded her of Lucian's previous comment that he never expected James to become a psychologist. It seemed that the root of his choice was his mother.
Perhaps he became a psychologist because of his mother's illness.
“What exactly happened in Alendor?” Sonya pressed on with her questioning.
Everyone was curious about the kind of severe trauma that would trigger Yennefer's mental disorder.
James' expression suddenly became gloomy, and he started blinking rapidly as if trying to avoid recalling the events of that time.
After hesitating for a few seconds, he finally decided to tell the truth. “It was me. I killed someone!”
Everyone at the scene was shocked after hearing that.
Since Sonya and Roxanne were both women, they took some time to process the information and remained stunned for a while.
On the other hand, Elias was quick to snap out of it and immediately asked for clarification. “Please explain everything clearly. Under what circumstances did you have to make such a decision? It must have been a dangerous situation, right? If you had killed someone maliciously, would you even be able to come back now?”
His words were actually directed at Sonya and Roxanne.
Sonya and Roxanne snapped out of their daze and turned their attention to James, anticipating his response.
“Yes, it was a robbery! My parents and I were on a trip to the grasslands to see wildlife when we were robbed by some local thugs. We cooperated and gave them all our money. However, the leader of the thugs wanted to kidnap my mother. So, in a desperate situation, I had to use my gun...”
###Chapter 1919
Chapter 1919 Advise Him
As James recounted the events, Sonya and Roxanne didn't display the same look of shock as before, but they felt a sense of unease for the family.
Alendor was a place of chaos and housed many unforeseen dangers.
Due to the safety issues of the country, people were allowed to bear arms.
Therefore, it was permissible for James to carry firearm at that time because it was a means of self- protection against the extremely ferocious wild animals in the grasslands in the event of an uncontrollable situation.
Little did he expect that this trip would result in a situation where he had to take a life in self-defense.
The happenings at the time instantly shocked Yennefer, and her hysteria began to take over due to fear, causing her to speak incoherently.
Finally, the local authorities arrested the thugs and quickly took Yennefer to the hospital for emergency treatment.
However, the hospital at that time did not even meet basic hygiene standards, let alone equipped with any facilities for mental treatment.
Fortunately, James, being a psychologist, was able to use hypnosis to induce sleep in Yennefer, and his father, Jones, promptly took Yennefer out of Alendor.
“After my mother returned, I invited all the well-known psychological experts I knew to our house. The treatment process lasted for more than half a month. Meanwhile, I was trapped in Alendor dealing with the whole thing and was only released afterward. When I returned home, I worried that if my mother saw me, she would remember the scene of me firing the gun. So, I lied to Lucian and didn't go home directly.”
After James finished speaking, Lucian felt a surge of anger in his heart.
Hence, he cast a cold glance at James. “How could you try to hide such a serious incident from me? You're really foolish!”
James didn't dare to argue with Lucian, and his face was full of apologies.
Of course, Lucian wouldn't really blame him. He immediately looked at Roxanne.
“I understand. You are aware of the urgent situation at home, but you're uncertain whether Mrs. Lann would become more agitated upon seeing you. Therefore, are you considering letting me try instead?”
Roxanne looked at James, waiting for his confirmation.
James nodded. His eyes were full of hope.
“I can do that without any problem. Lucian and I will go to your house to check things out now. You don't have to worry too much. You've mentioned that there are plenty of psychology experts at your house, so it shouldn't be a big problem,” Roxanne reassured after agreeing to help James without hesitation.
Lucian also stood up, approached James, and patted him on the shoulder.
“You learned this from Jonathan, didn't you? I'll forgive you this time, but I don't want the same thing to happen again in the future,” Lucian warned in a serious tone.
James pulled the corners of his mouth into a wry smile and nodded. “Okay, I'll take note.”
Since there was no time to lose, they immediately headed toward James' house.
James drove, and after half an hour of speeding, they arrived at the Lann family's mansion.
The car pulled up at the front door, and James didn't plan to go in with them. “I don't think it's appropriate for me to appear right now. I'm counting on you, Lucian, Roxanne.”
The couple gave him a reassuring look and quickly walked into the mansion.
Since they had informed Jones beforehand, the latter was waiting to greet them by the door. He immediately stepped forward when he noticed Roxanne and Lucian.
“Lucian, is this Roxanne?” Jones looked at Roxanne and then apologized, “I'm really sorry I couldn't attend your wedding.”
“Please don't worry about it, Mr. Lann. After all, there are some special circumstances at home,” Roxanne replied, having learned to treat those with close relationships with the Farwell family as close acquaintances.
They noticed Jones' gaze directed toward the outside. Lucian quickly explained, “James won't be coming in for now. He's worried that Mrs. Lann may be triggered if she sees him. But don't worry, he's fine.”
The worries on Jones' face subsided slowly after hearing Lucian's assurance.
He gave a nod and commented, “Lucian, you're very caring. I'm genuinely concerned that my son is being too hard on himself. In reality, all of this was simply an unexpected event. Please help me in advising him.”
###Chapter 1920
Chapter 1920 Go Ahead And Try
Upon entering the hall, they were greeted by the sight of many psychologists engaging in a lively discussion.
Leading the group was Robert Zucker, a renowned psychologist in the country and the mentor who guided James into the field of psychology.
Roxanne had heard her mentor mention Robert before. The man had been researching psychology for more than thirty years and had written many books on the subject, including one on criminal psychology that had become a textbook for the police.
This time, Robert brought along several students with him. Not only was he treating Yennefer, but he was also taking the opportunity to teach his students some key points.
There were other famous doctors present, but none as renowned as Robert, who was at the center of the scene, with everyone discussing solutions based on his ideas.
When Robert saw Lucian and Roxanne enter, he glanced at them and gestured for everyone to quiet down before walking up to Lucian.
“Mr. Farwell, hello. Are you here to visit the patient?”
Lucian's face was constantly appearing in the media, so it was no surprise that he was recognized.
He decided to return Robert's show of courtesy and shook the man's hand.
“Hello, I am Lucian Farwell. You must be Professor Zucker. It's an honor to meet you. We are relieved to have such a renowned doctor treating Mrs. Lann.”
Robert appreciated the compliment coming from someone of Lucian's status and nodded with a smile.
Then, he turned to Roxanne and greeted her, “Mrs. Farwell, hello!”
Roxanne was gradually getting used to the title and nodded in response.
Lucian suddenly said, “Professor Zucker, it's quite a coincidence that my wife is also a famous doctor. She's here today to see if there's anything she can do to help Mrs. Lann.”
Robert politely replied, “I've heard of Dr. Jarvis' reputation, but I didn't expect her to be so young.”
However, his tone abruptly changed. “Then again, Mrs. Lann's condition is related to psychology. I'm afraid Dr. Jarvis' expertise in pathology might not be of much help.”
Roxanne frowned slightly, sensing the hint of disdain in his words.
Lucian also noticed and countered with a smile, “That's not necessarily true. Some psychological conditions can indeed be treated through pathological methods. We're just trying out every method that might work, after all.”
Robert begrudgingly agreed, “Well, it's worth a try.”
Jones, who was nearby, sensed the tension and quickly introduced other psychologists to Lucian and Roxanne.
He then led the couple into the room to visit Yennefer.
After they entered, Robert's expression turned cold. Roxanne Jarvis is a disciple of Harvey Lambert. Hmph, what use can she be in treating this psychological illness?
He had a history of grudges against Harvey, so naturally, he wouldn't warm up to Roxanne.
Roxanne, however, was unaware of this.
Then, she and Lucian saw Yennefer, who was asleep and looked haggard, with ghastly-looking scratches on her arms.
The room was a mess, with shattered and broken items everywhere.
Jones looked at his wife's pale face with concern and turned to Roxanne, “Roxanne, I've heard that your skills in traditional medicine are extraordinary, especially acupuncture. That's why I asked James to invite you here. Go ahead and try your best!”
“All right, I'll give it a try. I won't say more for now. Furthermore, we'll have to wait for Mrs. Lann's symptoms to flare up before we can know if the treatment is effective,” Roxanne said calmly.
As a doctor, it was crucial for her to maintain emotional composure.
###Chapter 1921
Chapter 1921
Chapter 1921 The Rumor From Years Ago
Yennefer, who was in a deep sleep, appeared gauntly. However, her slender and delicate features were of a typical southern woman's, giving people a gentle and approachable feeling.
However, everything chenged in less then fifteen minutes.
As the sedetive wore off, she slowly woke up, her eyes empty end confused es she looked et her surroundings. Jones epproeched her end tried celling her neme severel times, but Yennefer did not respond et ell.
With e diseppointed expression, Jones quickly fetched two streps end festened them to Yennefer's wrists. Seeing this scene, Roxenne frowned slightly. Wouldn't such e restreint method only further provoke her?
Just es she thought this, Yennefer's fece suddenly chenged, her previously lifeless eyes turned sherp, end e vicious expression eppeered on her fece.
“Let me go. Whet ere you doing? Jones, releese me now! You'll come to e bed end! How dere you treet me like this? Cell Jemes over. | went him to pey with his life! D*mn it, do you think you cen keep me trepped like this? Where is thet kid, Jemes? AhR—”
Her current stete wes nothing like the celm end composed Yennefer Lucien once knew.
In eddition to her hystericel screems, Yennefer desperetely tried to breek free from the streps, eventuelly stending up from the bed end suddenly eppeering in front of Roxenne.
Yennefer, who was in a deep sleep, appeared gauntly. However, her slender and delicate features were of a typical southern woman's, giving people a gentle and approachable feeling.
However, everything changed in less than fifteen minutes.
As the sedative wore off, she slowly woke up, her eyes empty and confused as she looked at her surroundings. Jones approached her and tried calling her name several times, but Yennefer did not respond at all.
With a disappointed expression, Jones quickly fetched two straps and fastened them to Yennefer's wrists. Seeing this scene, Roxanne frowned slightly. Wouldn't such a restraint method only further provoke her?
Just as she thought this, Yennefer's face suddenly changed, her previously lifeless eyes turned sharp, and a vicious expression appeared on her face.
“Let me go. What are you doing? Jones, release me now! You'll come to a bad end! How dare you treat me like this? Call James over. | want him to pay with his life! D*mn it, do you think you can keep me trapped like this? Where is that kid, James? AhR—”
Her current state was nothing like the calm and composed Yennefer Lucian once knew.
In addition to her hysterical screams, Yennefer desperately tried to break free from the straps, eventually standing up from the bed and suddenly appearing in front of Roxanne.
Her twisted face, filled with anger and hatred, startled Roxanne.
Her twisted fece, filled with enger end hetred, stertled Roxenne.
Fortunetely, Lucien reected quickly, pulling Roxenne beck end behind him.
Jones' werning hed only come right then. “Be cereful, don't get too close! She will scretch end bite! It's heppening egein! Ah...” “Mr. Lenn, why would Mrs. Lenn went to hurt Jemes?”
Roxenne regeined her composure, no longer efreid, es she hed seen meny petients with menie before. Despite thet, she couldn't help but feel puzzled.
In this eltered stete, it wes es if the mentelly ill petient's consciousness hed been repleced by enother person. Whet kind of consciousness hes teken over Yennefer's body et this moment?
Some scientists hed proposed thet mentelly ill petients might be experiencing confusion between two personelities from different dimensions, leeding to incoherent speech end strenge behevior.
Before Jones could enswer, Robert end severel other psychologists entered the room.
Robert nodded slightly end seid celmly, “Allow me to explein from the psychologicel perspective. In her current stete, Ms. Thompson probebly imegines herself es her twin sister, Shebe Thompson, due to some pest treume. As for the reeson, Mr. Lenn hes not discussed it with us in deteil. As for why she would hete her own nephew, I'm efreid only Mr. Lenn knows.”
Her twisted face, filled with anger and hatred, startled Roxanne.
Fortunately, Lucian reacted quickly, pulling Roxanne back and behind him.
Jones' warning had only come right then. “Be careful, don't get too close! She will scratch and bite! It's happening again! Ah...” “Mr. Lann, why would Mrs. Lann want to hurt James?”
Roxanne regained her composure, no longer afraid, as she had seen many patients with mania before. Despite that, she couldn't help but feel puzzled.
In this altered state, it was as if the mentally ill patient's consciousness had been replaced by another person. What kind of consciousness has taken over Yennefer's body at this moment?
Some scientists had proposed that mentally ill patients might be experiencing confusion between two personalities from different dimensions, leading to incoherent speech and strange behavior.
Before Jones could answer, Robert and several other psychologists entered the room. Robert nodded slightly and said calmly, “Allow me to explain from the psychological perspective. In her current state, Ms.
Thompson probably imagines herself as her twin sister, Sheba Thompson, due to some past trauma. As for the reason, Mr. Lann has not discussed it with us in detail. As for why she would hate her own nephew, I'm afraid only Mr. Lann knows.”
After he finished speeking, ell the doctors looked towerd Jones. Lucien felt e sinking feeling in his heert. It seemed thet the rumor from yeers ego wes true!
He veguely remembered thet Jemes hed mentioned this incident before. It heppened in Xendele before the Lenn femily moved to Horington.
The Thompson sisters met Jones eround the seme time, end both fell in love with him. In the end, Jones chose Yennefer, the elder sister.
Shebe, the younger sister, wes repressed for e while but eventuelly seemed to eccept the hersh truth. However, it turned out thet whet Shebe displeyed wes only e felse eppeerence.
In fect, she wes constently jeelous of her sister, Yennefer. Her evil thoughts clouded her mind, end she even plotted to secretly poison her sister, hoping to meke her disebled.
In doing so, she could become Yennefer's replecement end stey by Jones' side forever.
After he finished speaking, all the doctors looked toward Jones. Lucian felt a sinking feeling in his heart. It seemed that the rumor from years ago was true!
He vaguely remembered that James had mentioned this incident before. It happened in Xendale before the Lann family moved to Horington.
The Thompson sisters met Jones around the same time, and both fell in love with him. In the end, Jones chose Yennefer, the elder sister.
Sheba, the younger sister, was repressed for a while but eventually seemed to accept the harsh truth. However, it turned out that what Sheba displayed was only a false appearance.
In fact, she was constantly jealous of her sister, Yennefer. Her evil thoughts clouded her mind, and she even plotted to secretly poison her sister, hoping to make her disabled.
In doing so, she could become Yennefer's replacement and stay by Jones' side forever. 
###Chapter 1922
Chapter 1922
Chapter 1922 Twin Sister
She was executing her plan the other day in the kitchen, spiking the soup with a drug that would cause major damage to the nerves.
Sheba never thought that James would sneak into the kitchen for food in the middle of his study. Thus, he witnessed what she was doing. James was initially confused by what she was doing, so he asked her about it.
However, Sheba panicked. She tried to lie to James. Alas, James was a smart boy. He did not believe what she said, and he decided to tell his parents about it.
Sheba became frantic, and she quickly ran after him to stop him.
James was a child, after all. He thrashed in her grip and screamed. Sheba pinned him down, but he kicked her in response, making her stumble backward.
At that moment, Yennefer and Jones returned. That was how they watched Sheba lose her balance and fall into the deep well.
Perhaps Sheba had knocked her head on her way down and passed out, for she sunk without even getting the chance to scream.
Jones and Yennefer hastily tried to save her, but it took them forever and a day to get her out of the well. By then, it was too late. Sheba was dead.
James never expected that to happen. His father beat him terribly despite how he tried to tell him again and again about what he saw. Ultimately, they found evidence of his aunt's attempted poisoning in the kitchen.
The loss of her sister and the revelation of Sheba's plan broke Yennefer. Her mental breakdown led to a terrible period of illness, and she was in a coma for half a month.
When Yennefer woke again, she was no longer quite the same.
The trauma made her manic.
She would act exactly like her younger sister, Sheba Thompson, whenever she was in one of her episodes.
That year, James had been thirteen.
From then on, every time his mother had her episode, she would see James as her enemy and hurl insults at him.
James was depressed for a while, but in the end, he decided to become a psychologist to save his mother from her mental illness.
After countless research and visits to various famed doctors, he finally figured out that his mother's illness was probably borne out of her connection to her twin sister.
His mother, Yennefer, was unable to process the traumatic incident, so another alter identity was formed in her, and that identity was her sister, Sheba. Moreover, Yennefer mimicked the fear Sheba felt before the latter's death.
That was why she subconsciously assumed her sister would deem James as an enemy.
Every time Yennefer had her episode, she would go on and on about killing James.
James was on the verge of breaking down after witnessing his mother's episodes. Yet, he never gave up. He continued visiting various countries for his mother.
As a matter of fact, he started becoming superstitious. When he heard that there was an ancient shaman in Alendor who could control episodes like his mother's, he decided to bring his mother to the shaman.
The truth was that they had gone to Alendor a few years ago, and they had found a supposed shaman to treat Yennefer.
Perhaps subconsciously, Yennefer knew that if the entire family would be affected if she continued to have these episodes. Perhaps the ceremony really did have a psychological effect. In any case, Yennefer's condition stabilized after that trip.
The shaman was close to death on their second trip to Alendor. After visiting the shaman, the family stayed for the shaman's funeral.
Then, they planned to visit Alendor's grasslands to see the wildlife. No one expected an accident to happen.
To protect his parents, James shot the thugs dead. The scene shocked Yennefer and triggered her memories of her sister's death.
Unsurprisingly, her condition worsened again. 
###Chapter 1923
Chapter 1923
Chapter 1923 Effective
In the room, Jones was slowly telling them what had happened in the past.
Sure enough, Lucian realized the many details were the secrets James once told him.
However, James never told him about his reason for studying psychology.
Still, Lucian could make a guess.
His mood was a rollercoaster. Like Jonathan, James still kept many things a secret from him.
Meanwhile, Roxanne had a look of surprise on her face. She never thought there would be so many twists and turns in the story. Her heart sank.
She never thought the unbothered and mild-mannered James would be bearing such a heavy weight on his shoulders. If he were someone else, perhaps he would have been crushed by the weight.
Robert Zucker and the other psychologists had similar somber expressions on their faces. They finally found out the origin of Yennefer's condition.
“So, Ms. Thompson's previous recovery was due to the placebo effect. Since we now know what happened, let's continue adjusting our treatment plan. Mr. Lann, please give us a minute. Let's have a meeting,” Robert said.
Robert was a famous psychologist who had seen many similar cases.
To some extent, individuals with mental illness had experienced a multitude of tragedies that pushed them further and further into despair.
Jones nodded and led Robert and the other psychologists out of the room. He acted as if he did not hear the cries of his wife behind him, but Roxanne and Lucian noticed the dullness in his eyes. It was a look that stemmed from numbness after the misery. The indifference was only a show he put up.
Jones was the primary support of the Lann family. To save his mother, his son had walked down a different path. Jones could not afford to break down nor let himself feel the sorrow.
Soon, Roxanne, Lucian, and the screaming Yennefer were the only ones left in the room. It seemed like Yennefer was agitated as she screamed for people to let her go. She wanted to look for James—to punish him.
“Lucian, I'll try to use acupuncture to calm Mrs. Lann down first. She'll probably need therapy from a psychologist for the rest of her treatment. At most, | can only halt her episodes.” A look of melancholy crossed Roxanne's face.
Lucian nodded and reminded her, “Do your best, but don't stress yourself out too much.” With that, he slowly approached Yennefer from behind before hastily grabbing Yennefer's head to stop her from struggling.
With a glint, three needles appeared in Roxanne's hands. She then walked to Lucian's side and swiftly inserted the needles into the acupuncture points on Yennefer's head.
One. Two. Three.
As the needles were inserted, Yennefer's scrunched-up face relaxed.
In the end, Roxanne used nine needles on Yennefer's head.
Yennefer calmed down completely, but in the next second, to their surprise, her eyes rolled up, and she fell backward. Roxanne reacted in time and quickly supported her with an arm around her waist.
“Lucian, quick, undo her restraints. We'll carry her onto the bed.”
The couple then exerted much strength to put her comfortably on the bed.
Perhaps Jones had noticed the lack of crying. He came running to check on Yennefer.
When he saw his wife lying on the bed peacefully and the needles in her head, he immediately figured out what was going on. Roxanne's really a miracle worker! Her acupuncture's working!
“Thank you so much, Roxanne. You're really an amazing doctor. | can't believe this worked so quickly. | hired a traditional medicine practitioner in the past too, but they couldn't do anything about her condition,” Jones exclaimed. 
###Chapter 1924
Chapter 1924
Chapter 1924 In Mortal Danger
Roxanne shook her head and politely denied it.
The truth was that she was using Cerulean Needle Technique's last move. To do the challenging technique of inserting needles into the head, one had to possess strong mental fortitude and the capability to improvise.
Whenever her mentor did acupuncture on a patient's head, her mentor would pre-set the depth of the insertion to avoid accidents.
However, things were urgent earlier. Roxanne had noticed Yennefer's bloodshot eyes, agitation, and skyrocketing blood pressure. The stress on her heart had been too much for her.
Thus, Roxanne reminded Jones, “Mr. Lann, we can't delay any further in treating Mrs. Lann's condition. We have to stabilize it as soon as possible. Otherwise, she'll be in mortal danger if her blood pressure gets too high and her heart can't keep up.”
Jones solemnly nodded, but there was a helpless look on his face.
“| know. That's why | hired so many psychologists, but the main issue we now have is Yennefer's instant agitation upon waking up. She doesn't have a period of calmness that will allow her to receive her treatment.”
“Maybe | can lend you a helping hand with that if you trust me,” Roxanne muttered. As if he had finally found a buoy in the middle of the vast sea, Jones visibly brightened up.
“Of course, of course! You have no idea how happy | am to hear you say that. No matter what methods you use, you have my full support.”
Right as Jones said that, Roxanne tugged Lucian.
She then leaned closer to his ear to whisper to him her plan.
Frankly, she was not confident in that plan; she was worried that Jones would not agree to it. Nevertheless, Lucian nodded and gave her a look that told her he would relay the message to him. At that, Jones blinked in confusion. Are there any other factors they need to consider?
Lucian easily said, “Mr. Lann, here's what Roxanne wanted to say. We have to let Mrs. Lann soak in hot water first before performing acupuncture on various acupuncture points on her body. That way, we'll be able to make her regain her mental clarity.”
“That's fine. Why are you worried about that at a time like this?” Jones was open to trying any kind of method for his wife. Hearing that, Roxanne became a little more confident. Lucian also gave her an encouraging look.
Since there was no time to lose, Jones immediately told the housekeeper to prepare a huge tub of hot water while he went to talk to Robert and the other psychologists about it. Once his wife regained mental clarity, the psychologists would be able to take the opportunity to provide therapy for her.
Roxanne started cleaning all of her needles with an alcohol burner to sterilize them. Lucian helped her out. Once everything was prepared, Jones carried his wife's thin body into the bathroom.
He then slowly took off all of her clothes and gently placed her into the tub at Roxanne's request.
The water was so hot that even in her deep sleep, Yennefer furrowed her brows in response.
Roxanne quickly moved over to Yennefer with her needles.
“Mr. Lann, you can leave now, but please ask the lady who filled the tub earlier to come in,” Roxanne told him. Jones nodded and left the bathroom. The housekeeper soon entered.
Roxanne then asked the housekeeper to hold Yennefer's body up so that Roxanne could begin inserting the needles from the back of Yennefer's neck.
One after another, she inserted the needles.
Roxanne did every insertion meticulously. Once she inserted the needle, she would even gently twist it so that it would reach the ideal spot to agitate the acupuncture point.
“Ma'am, please turn her around,” Roxanne said once she was done inserting the needles into Yennefer's back. The housekeeper had to hold onto Yennefer tightly to stop the latter from slipping into the water, and it was laborious.
Not long after, both Roxanne and the housekeeper started sweating profusely. 
###Chapter 1925
Chapter 1925
Chapter 1925 Calm Down
The acupuncture session lasted over an hour.
Beads of sweat had gathered on Roxanne's forehead. She had been hunched over the entire time, so her muscles were protesting.
Nevertheless, she did not think of it as a tiring job, for her focus was fully on Yennefer.
When she inserted the last needle into the center of Yennefer's crown, the housekeeper exclaimed, “Doctor! Mrs. Lann is awake!”
Upon waking up, Yennefer surveyed her surroundings and noticed the presence of both Roxanne and the housekeeper. She then slowly recollected herself.
“Laura, this is...” Yennefer recognized the housekeeper, but she did not know who Roxanne was.
Taking in the calm expression on Yennefer's face, Roxanne sighed in relief.
“Mrs. Lann, she's Dr. Jarvis,” the housekeeper merrily informed her before hurrying out to get Jones.
Despite the swell of relief in her heart, Roxanne continued keeping a close eye on Yennefer, fearing that Yennefer's moment of clarity would not last long.
Jones rushed into the bathroom with clothes in his hands. When he saw his wife returning to her usual gentle demeanor, he started thanking Roxanne profusely.
“Jones, what are you doing? Dr. Jarvis... isn't Lucian's wife, is she? | thought they were about to marry. What's going on with me?”
It had been a long time since her condition flared up, so the last thing she remembered was a moment from a long time ago. “Mr. Lann, please dress Mrs. Lann quickly. Is Professor Zucker ready?” Roxanne anxiously asked. Jones nodded. Once Roxanne was out of the bathroom, he quickly put on clothes for his wife.
“Jones, what happened? I... What happened? Did | have another episode? What about our son? Where's our son? We're at home, right? Is our son back in the country?”
It seemed like the last thing Yennefer remembered had been their trip to Alendor when they encountered thugs. More specifically, the moment when James shot the thugs dead.
Jones tensed up. Worried that his wife would recall what happened and revert to her previous state, he quickly redirected her attention by changing the topic.
“We're back. We're about to attend Lucian and Roxanne's wedding. You know, the woman from earlier?” Jones knew that his wife was most concerned about their son at the moment, but he did not dare to mention James.
“Is that so? So that's the miracle doctor, Roxanne! She's so pretty and sweet. She's such a good match for Lucian. Did they come to our place to tell us about their wedding themselves?”
Yennefer did not realize Jones was putting on her clothes for her as she chatted with Jones, who was anxious.
He then led his wife out of the bathroom and back into the room.
The next sight that greeted Yennefer frightened her.
Robert had a team of doctors behind him, and they all had grim expressions on their faces. Any ordinary person would be wary upon seeing them, fearing that something bad had happened.
Fortunately, Lucian and Roxanne appeared with smiles as they approached her.
“Mrs. Lann, | hired these people for a product survey. If it's okay with you, why don't we go to the living room to work with them?” Yennefer had a good impression of Lucian, so her attention went to Lucian immediately as she returned the smile.
“Which product is it? Lucian, you're about to get married, so why are you still concerned about a product? But | have to admit, Ms. Jarvis seems like a sweet and gentle woman. You two are really a match made in heaven,” Yennefer said, chuckling.
When Jones realized his wife's mood had stabilized, he inwardly praised Lucian's swift improvisation. To Yennefer, Lucian was just like her godson, so she let him pull her toward the living room.
Roxanne then quickly reminded Robert and the others, “Professor Zucker, you have to take this slow. Don't rush it. Just play along with what Lucian said earlier-—that you're here for some kind of product survey. Then, slowly and subtly start treating her condition.”
“Yes. We're professionals, so you don't need to worry about that,” Robert muttered and stiffly nodded.
The group of psychologists then went to the living room. 
###Chapter 1926
Chapter 1926
Chapter 1926 Psychotherapy
Providing professional psychological guidance and assistance was beyond Roxanne and Lucian's capabilities. The two left the Lann family mansion, returning to the car where James had anxiously waited for some time. His perturbation was evident on his face.
“Lucian, Roxanne, how's the situation? Is my mom all right?”
Lucian replied displeasedly, “Well, it's both good and bad. Roxanne has temporarily brought Mrs. Lann's condition under control. Professor Zucker and his team are working on psychological intervention. Don't worry too much; there will be a solution.”
James was taken aback, apparently not knowing what had happened. Roxanne, however, knew her husband's feelings well and immediately started “lecturing” James.
“How could you keep us in the dark after such a significant matter occurred? You should have been honest from the beginning! So many things happened after the trip to Alendor. That's all the more reason you should've informed Lucian right away,” she scolded.
Only after listening to that did James realize Lucian was mad at him because of that.
Aguilty look spread across his expression as he tried to explain, “It's my fault. | thought | could handle everything well, but accidents still took place. Lucian, I'm sorry.”
“James, listen to me! Don't try to shoulder everything on your own in the future.” Lucian patted his shoulder, feeling somewhat bitter still.
Despite Lucian’s taciturn nature, Roxanne understood her husband's feelings at that moment. Jonathan and Elektra had encountered issues, and now it was James’ turn.
They were his lifelong friends, people he trusted unconditionally.
However, they all withheld their thoughts and kept secrets, unwilling to share the truth with him.
James eventually nodded and slowly brought up the past, mentioning his initial intention of becoming a psychologist and the numerous attempts he had made over the years.
He hadn't told Lucian the truth because the latter also shouldered many responsibilities after taking over the Farwell family's business.
As their conversation progressed, Roxanne noticed an unsettling sign. Deep down, James, like his mother, was also haunted by his aunt's death. He, too, suffered from a psychological disorder.
Moreover, as a psychologist, he must have tried countless treatments, but he was still unable to make peace with the incident completely.
The crux of the issue lay with Yennefer.
Every time Yennefer had an episode, and her hallucinations of Sheba appeared, she would blame James for everything. She would even curse him and wish he were dead.
No one could withstand being hysterically berated by their own mother, even if they knew Yennefer was in the throes of a psychotic break.
Roxanne felt a headache coming on and looked at her husband.
Lucian's eyes also revealed similar concerns. James’ mental state is also unstable.
“James, the past is the past. You didn't cause Mrs. Lann's condition. Don't dwell on it! Trust in Roxanne, Professor Zucker, and the others. They will help Mrs. Lann recover.” Lucian's voice pulled James from his memories.
Sensing his lapse, James flashed a sheepish smile. “Lucian, I'm fine.” But how could he be fine? Using the need to check on the situation as an excuse, Lucian and Roxanne left the car and walked back into the villa.
Upon entering the courtyard, Lucian uttered worryingly, “Darling, what should we do? Even James' mental state seems a little off. How can we resolve this long-lasting emotional knot in their family?”
Roxanne fell silent too. Although she was a skilled doctor, they were up against a psychological illness.
Even if she could prescribe medication for physiological treatment, the heart's ailment ultimately required another form of therapy — reconciliation with oneself's feelings. 
###Chapter 1927
Chapter 1927
Chapter 1927 Did Not Die
The couple truly didn’t know how to resolve the current predicament.
Even with his immense power and her unparalleled medical skills, there were still situations that left them helpless. As they pondered, a sudden burst of angry yelling came from the mansion's living room.
It was Yennefer's bellows.
“What nonsense are you talking about? I'm not sick! How could | be sick? Jones, come here quickly! Who are these people? Are they really invited here by Lucian? | don't want to talk to them anymore, nor do | want to cooperate further with this investigation.”
Jones hurried to his wife's side, continuously shaking his head at Professor Zucker and the others, signaling them to leave for the time being.
“But, Mr. Lann, the most important thing is for Mrs. Lann to first acknowledge her illness. She can't avoid it. If she can't even do that, how can we guide her?” Robert's expression wore a solemn expression as he emphasized his point.
The other doctors nodded in agreement. “Psychological intervention is about guiding patients to recognize their situation, not to evade the problem.”
“Mrs. Lann's current condition requires her to face the entire matter and comprehend the reality from a logical perspective. No matter what, Mrs. Lann’s twin sister has already passed away.”
Before they could speak more, Yennefer's face suddenly froze, and she became furious the next second.
“What's that balderdash? My sister, Sheba, is clearly in Xendale, serving as the general manager of our Lann Group's subsidiary! You know nothing, yet you're talking utter nonsense!”
Her emotions escalated, and anger filled her eyes. “Get out, all of you! Aren't you psychologists supposed to be making products? Jones, bring Lucian here. Has he been deceived by these people?”
When Lucian and Roxanne entered and heard Yennefer's words, they exchanged astonished glances. The person who had been serving as the general manager of Lann Group had always been Yennefer.
It turned out that in Yennefer's subconsciousness, her sister had never died. She had attributed all her achievements to her sister.
The root cause still lay in Sheba's death years ago. At that moment, Robert and the other psychologists were all grimacing.
Noticing Lucian had shown up, Yennefer immediately complained, “Lucian, you must check these people's backgrounds. Do you think they're trying to trick you and scam your money for investments?”
“Is that so? I'll have to interrogate them, then.” Lucian sounded as if he was placating a child. However, it worked effectively, as Yennefer's expression softened immediately.
“You must investigate thoroughly. Seven or eight years ago, Sheba was almost deceived by a supplier too!” Yennefer seemed to have slipped back into her confused state.
Nevertheless, Lucian walked up to her, smiled gently, and handed her a glass of water. “Mrs. Lann, calm down and have some water first. I'll make sure to question these people.” With that, he turned to look at Robert and politely said, “Let's pause for now. Tonight may not be an appropriate time.”
“Mr. Farwell, although no one can compare to your achievements in business, we are clearly more professional in handling Ms. Thompson's issue. We don't think your approach is beneficial for her.”
Robert was stubborn, and his tone was laced with fury. Lucian nodded, acknowledging that the other party was right. Still, he waved his hand, asking them to leave. In the end, Robert left with the psychologists, all of them looking upset and slightly beside themselves.
Lucian thought. This Professor Zucker's emotional control isn't up to par either. He claims he's a specialist, but he has somewhat neglected and behaved insensitively toward the patient's condition.
Jones swiftly went to his wife's side to comfort her.
In order to help Yennefer regain her composure, Roxanne strode over and initiated a conversation, mentioning the upcoming wedding and asking for Yennefer's help.
By creating a new topic of discussion, Yennefer's attention gradually shifted to those matters. 
###Chapter 1928
Chapter 1928
Chapter 1928 You Did Nothing Wrong
It was late at night when Elias and Sonya realized that the young couple had not returned. Hence, they decided to call in to check on them.
Lucian briefly explained the Lann family's situation and told his parents that they were likely going to stay the night. Much had happened to the Lann family, and Lucian advised against it when Elias said he wanted to come over.
There was nothing the latter could help with anyway, and it was better if he stayed home and took care of the three kids. Only then would Roxanne and Lucian be at ease.
Although it was approaching twelve o'clock at night, Yennefer was still avake. When Jones noticed that she looked tired, he advised her to head upstairs and rest first.
“Lucian and Roxanne, the two of you should get some rest too. I'll definitely help out with the wedding. | can't believe Sonya didn't tell me anything even though I'm quite well-versed in that matter!”
After saying that, Yennefer excused herself. Apart from a slight cognitive distortion from time to time, she had returned to her original self.
Jones' expression was sad as he remained in the living room.
After a long moment of silence, Jones finally forced a smile and comforted Roxanne and Lucian. “It's all right. If there's truly nothing we can do, we'll just have to treat her like a mentally ill patient and bring her to a professional psychiatric hospital for treatment.” He was already prepared for the worst possibility.
“Mr. Lann, if that's really the case, why don't you give this a shot?” Roxanne suggested as she suddenly thought of an idea. “Give what a shot?” Lucian stared at his wife in puzzlement. Roxanne explained the idea she had in mind.
James was a psychologist, after all. Therefore, he could participate in the treatment. However, he carried a burden in his heart and always assumed that his presence would trigger his mother's symptoms and worsen them.
Nonetheless, Yennefer's episode had been triggered by the shooting incident in Alendor this time, and there was nothing that could prove that her symptoms had been caused by James’ presence.
“| can understand that line of thought, but I'm not sure if James can...” Jones' eyes darkened slightly.
Lucian immediately said, “I'll convince him! Mr. Lann, I'm sure you know how James still has some unrest in his heart. He may have suppressed it for the time being, but it is something he has to overcome one way or another.”
“Mr. Lann, don't worry too much about it. I'm here for you too. | can prevent Yennefer from having a seizure with my medical skills if something goes amiss. Additionally, we should stop giving her sedatives. There will be long-term side effects if she keeps taking them. It will cause the body's endocrine secretion to go out of control and harm her mental state,” Roxanne reassured.
In the end, Jones nodded in agreement.
The couple got into the car and informed James of the situation.
“James, this is something you and Mrs. Lann must overcome,” Lucian emphasized.
James hesitated. He found it extremely difficult to make a decision until he saw Jones come over with a smile on his face. The other man patted James on the shoulder.
“James, | believe in you. We should give it a try! Even if it fails, we can shoulder it together as a family. Over the years, | understood your feelings, and that was the reason why | did not try to interfere. In the end, | am greatly indebted to you. You did nothing wrong back then.”
Jones' words stunned James, causing a faint light to ignite in the latter's eyes. Over the years, James had long wished for his mother to recover from her illness.
He constantly blamed himself for being unable to use a different method to deal with his aunt's nefarious plan. If only he had dealt with it in another way, his aunt would not have fallen into the well and died.
James' heart had been constantly tormented by that incident.
“Dad, you're right! We'll shoulder it as a family!” Finally, James made his decision. 
###Chapter 1929
Chapter 1929
Chapter 1929 An Important Secret
“Lucian, Roxanne, the two of you have been up all night. You should go upstairs and get some rest.” Upon returning to the mansion and after checking on his slumbering mother, James urged Roxanne and Lucian to get some rest.
The two of them realized that the Lann father and son still had unspoken words. Hence, they tactfully went away to allow them to communicate.
However, they were quite exhausted as well. That night, the two of them slept soundly. When they woke up the next day, it was already past nine o'clock in the morning.
When the two of them got up to wash up, they heard Yennefer shouting outside the house.
“Roxanne, Lucian, it's time to eat breakfast!” Yennefer appeared to be in great condition that day. She wore a smile as she glanced at Roxanne with a somewhat satisfied looking expression.
When the two of them headed downstairs, James came over and informed them that he had brought his mother up to speed when he saw her that morning.
Lucian grew a little nervous. “Everything? What was her reaction? Is she willing to go through with it?”
“No, no. Lucian, you're mistaken. | only explained to my mother the current timeline. | told her that she had been in a coma for a long time but omitted the part about you and Roxanne getting married. | think she wants to help plan the wedding. She nearly gave Mrs. Farwell a call this morning!”
So, that was what happened. Roxanne and Lucian exchanged glances. Good thing it was only a false alarm. If James really told Yennefer everything, the latter was likely unable to hold it together.
“Roxanne, it was thanks to your suggestion that | met with my mother. | was really worried that my presence would affect her greatly. | did not expect her to be this happy,” James said as he glanced at the garden. His parents were watering the plants together.
Yennefer was currently nagging Jones about the plants. She had tended to the flowers with great care, and yet weeds and various diseases had spoiled them.
“James, trust Mrs. Lann. She's only a little confused right now. You are always very important to her in her heart.” Roxanne took the opportunity to assuage James’ unease.
Lucian was well aware of his wife's temperament. The latter did not enjoy lecturing others. Thus, he followed up with some words of encouragement and added, “Honestly speaking, | think your presence calms Mrs. Lann down. | was thinking about the incident in Alendor where she had been frightened by the gunshot. Perhaps she had mistakenly thought that you were in danger.”
Stunned, James fell into deep contemplation. Eventually, a smile appeared on the corner of his lips. “I guess I'm not good at diagnosing myself. | tend to think of the worst scenarios. Thanks to Roxanne's and your guidance, | think I've finally understood the situation better.”
Roxanne and Lucian were pleased to see James smile. It was as if the latter had finally set down a rock in his heart. Now, the psychological guidance would officially begin.
This time, James did not try to escape.
Yennefer returned to the hall after she finished voicing her complaints to Jones.
“James, make sure you entertain Lucian and Roxanne properly! It's so rare for them to visit us. Go bring out your father's private coffee stash,” Yennefer said as she greeted the couple with a smile.
She felt regretful that she had been unable to attend their wedding because she had been unwell.
Roxanne waved her hand and said that she did not mind. She also promised to show Yennefer their wedding photos when they had time.
Yennefer grinned from ear to ear. “I really envy Sonya! It would be like a dream come true to have such a talented daughter-in-
law. “You're flattering me too much, Mrs. Lann,” Roxanne replied modestly.
James prepared the coffee and served Lucian and Roxanne. Just then, Jones came into the hall, and they began to chat about lighthearted topics. Naturally, the topic of the three children's antics came up.
Yennefer was greatly amused. She adored the children and wanted to meet with them as soon as possible.
When James felt that the moment was right, he suddenly turned to his mother and declared calmly, “Mom, there's something I've always wanted to tell you. It's my most important secret. May | tell you in private?” 
###Chapter 1930
Chapter 1930
Chapter 1930 | Am Sheba
“You're a grown man with secrets. | suppose I'm curious about you now!” Yennefer smiled as she nagged James, trailing behind him to the study on the second floor.
Roxanna and Lucian prepared themselves for the upcoming challenge while waiting outside the room. If Yennefer couldn't withstand the truth and her disease worsened, Roxanne would need to help out immediately.
Meanwhile, James had walked into the study. He smiled, initiating a casual conversation with Yennefer. The man couldn't find it in him to turn the topic toward his concern.
“Mom, do you remember that | skipped to third grade when | was seven years old, and you were worried that my academic performance was going to suffer because of that?”
“Of course. | remember it clearly. Your homeroom teacher thought you walked into the wrong classroom!”
“Mom, do you recall that when I was in sixth grade, there was an older girl who liked to visit our house? You were worried that she would be a bad influence on me.”
“Yes. She moved to some other places after that. If I'm not wrong, she even went overseas. | ran into her parents after that. They told me she got married abroad.”
James continued asking a series of questions while Yennefer replied honestly.
These were all fragments of James' memories before he turned thirteen years old, and Yennefer remembered every detail correctly.
“Wait, James. Why are you asking me these questions? | thought you were going to reveal your secret. Did you do something bad when you were a kid?” Yennefer grinned, her expression loving and caring without showing any signs of impatience.
Xendale was an impoverished place all those years ago, and the Lann family wished for Yennefer to give birth again. Yet, she refused adamantly for James' sake. Yennefer poured all her love into James unreservedly.
James observed Yennefer's reaction before determination flashed across his eyes. He said casually, “Mom, do you remember Aunt Sheba?”
Yennefer's smile froze instantly, slowly vanishing into the air. Within two seconds, her gaze shifted. The calm, peaceful she originally had changed into a malicious glint. James was shocked. He shouted, “Mom! Mom! Can you hear me? Mom!”
In response, Yennefer furrowed her brows, wrapping her arms around her head, anguish written all over her face. “My head... hurts. James... it hurts!”
Turmoil was evident in her eyes. One moment, Yennefer looked confused. The next moment, she looked fierce.
James was all too familiar with the scene before him. It was always the same old scene over and over again whenever Yennefer's illness acted up. Yennefer's personality would shift when everything was over, and she would become a different person.
Mom is going to turn into an image of Aunt Sheba that she created.
“Oh no! | need to call for Lucian and Roxanne's help!” James grew wary of the situation. He raised his voice, standing up, wanting to seek help.
Clatter!
Yennefer swept the vase off the study table viciously. It smashed to the ground, shattering into pieces with a loud noise. As if engaged in an internal battle, Yennefer complained of a headache repeatedly, clenching her jaws.
“Sheba, Sheba. Who's Sheba? You're my nephew, James. I'm Aunt Sheba! How could you harm me? Hah. Ta-da. I'm not dead yet. You can't kill me!”
At last, Yennefer's illness acted up again. Her consciousness changed into those of her twin sister, Sheba. A malicious and frosty glint flashed across her eyes as she glared at James with a sinister smile. Meanwhile, Lucian and Roxanne exchanged shocked glances after hearing the commotion.
Jones panicked, wanting to charge in. He worried that Yennefer would hurt herself in the process. 
###Chapter 1931
Chapter 1931
Chapter 1931 Why Did You Harm Me
“Let me, Mr. Lann,” Roxanne offered. Lucian reacted quickly, holding Jones back.
She turned the doorknob with a silver needle in her hand.
James spoke then. “Lucian, Roxanne, please don't come in first. I'll have to face this myself. I'm going to try to get her back!” Roxanne halted in her steps. She turned to look at Lucian.
Jones felt anxious upon hearing that. “No. We can't leave him in there alone. James! Stop what you're doing! Don't torture your mom anymore.”
“Calm down, Mr. Lann.” Lucian instructed coldly.
Jones regained his senses. He was still gripped with anxiousness, though. “Lucian, what should we do? We can't let her act like Sheba for a long time. That's what Roxanne said, isn't it?”
“Yes. | know. But James is with her now. He won't ever hurt his mom! I'm sure he feels the same way as you. Do you understand what I'm saying, Mr. Lann?”
Mrs. Lann won't ever break out of this vicious cycle if we let her continue acting this way. Yes, she did feel better after they went to look for an ancient sorcerer in Alendor last time, and he used a ritual to heal her. But now, the sorcerer had passed away. Where else would they find someone like him?
Lucian pondered about the consequences before finally making the decision to support James. Roxanne immediately understood what Lucian meant after he spoke.
She comforted Jones, “Mr. Lann, | know what's going through James’ mind. Let him try to win over the identity that shouldn't exist if there are two personalities in Mrs. Lann. Maybe it would work out that way! Don't worry. I'll come to his aid if anything goes wrong.”
Even though she wasn't sure that James’ technique was going to work, Roxanne knew she had to promise Jones the best outcome first to steady his emotions.
It worked. Jones was finally convinced. “James, you make the call! If you notice something is amiss, let us know!” Lucian shouted through the study's door. James nodded inside the room as he lifted his eyes to look at Yennefer.
No, wait. The person before me isn't my mom. It's Aunt Sheba. She can't accept that her sister is gone. That's why my mom created the personality of Aunt Sheba in her mind.
“Please sit down, Aunt Sheba. We need to talk.” James wasn't able to pin down the reason why he had calmed down completely. Previously, James would break down when he saw the viciousness on Yennefer's face and heard the hurting remarks she hurled at him. But now, things were different.
He finally admitted that the personality before him was Sheba and needed to talk to her.
“What is there to talk about, James? You were the one who killed me. You cruel man, | fell into the well because of you. James, I'm your mom's identical twin sister! How could you do this to me?” Yennefer screamed angrily.
Her accusations sounded beside James continuously. However, James was no longer afraid of ‘Sheba.’ Instead, he looked at her calmly.
“Aunt Sheba, that was an accident. Nothing more. It wasn't my intention to make you fall into the well. Come on. Please have a seat,” James stated calmly.
"Sheba’ continue staring at him with a sinister, raging glare while gritting her teeth. “Why? Why did you kill me? | cared for you sincerely! | bought you everything you wanted when you were young. | loved you so much!”
Asadness appeared in James' eyes. “Yes, Aunt Sheba. You're right. But Aunt Sheba, you were the one who changed first. You began to feel jealous of my mom from an unknown moment. You wanted to replace her, right?”
James took over the situation, demanding an explanation from ‘Sheba.’ 
###Chapter 1932
Chapter 1932
Chapter 1932 Please Do Not Cry
Her expression changed drastically. She shook her head violently, trying to deny James’ allegations. “No. | did not. | didn't change. You killed me. | won't ever let this matter slide. Stop with your nonsense, James Lann!”
“It's the truth.” James snorted coldly. His voice was so loud that even Lucian and Roxanne heard him through the door.
Jones twisted his hands together, pacing back and forth. Worry kept niggling his mind, for he was afraid of anything unexpected incidents.
“Don't forget this, Aunt Sheba. You tried to poison your sister. You wanted to hurt and cripple her so you could be with my dad forever, right?”
James made up his mind. | need to use poison to fight poison. | have no choice, even if ‘Aunt Sheba’ would resort to crazier actions.
“No. | didn't do that. It wasn't me, James!”
“Don't try to deny it anymore, Aunt Sheba. It was you. You even tried to stop me from telling the others. Aunt Sheba, why? Why is it wrong for me to inform my mom about what happened?”
Along-time professional in psychology, James had never thought he would come face-to-face with consciousness one day, trying to reason with it. Consciousness was different from subconsciousness.
The subconscious mind will follow the patient's will, but the conscious mind does not. “The one who ended up killing me is you!”
“Yes. You're right, and | blame myself for it. | had no choice, though. | had to protect my mom. Aunt Sheba, you were in the wrong from the start, not me. I'd never thought of hurting you!”
It seemed like James’ words were beginning to affect 'Sheba.' Albeit the rage and hatred still existed on her face, she no longer acted like a wild beast.
“Oh, my nephew! Why are you still alive? You should be feeling guilty, and your life should end. Don't tell me your mom forgives your actions. How could she do that? I'm her sister!”
Agony etched deeper into James’ expression as realization finally dawned on him. He finally understood why Yennefer was mentally confused and why she chose to create a new personality.
My mom never forgives me for Aunt Sheba's death. That's why she is using this personality to unleash her fury.
“Aunt Sheba, there is not a single day that she feels happy after you leave. It hurts her so much after you died.” James choked on his words when he considered Yennefer's conditions from all these years. “Aunt Sheba, you are my mom's sister. It's wrong that you tried to hurt her! Why are you still torturing her now when you were the one who committed the mistake? You should disappear and leave. We refused to be tortured by you anymore!”
He continued, “Mom did enough for you. She treated you better than anyone else in the world. Her biggest mistake was introducing you to my dad, causing you to fall in love with him! You are the one in the wrong! Why do you think it's okay for you to continue pestering us?”
James threw a series of questions at ‘Sheba.’ At this moment, he treated the sick Yennefer like the real Sheba. Complicated emotions filled his eyes when he raised them to meet Yennefer's.
‘Sheba’ was bereft of words, her hands trembling as reluctance slowly appeared on her face. “Is that so? Is that the truth? Am | the only one who made a mistake?” She tried to defend herself.
However, the next minute, ‘Sheba’ froze. A gentleness filled her gaze. “James! | can hear your voice. James, are you all right? Please don't cry, James!” 
###Chapter 1933
Chapter 1933
Chapter 1933 Proud Of James
Yennefer's eyes were soft, her expression loving. She reached out to caress James’ face. Yennefer's consciousness was finally back.
“Mom! Mom, are you okay?” James was delighted, assessing Yennefer's current demeanor. The malicious aura had vanished completely.
Yennefer nodded, smiling. “James, I've heard all about your secret.” “Mom, you knew what happened earlier?” James asked, startled by Yennefer's remark. Did she hear my conversation with ‘Aunt Sheba?’
Yennefer nodded. “Yes, I've not only heard your conversation with Sheba, but | also saw it happen. It wasn't anything like this in the past. Previously, I've always felt like I'm locked up in a dark cage, unable to see or hear anything, and there is no way | can escape, no matter how much | wish for it. But this time around, | heard your voice! | panicked, trying to scratch my way out. Like a mist, the cage poofed and was gone. Even though | could see you, | still couldn't move! | think it was because your Aunt Sheba knew she was wrong. That was why she released me!”
Jones pushed open the door and walked in after hearing Yennefer's familiar voice, with Roxanne and Lucian following behind him.
Yennefer smiled at them before recounting the details during the period when her sickness acted up. Without the aid of medicine or any treatment, Yennefer's consciousness had returned voluntarily this time. Yennefer said calmly, “Jones, James, | can feel Sheba disappearing from my mind. | think | will be fine now.”
She continued, “I've lost my mind previously. Maybe it was because we have strong telepathy as twin sisters, so | subconsciously thought of myself as Sheba. | kept thinking that she died a wrongful death. So many years have passed. It's time | stop thinking that way now. I'm sorry for James, though. He tried his best to heal me all these years. You are the best, my son!” Yennefer consoled them when she noticed the others still looked worried.
She focused her gaze on James, and a happy smile spread across her face. | can never ask for a better son than James!
“Anyway, you guys can rest well tonight. Nothing will make me lose my mind anymore. Sheba made her mistake. It was just a coincidence that she died tragically. Also, never did | pay tribute to her once these years. Let's head to Xendale together tomorrow so that | can pay my respect to her in our hometown!”
Roxanne and Lucian could leave in peace, knowing that Yennefer had finally unraveled the weight that pressed down against her shoulder and got rid of the wrong mindset in her mind.
Jones thanked them profusely when the group returned to the hall.
Lucian directed his words at Jones and Yennefer. “Since Mrs. Lann is all right now, we shall head home. If anything arises again, don't hesitate to call us!”
Excitement filled James' face as he walked the couple to the front yard. “Thank you so much, Lucian. Thank you so much, Roxanne! If it weren't for you two, | would still be running around in circles...”
Roxanne shook her head, smiling lightly. “Please don't talk about yourself that way, James. You showed us your filial piety as a son too. Mrs. Lann wouldn't be able to overcome her inner demons if you didn't put in the effort!”
Lucian merely patted James' shoulder, saying, “Don't forget this. You will have to be serious in your job as a CEO after this.” “No problem. That's my responsibility!” James grinned.
Elias and Sonya pestered Lucian and Roxanne for an update after they arrived at the manor after a trip to the Lann family's mansion.
The couple recounted the story from yesterday night to Elias and Sonya.
They couldn't help but sigh inwardly. Oh. Mental illness is scary! We didn't expect Yennefer's other consciousness to torture her for so many years. Luckily, everything is over now.
Sonya and Elias wanted to visit Yennefer after hearing the story. However, Lucian stopped them, mentioning that the Lann family wanted to head to Xendale. And so, the older couple had no choice but to comply. 
###Chapter 1934
Chapter 1934
Chapter 1934 Comparison Lucian and Roxanne went to the art academy to fetch the kids.
When they arrived, there were all sorts of luxurious cars parked at the entrance of the academy. Since the annual tuition fee would cost up to a million, only the rich could afford to send their kids there.
Having said that, the art academy had some gifted students who were on scholarships.
Initially, Lucian had to pay for the kids’ tuition fees, but when the academy found out who the kids were and their academic results, they offered the kids to study for free.
Obviously, the academy was keen to get associated with the Farwell family, and they were hoping to use the Farwell family's reputation to promote the academy.
Generally, parents would think the academy was an excellent institution if they were to see the kids from the Farwell family studying there.
True enough, the academy saw an exponential increase in student enrollment after they used the kids to promote the institution both publicly and discreetly.
The academy didn't group the students according to their ages, though. Instead, they were grouped according to the art subjects they majored in.
For example, there were music classes, dance classes, cinematography classes, and so on. Archie, Benny, and Estella were in the Class of Excellence, and their class only had over thirty students.
The students were of different ages, and they were all geniuses and wunderkinds. Each of them majored in at least a couple of subjects, and some of them majored in as many as five.
Estella majored in design, traditional clothing, history, programming, and a foreign language.
Archie and Benny majored in even more subjects. Archie not only majored in history, literature, logical thinking, law, and programming, but he minored in science fiction and investigative memory.
In fact, he had repeatedly made use of his incredible memory to help the police crack unsolvable cases.
Benny majored in five subjects as well, namely history, programming, archaeology, cyber security, and business logic. At the same time, he minored in climatology and nuclear power.
Among the students in the Class of Excellence, no one was studying as many subjects as Archie and Benny were. When the kids were walking out of the academy, countless parents and students were talking about them.
“Those three kids are from the Farwell family. The boys look so handsome, and the girl is so sweet! | envy them so much! It's such a blessing to be born in the Farwell family.”
"| can't agree with you. They have an incredible family background, but I'm so jealous of their talents. Not only are they in the Class of Excellence, but they're the best students in the class. The subjects they major in aren't even popular subjects among kids their age. The way our minds work is no longer comparable to theirs!"
“Exactly! They're so young, but they have already achieved so much in life! That little girl, for example, is the founder of Snuggly. | heard that Mr. Farwell isn't even managing the business. Instead, he gave her a team of people to work with. That brand is now worth billions!”
“Life is so unfair! | would give up ten years of my life if my kid could be as smart as them!” The kids heard about what was said about them, but they were used to it.
Nevertheless, they still picked up their pace because they were eager to see their parents. Nobody can ever beat Daddy and Mommy when it comes to excellence. Daddy is the leader of the business world, and Farwell Group is currently the biggest company in the country. Furthermore, it's only going to get stronger in time. Mommy, on the other hand, is an amazing doctor. Not only does she have incredible medical skills, but she also developed lots of new medicines to help patients.
The kids rushed toward Lucian and Roxanne the moment they saw their parents. Lucian and Roxanne then looked at each other with affection in their eyes before squatting down to carry the kids into their arms. Archie and Benny threw themselves into Lucian's arms, so Lucian was carrying one boy in each arm.
Meanwhile, Estella jumped into Roxanne's embrace. As Roxanne was lifting Estella up, Estella gave her mother a peck on the cheek. 
###Chapter 1935
Chapter 1935
Chapter 1935 Reserved
Upon getting into the car, the kids started sharing the things they learned at the academy with their parents.
Estella made friends with a very amiable young girl who had just joined the class and had a passion for design. Although the young girl was two years older than Estella, she was a huge fan of Estella's Snuggly.
“The girl's name is Yvonne Jenkins. Apart from design, she's also good at biology, so she told me a lot about biology. She's polite and humble, unlike the other girls at the academy. Could | invite her over to our house in the future?” Estella's eyes were filled with anticipation when she glanced at her parents.
Roxanne immediately nodded and smiled. “Of course! Since she's a good friend, you ought to offer her your best hospitality. Perhaps you could learn to make a dish or a dessert to welcome her.”
“Sure! Teach me, Mommy! I'll try my best to learn!” Estella agreed gleefully.
Meanwhile, Archie and Benny were talking to Lucian about the lessons they learned in history class. When they were discussing historical events and figures, Lucian took the opportunity to help the kids improve their understanding of the topics in question.
Needless to say, the blissful atmosphere in the car filled Roxanne's heart with warmth. As soon as they arrived at the manor, the kids' grandparents quickly went to see them.
Elias was excited to play a game of chess with Archie and Benny, while Sonya was eager to help Estella tailor a dress. Estella had promised Sonya she would tailor a unique dress for Sonya, and Sonya was stoked.
Over at the hospital, Jonathan had made it a habit to fetch Madilyn off work every day.
He had brought Madilyn and Lorraine to all the tourist spots around Horington, and they were planning further road trips. Unfortunately, Madilyn had to return to her post.
Madilyn's recent looks had changed a lot, and she seemed to have become a younger and more lively version of her former self.
Upon packing her belongings, she left her office and bumped into two female doctors coming from the opposite direction. Naturally, she greeted them.
“Dr. Xander, | saw Mr. Queen waiting for you downstairs. | envy you so much!”
“You're so lucky, Dr. Xander. You first treated Mr. Queen's gastric, and he eventually became your boyfriend! When will | ever experience such good luck?”
Madilyn's heart raced, and she was blushing when she heard what the doctors said.
She then quickly waved dismissively and said, “You guys have gotten it wrong! Mr. Queen and | are just friends.”
Despite saying those words, Madilyn was overjoyed within.
“Just admit it, Dr. Xander! Maybe Mr. Queen isn't an expressive man, so you should take the initiative to confess your feelings! We're all adults here, so there's nothing to be ashamed of!”
“That's right! Everyone can see how much Mr. Queen cares about you. Didn't he send you a box of peaches a few days ago? It's not the peach season now, so he must've gone through hoops to get those peaches.”
Madilyn was overjoyed when she heard her colleagues teasing her. She then smiled and silently admitted to the wonderful relationship she had had with Jonathan.
To avoid letting Jonathan wait for too long, Madilyn bade the doctors farewell and hurried into the elevator.
A thought flashed across Madilyn’s mind when the elevator was descending. They're right. Jonathan isn't an expressive man. Since that's the case, should | be more initiative? However, as a woman, shouldn't | be more reserved? No. If | were to make the first move, | would be at a disadvantage in the relationship.
Her thoughts were running wild when the elevator door opened. Nevertheless, that didn’t stop her from dashing toward the parking lot to see Jonathan's smile 
###Chapter 1936
Chapter 1936
Chapter 1936 Return
Once James occupied the position, his first decision was to launch a promotional activity for Flora Verba Group's fourth-season product by collaborating with Snuggly.
Five hundred thousand units were sold after the launch. To thank its customers, the company gifted anyone who bought its product a Snuggly children's apparel.
Concurrently, Snuggly launched a similar promotional campaign. Those who spent enough money with the company could choose any Flora Verba Group product as a gift.
That cross-promotion caused both companies’ market values to skyrocket. Then, James initiated his second plan. He starred in an advertisement as the ambassador of the company.
As a result, the expected sales far exceeded five hundred thousand units. Flora Verba Group had to announce that they would increase production.
The other brands were terrified by how quickly the company rose to prominence.
In the next few days, many accounts on social media deliberately attacked Flora Verba Group and posted videos discrediting its products. Some even started rallying others to boycott Flora Verba Group.
James reacted to that development swiftly. The Public Relations Department immediately cleared up any misunderstandings and worked with the police to investigate those accounts.
They eventually discovered that those accounts’ IP addresses originated from overseas and that it was impossible to determine who was the person behind the scene.
Still, they solved the crisis so wonderfully that it attracted a new wave of fans to the company.
In fact, plenty of men even asked Flora Verba Group to develop products suitable for them.
Meanwhile, Roxanne praised James' marketing strategies inside the living room of the Farwell residence.
Lucian, on the other hand, merely nodded approvingly. “These are common business tactics. You're just overreacting.”
Initially, she didn't like what he said. However, she quickly recalled Lucian had been one of the wealthiest men for years. Thus, his words carried weight.
She pouted. “Fine. | doubt James will have the nerve to show off in front of you. Still, I'm delighted with his work so far. Flora Verba Group is now valued at seventy billion! | don't even know how much money that is!” | must admit, Lucian and his pals are all terrifying money-making machines.
“You know, if you set a higher price for your medicine, your hospital and pharmaceutical company will be valued at least ten times higher than Flora Verba Group!” Actually, Lucian didn't dare to overestimate himself before Roxanne. In terms of commercialization, the hidden values of my wife's research institute and pharmaceutical company are far more terrifying than anything. After all, any business related to sustaining human life will unquestionably be capable of making as much money as they desire.
“Really? As you know, | didn't make the medicine to earn more money,” replied Roxanne. Lucian nodded. She's so excellent.
They chatted until Cayden arrived to report to Lucian about work. When that happened, Roxanne left the living room and entered the study to delve into new medicinal research.
“I've been tracking Christina's whereabouts, Mr. Farwell. | think I've finally found her. She's currently in Hawen. However, she may accompany Mr. Goldstein to an event in Chanaea in a week!” Cayden lowered his voice as he observed Lucian's reaction carefully.
Immediately, Lucian frowned.
“How dare she openly returns here! It seems like she did find someone to back her up. | certainly didn't expect this Mr. Goldstein to be so accepting of her,” he muttered to himself. How should | deliver Christina the ending she deserves as swiftly as possible? If | don't, she'll continue to pose a threat to my family. 
###Chapter 1937
Chapter 1937
Chapter 1937 Reading Into Things
In the dark of night, Jonathan's car stopped outside Madilyn's mansion. Rapidly, he left the car and opened the door for her.
However, Madilyn disliked that. “You don't need to treat me so politely, Jonathan. | have hands, you know? | can open the door myself.”
Even though he was acting gentlemanly, it made her feel as though the distance between them had been expanded.
Jonathan smiled. “It's a habit. Ever since | was a child, my parents reminded me to mind my manners and etiquette. Since you don't like it, | won't do it again.”
“Okay!” A faint grin settled on Madilyn's countenance. “Tonight's movie was incredible! Thanks for the recommendation. Otherwise, | wouldn't have known | love science fiction films!”
Honestly, she would've said she enjoyed the movie, even if it was terrible. Anything she did with him would always be romantic.
Jonathan beamed as though he had just received an award. ‘I'll invite you to the cinemas again if there's a new one coming out next time. Oh yeah, how has your mother been?”
Nodding, she wondered if she should invite him into her home. Mom should be asleep by now. If | let him in, it'll just be the two of us in the living room. Would that make my intentions too obvious?
Just as she was about to speak after gathering her courage and recalling her best friend's encouragement, Jonathan's phone Tang.
He glanced at the device before turning to Madilyn. “I'm sorry. | need to take this call.” After nearly two months, he had almost forgotten about Coralie.
Coralie still spoke coyly and cheerfully. “It's been a while, Jonathan. Did you miss me?” Stunned, he wasn't sure how to answer.
“I'm just messing with you, hehe. I'll arrive at Horington by plane tomorrow. You should be able to pick me up, right? I'm here alone this time, so I'll need to rent a place. I'll be counting on you to help me out.” Her tone seemed to suggest she was simply telling him her plan instead of seeking his approval.
In response, Jonathan nodded. “Okay. I'll pick you up at the airport tomorrow. We'll talk about the rest later.”
“All right! | really want to see you again soon!”
Coralie's cheery and straightforward attitude made every word she uttered seem natural.
While her demeanor could be interpreted as being casual with a friend, it could also be viewed as her method of courting him. Since Jonathan rarely interacted with women, he simply thought Coralie was a forthright woman.
After hanging up the phone, Jonathan arrived in front of Madilyn.
Madilyn could make out a woman's voice from the call, which she was confident belonged to Coralie.
Suddenly, she felt gloomy, especially when she heard Jonathan promising he would pick Coralie up at the airport. The words dancing on the tip of her tongue vanished instantly.
Suppressing her emotions, she said, “It's getting late, so I'll head back to rest now.”
Jonathan was slightly startled for two seconds because he noticed her tone had changed.
However, he thought his ears might've just been playing tricks on him.
Hence, he replied, “Okay, rest well. We'll have a meal and watch a movie together again next time.” | always feel relaxed when spending time with her. Honestly, | like this feeling.
Once Madilyn stepped into the mansion, Jonathan returned to his car, fired up the engine, and drove away.
As she watched the car leave, she muttered, “Maybe I'm reading too much into things? Is he interacting with me more intimately because Coralie isn't in Horington recently?” 
###Chapter 1938
Chapter 1938
Chapter 1938 Accident
The next day, Madilyn felt somewhat uneasy as she sat in her office. Inexplicably, she checked the flights arriving in Horington and saw one at two o'clock in the afternoon. When doctors visited her to discuss the hospital bed issue, they noticed she seemed distracted.
Like a robot, she replied, “We'll add one more building to the inpatient department. So, everyone, please hold your horses. Assign the beds to the patients according to the severity of their illnesses. If things still don't work, you may add beds into the corridor. However, you must ask for permission from the patient's family first.”
In the end, her mind became so chaotic and unfocused that she had to call Roxanne for help. “What does it mean to like someone, Roxanne? How should it feel? Jonathan's picking up Coralie at the airport today, and | feel awful. | don't understand why | feel aggrieved.”
Roxanne sighed in her mind when Madilyn's rant bombarded her ears the moment she picked up the phone.
It seems like Madilyn has genuinely caught feelings for him. Hmm, | must say | also feel strangely angry to know that Jonathan's picking Coralie up. As she pondered over the matter, she comforted, “Based on my understanding of Jonathan, | bet he simply thought he was just helping out a friend. You don't need to be too worried about that. However, you should tell him how you feel.”
“How? Do | just tell him | don't like him picking up another woman? | can't say that!” Madilyn knitted her eyebrows.
“Yeah, just like that. See how he reacts. You still haven't told him how you feel about him, right? He's quite dense, you know. How about | ask Lucian to prod him about it?” suggested Roxanne.
Immediately, Madilyn rejected, “Forget about it. Maybe he just doesn't see me that way and only treats me as a friend.” Roxanne wasn't sure if she should laugh or cry. Her feelings keep switching back and forth. How am | going to help her? In the end, she just comforted her best friend and asked the latter not to overthink things.
After hanging up the call, Madilyn calmed down. | should focus on my work. After all, Roxanne has high hopes for me. | need to learn from her, considering she can take care of her family while advancing her career.
After attending two meetings, she returned to her office. Once she tidied up her files, she could get off work. Then, she would accompany her mother to try some Chanaean dishes in the evening, just as she promised.
Unexpectedly, Jonathan called her.
Did he immediately leave Coralie after picking her up? Gleefully, she answered the call.
Before she could utter a word, Jonathan spoke in an urgent tone. “There's an accident, Madilyn. | was hit from behind by a truck. I'm near your hospital and have called the ambulance, so | should arrive soon.”
Madilyn was so shocked by the news that the hair on her body stood straight. “Are you okay? I'll prep for emergency treatment right away!”
“I'm fine. No need to worry about me. It's just that Coralie has fainted. She hit her head, and she's bleeding. I'm pressing on her wound right now to stop the bleeding. | shouted her name, but she wasn't responding. Is she in danger, Madilyn?”
Tossing all unnecessary thoughts to the back of her head, she focused on the patient's condition and answered, “First, check her pupil. See if it reacts to light. Also, inspect her breathing. If she's still breathing, and her pupil doesn't dilate, it likely means she has a concussion and has only temporarily fallen into a coma. You don't need to worry about her too much if that's the case. Anyway, just check her breathing first. If she's not, perform CPR on her. I'll call the emergency room right now. Talk to you later!”
Upon hanging up the phone, she called the emergency room to prepare for a patient's treatment. 
###Chapter 1939
Chapter 1939
Chapter 1939 Does Not Feel Good
When the pale Coralie arrived at the hospital, she still hadn't awoken yet. Hurriedly, Jonathan carried her out of the ambulance, laid her on a stretcher, and pushed her into the emergency room. Anxiousness was written all over his face. His white shirt was covered in blood.
He followed behind the emergency doctor and speedily explained what had happened during the accident. “I think she was hit at least twice, doctor. She hit her head on the dashboard and then her shoulder from the side. While she had seatbelts on, | don't know if her spine was affected.”
Nodding, the doctor assured, “We know about the situation, Mr. Queen. You sent her here in the nick of time. We'll initiate the emergency operation right away. No need to worry about her. Also, | see you're wounded as well. Remember to patch your injuries up with another doctor!”
Then, he closed the door to the emergency room. Jonathan was at a loss about what to do. Then, he turned around as though he sensed something, and saw Madilyn.
Her heart wrenched as she rapidly examined his condition and instructed, “Jonathan, | want you to pay attention to your body. Are you feeling severe pain anywhere?”
During a crisis, the human body would secrete adrenaline. Sometimes, it might completely suppress the pain one was experiencing, making him think he wasn't hurt.
By the time they realized they were injured, they might've missed the golden period for treatment. Upon hearing that, Jonathan obediently moved his limbs around and touched his body.
Then, he shook his head. “I'm fine, Madilyn. | had my seatbelt on and was aware of the impending crash. So, during the moment of the impact, | was already protecting my head and body. However, Coralie... | couldn't warn her in time. It's all my fault!”
Madilyn immediately detected the guilt in Jonathan's voice and comforted, “You couldn't have reacted in time to the accident. Don't beat yourself over it.”
As he nodded, he gazed at the emergency room anxiously. Evidently, he cared about Coralie.
Astrange emotion bubbled in Madilyn's heart when she saw that, though she swiftly stifled it. “You may feel fine, but | still suggest you perform a CT scan, Jonathan. Just do it now.”
Worried he wouldn't obey her, she added, ‘I'll help you pay attention to Coralie's condition. Once | have news about her, I'll let you know immediately. All right?”
“Okay! Thank you!” Jonathan agreed.
Hastily, Madilyn asked a nurse to bring him to the checkup room while she waited outside of the emergency room.
Around twenty minutes later, the emergency doctor exited the room and informed, “The patient has woken up, Director. | think she only suffered a concussion, so she'll likely be fine. We're still scanning her brain for blood clots to see if we need to extract any.”
Madilyn nodded. “Thanks for everything. Give your full attention to every surgery!”
Without delay, the doctor returned to his post.
Soon, Jonathan came back to the emergency room. His examination had been completed, but the report hadn't come out yet. Madilyn proceeded to disclose Coralie's condition to him. His anxious expression relaxed when he learned that Coralie was fine.
“I'm to blame for this accident. When | saw a traffic jam on the road leading out of the airport, | decided to take a shortcut. | didn't expect so many trucks there. Not only that, many of them didn't follow the rules. It's my fault Coralie got hurt!” Jonathan muttered as though he was talking to himself while also lamenting about the incident to Madilyn.
Madilyn didn't feel great listening to that. Why is he berating himself? It was an accident! No one will ever wish for one to happen. 
###Chapter 1940
Chapter 1940
Chapter 1940 Love Rival Another half hour passed before Coralie was pushed out of the emergency room. Her pale complexion looked normal now, and the wound on her forehead had been sewn.
When she saw Jonathan, and how he seemed to be freaking out and blaming himself, she grinned. “Interesting. This is my first time encountering a car accident. The experience you brought me is truly exceptional, Jonathan!”
Coralie saw Madilyn standing at the side when she swept her gaze past the latter. Her eyes are pretty.
Still feeling guilty, Jonathan apologized, "I'm sorry for allowing you to get into an accident, Ms. Crawford.” Though he was relieved to see Coralie well and dandy.
"It's fine, Jonathan! However, if you feel remorse over this, feel free to spend the next couple of days taking care of me!” Coralie's signature casual smile returned to her countenance. She patted Jonathan's shoulder and was then pushed into an ordinary ward.
In response, Jonathan nodded.
Seconds later, the emergency doctor explained Coralie's situation to him. “The blood clots in her brain caused by the concussion will slowly dissolve over time. Her shoulder bone was slightly cracked, so she'll need time to recover. Lastly, there aren't any significant issues with her vital organs, thanks to the seatbelt. “
“Jonathan, if you want Ms. Crawford to be transferred to a better ward, | can help you make the arrangement,” proposed Madilyn.
That idea popped into her mind just as she wondered how to cheer Jonathan up.
"Okay. Thank you so much, Madilyn. | bet there'll be plenty of things I'll need your help with later on.” Jonathan had basically admitted that he would be caring for Coralie in the hospital over the next few days.
Stifling her displeasure, Madilyn forced a smile and gave an excuse to return to her office.
After she closed the door, her smile was replaced with a gloomy expression. For some reason, I'm feeling really awful right now. Is it because I'm jealous or maybe disappointed? | don't get it, but it doesn't feel great.
After recalling her promise to her mother, she hastily changed out of her hospital outfit and left the office.
She even intentionally avoided the inpatient department so she wouldn't bump into Jonathan who was taking great care of Coralie.
At eight at night, Madilyn dined with her mother in a restaurant. Lorraine could tell her daughter was distracted.
“The food here is quite delicious, Maddy. I've finished mine. What about you?” The older woman had a hunch that her daughter was thinkingabout Jonathan.
Sadly, Madilyn's a stubborn woman.
“I'm done, too. Are you satisfied with the food? If you are, we'll come here more often.” After snapping out of her thoughts, she raised her eyes, saw her mother's calm look, and shifted her sight away guiltily. It feels like she can see through me.
“How are you getting along with Jonathan lately? Any new developments? I'm still waiting for the good news, you know. His personality suits you well!” In Lorraine's heart, Jonathan was an excellent son-in-law.
In response, Madilyn panicked and shook her head. “Be mindful of your words, Mom! Jonathan and | are just very good friends. However, I'm not the only friend he has. You shouldn't just push me to him like an item!”
The instant Lorraine heard that she knew what had happened. “Ah, so you've encountered a love rival, eh?” 
###Chapter 1941
Chapter 1941
Chapter 1941 Timid
The next day, Madilyn awoke early as usual and got ready to go to work.
Lorraine had finished preparing breakfast and asked her daughter to have it.
On any other day, Madilyn would've cleaned her plate like a tornado and rushed to the hospital like a gust. However, she was eating slower than she typically would, which worried Lorraine.
Still, Lorraine understood that no amount of lectures could help her daughter and that she should face relationship issues head- on.
Reluctantly, Madilyn went to the hospital. She was afraid she would witness an upsetting scene, but she still went in anyway. After all, she was the director, and she had to make the call about many important decisions waiting for her every day. Upon her arrival at the hospital, she passed by the conference room and heard the conversation of a few doctors inside.
“What's the relationship between Mr. Queen and patient number 37? Why do they seem so intimate with each other? | thought Mr. Queen and our director are...”
“Our colleague in the emergency room said number 37 was in an accident with Mr. Queen, which is why he has been tending to her.
Don't spout blind speculations. Maybe they're just friends. “Does the director know about this? If | were in her shoes, | definitely won't want to see that.”
“Stop gossiping! The director will arrive soon. Let's just focus on our task. Dr. Anderson, it's your turn to conduct room inspection today!”
Madilyn was stunned for a few seconds before she scampered to her office because she didn't want anyone to see the bitterness on her face.
According to the schedule, she must inspect each ward with the doctor on duty. However, she suddenly didn't feel like she wanted to do that.
Unexpectedly, Jonathan arrived at her office and knocked on her door. “It's me, Madilyn. Is it convenient for you to talk right now?”
Madilyn was reading a patient's medical record when she heard his familiar voice and panicked. After contemplating her next move for two seconds, she exclaimed, “Come in!”
Jonathan then stepped into the room with a smile. “Thank you, Madilyn! If not for your help, Coralie's life might've been in danger!” / was the one to biome for the accident because it occurred when Coralie was in my car. If anything had happened to her, I've no idea how I'm going to face her family members.
“No need to thank me. This is what doctors should do.” When Madilyn saw his joyous demeanor, it dampened her mood.
Coraline must be someone very important to him.
“Anyway, I'm here because I'd like to ask you to examine Ms. Crawford. She seemed to have a clear mind this morning, and her appetite was normal, but she mentioned her head would ache occasionally. So, | wonder if she's suffering an after-effect from the concussion,” informed Jonathan calmly.
Hearing that, Madilyn was a little stunned. Oh gosh, can | not go?
She would have agreed to see the patient if it were someone else. However, Jonathan seemed really close to Coralie, so Madilyn was reluctant to go and check on her. Is he stupid or what?
In the end, Madilyn tactfully rejected it, “The doctor on duty will check up on her. You don't need to worry too much because concussions take some time to heal. Her prescriptions should include analgesic pills. She'll be fine in two or three days.”
“So, this is considered normal, right?” asked Jonathan.
Madilyn looked calm as she nodded.
“I'm glad to hearthat! Again, thank you so much for your help.” Jonathan never once noticed how odd Madilyn's expression was. Then, he left her office to return to the inpatient department.
Madilyn stood up, shut the door, and sighed. “Why am | so timid? This doesn’t make sense! Jonathan never told me who Coralie is to him, so why should | avoid her?” 
###Chapter 1942
Chapter 1942
Chapter 1942 Reprimand
"| don't know what to do, Roxanne. That's why I'm calling you to ask for your advice,” uttered Madilyn as soon as the call connected.
Even though she was excellent at giving relationship advice, she'd turned into a dummy when she was the one stuck in relationship problems.
After listening to Madilyn's story, Roxanne more or less understood how her best friend felt and comforted her, “Right now, Jonathan hasn't told you what his relationship with Coralie is. Even if she's interested in him, she's nothing but a love rival. You're an outstanding individual, so what are you afraid of? Just stay calm for now since Coralie is just a patient.”
Her words brought Madilyn back to her senses. Thus, Madilyn headed to Coralie's bed to examine the latter.
Coralie stayed in a double room. In the morning, patient number 38 had been discharged from the hospital. So far, no new patient had moved into the ward, so Coralie was alone in the room.
At that moment, Jonathan was asking Coralie how she was doing.
Grinning, Coralie asked coyly. “Can you peel an orange for me, Mr. Queen?”
"Oh, sure,” replied Jonathan.
His reaction was a little slow, but she thought it was cute.
Just as Jonathan was peeling an orange, Shawn suddenly appeared and opened the door.
Shawn had a phone call with his sister during the morning. When he learned Coralie was injured in an accident after she got off the plane, he immediately bought a flight ticket to Horington.
His expression darkened when he saw a man next to his younger sister.
Upon recognizing the man was Jonathan, he muttered, “Jonathan Queen? So, you're Coralie's friend. Were you not paying attention to the road? Was that how you got into such a serious car accident?”
Before Jonathan realized what was going on, Shawn approached the former with an overwhelming vibe. “You're...” Jonathan still had no clue about Coralie's identity.
Though, he recognized Shawn because his sister, Frieda, had interacted with him before.
Promptly, he turned to look at Coralie.
Colors drained from her face because she still wanted to hide her identity.
She was aware Jonathan was Lucian's subordinate and that her older brother was not on good terms with Lucian. Hence, she was worried Jonathan would distance himself from her if he knew who she was.
She certainly didn't expect her brother to show up. Seeing that she couldn't hide her identity any longer, she blurted, “This is my older brother, Shawn.”
Instantly, Jonathan frowned.
He was once a business rival of Shawn's for a while. Additionally, his sister had invested a lot of time and effort in Shawn for nothing. So, it was obvious Jonathan didn't have a good impression of Shawn.
"| question your driving skills, Jonathan. How did you get into an accident while picking up my sister? You even sent her all the way into the emergency room. How incredible!" Shawn peered at Jonathan with hostility.
Upon hearing that, Coralie panicked and explained, “It's not what you think, Shawn. It was just an accident. A truck rammed into his car from behind. It's not his fault!”
Ignoring Shawn's reprimand, Jonathan stared at Coralie with disappointment. “I didn't expect you to be from the Crawford family, Ms. Crawford.”
“I'm sorry for hiding it from you for so long. Then again, you never asked.” He nodded. “You're right. That was my mistake. Should | have known that beforehand, some things would've changed.”
Then he turned his sight to Shawn. “It was an accident, Mr. Crawford. As Ms. Crawford's friend, | feel sorry for allowing this to happen to her. However, | don't think you have the right to berate me. 
###Chapter 1943
Chapter 1943
Chapter 1943 Transfer
"Since I'm here, Jonathan, I'll take care of my sister from now on. You can leave now.” Shawn didn't expect his sister to like Jonathan that much.
Did Jonathan fish out information from Coralie? Is that why my company foiled? When his train of thought ended there, he scowled with a frigid look in his eyes. “Did you leak the overseas plan our organization devised to Jonathan, Coralie?”
Coralie was astonished by her brother's sudden interrogation. Glaring at him, she questioned, “What do you mean by that? Have you still not figured out why the company failed? How can you blame me for that?”
"Who knows? You're awfully close to a core member of our competing company, after all. | may not suspect you, but someone else likely will.” With a scornful smile, Shawn glanced at Jonathan.
Jonathan understood what that meant. He shook his head and smirked coldly. “It seems like you really aren’t fit to be Lucian's opponent. Your plan is too petty. | have just learned that Coraline is your little sister. Do you think | could've gotten any intel from her?”
Suddenly, it was as though the temperature in the room had dropped by dozens of degrees.
/ can almost smell the gunpowder in the air! | need to stop them now. Speedily, Coralie interrupted, “Are you here to visit me or question me, Shawn? Now that you've seen that I'm doing fine, you can leave now!”
Shawn had no retort upon hearing the exasperation in his sister's voice.
However, he was determined to stand his ground before Jonathan. “Why should | leave? It's only normal that I'll need to take care of you until you've recovered. You should say that to someone else.”
“Fine! I'll take my leave now, Ms. Crawford. There's no need to concern about the medical bill. | paid for them already. Also, the truck that smashed into us will compensate you too.” Jonathan was about to leave upon ending his sentence.
It was the first time Coralie saw him angry, which distressed her.
Since there was nothing she could do to make Jonathan stay, she glared at Shawn with contempt instead. It was then Madilyn arrived at the ward, ready to examine Coralie.
When she heard Jonathan was about to be chased away, rage flooded her heart.
“I'm the director of this hospital. Please keep quiet when visiting a patient inside the ward.” She spoke in a professional tone and pointed at Shawn. “Furthermore, are you the patient's family member? Did you barge in here without registering your name? If you did, please go and do the registration now.”
Jonathan was taken aback, /didn't expect her to show up at such a moment.
Shawn was naturally upset that he was reprimanded. Thus, he spat, “This hospital belongs to Roxanne Jarvis, correct? So... this is
just a small hospital. How dare you act ostentatiously before me.”
“It sounds like you dislike our hospital, mister. In that case, please transfer the patient to another medical institution,” retorted Madilyn out of spite.
Upon witnessing that, Jonathan decided to stay and stood by Madilyn because he was afraid Shawn would bully her.
Coralie immediately recognized the person speaking was Madilyn. So, she's the woman Jonathan had been interacting with most frequently when | wasn't in Horington. He seems to core a lot about her, and he is all ready to protect her. Ha, just glancing at her stings my heart. She's so much more beautiful than me and she is soft too. 
###Chapter 1944
Chapter 1944
Chapter 1944 Got Lucky
Coralie abhorred her brother immensely for revealing her identity, chasing Jonathan away, and demanding to transfer her to another hospital. / didn't expect Madilyn to be the director since she seemed so young. Hmm, Roxanne may have founded the hospital, but based on what | know about her, | doubt she let Madilyn take the position due to nepotism. This must mean Madilyn's capable of handling a director's responsibilities. Gosh, | can't stop feeling envious watching Jonathan standing next to Madilyn.
"Since you're the director, | want you to take responsibility for your words.” Shawn was still acting haughtily.
Enraged by his words, Madilyn spat coldly, “I can, and | will! Since you detest our hospital, I'll proceed with the patient's discharge procedure right now.”
Promptly, she left to seek out the doctor in charge of Coralie to do what she said she would. Jonathan followed her and explained apologetically, “Don't get angry, Madilyn. Shawn's always an unreasonable man.” “Are you trying to stop me?” contended Madilyn. Oh, man.Whyare you still treating them so nicely after he chased you away?
“No, I'm not. I'm just wondering if you'll receive complaints if you do this. It'll affect your reputation.” That was Jonathan's honest concern.
Upon hearing that, Madilyn felt better. Then, she stopped and looked at him. “It doesn't matter. Mr. Crawford's the one who spoke ill of our hospital first. Even if this involves Roxanne, she won't blame me for it.”
She then continued to walk to the office of the doctor in charge of Coralie and swiftly explained the situation. Since it was an order from the director, the doctor did as he was told without asking any questions. After everything was over, Madilyn returned to her office with Jonathan.
"What else do you want, Jonathan? If you want to keep tending to Coralie, | suggest you find out where she's transferring quickly.” She was still quite pissed off.
Jonathan was dumbfounded for a moment before shaking his head. “I didn't know Coralie is a member of the Crawford family. If | did, | probably wouldn't have interacted with her, and none of this would've happened. Besides, | didn’t cause the accident. Most importantly, Shawn's attitude is overbearing!”
He doesn't understand why I’m upset at all. I'm really speechless. He sure is honest, but what am | going to say to him? When Madilyn's train of thought ended, she asked, “So, is there anything else you need to do?" Scratching his head, Jonathan offered, “How about we grab lunch together since you're about to get off for lunch break?”
“Err...” She was gobsmacked by his straightforwardness. Oh, is this guy serious?Well, | think he really just wants to have a meal with me.
In the end, she nodded. "Sure. Wait for me, then.”
After Jonathan left the room, Madilyn informed Roxanne of Coralie's transfer from the hospital to prevent Shawn from filing an invalid complaint.
Roxanne was surprised after listening to the story. "So, Shawn appeared and then chased his sister's love interest away? You got lucky, Madilyn!”
That astounded Madilyn. Now that | think about it, | guess | am indeed lucky. 
###Chapter 1945
Chapter 1945
Chapter 1945 Internal Conflict
Shawn arrived at a private hospital with Coralie in a car.
Just as the vehicle stopped, a black Mercedes-Benz appeared in front. Furrowing his eyebrows, Shawn saw Jonas’ figure.
A few bodyguards rushed to Shawn's car and surrounded it on high alert.
Coralie was sitting in the backseat, ready to grumble about how her brother ruined her plan. However, she rapidly put on a serious persona when she saw what had transpired. “What's Jonas doing, Shawn?”
“What else? | broke my confinement order, so now they're here to give me trouble,” answered Shawn.
His failed investment incurred immense losses to the family. Thus, his family elders punished him. Consequently, he wasn't allowed to do anything during his one-year stay in the north.
“Seems like Jonas is using this opportunity to sort you out.” A cold look flashed past Coralie's eyes. The younger generation of the Crawford family often competed against each other with their full might to become the heir.
Shawn was the most outstanding among them; hence, he was most likely to become the next patriarch. After his horrendous failure, that opportunity fell into Jonas' lap.
Casually, Jonas exited the vehicle with a mocking smile while Shawn did the same with an indifferent expression.
“You've broken the rules, dear cousin. You know you aren't allowed to leave for a year, yet you did it anyway. When you return, you'll no doubt be confined for a few days,” Jonas said in a smug manner.
Composedly, Shawn replied, “My sister was in an accident, so | came to visit her. Is that prohibited?” “Why would it be? I'm just here to remind you that you can ask me for help. Is your sister fine?” inquired Jonas in an odd tone. It tempted Shawn to punch him in the face.
Furiously, Coralie left the car and confronted Jonas with displeasure. “I'm fine. Besides, Shawn'll be returning home soon. You don't need to travel here to meet us personally. Are you here to warn us?”
“What makes you think so? We're a family, so let's not treat each other as enemies, all right? | even thought about avenging the two of you after you lost to Lucian.” Jonas' line of sight merely lingered on Coralie for a second. Evidently, he didn't care about her condition.
“Really? I'll be grateful if you're able to succeed. However, | feel compelled to warn you that you can't defeat Lucian with your current capabilities.” Shawn was amused upon hearing Jonas’ intentions. | bet he'll end up worse than me if he goes through with that plan. Fine by me. Jonas and his father have always been a thorn in my side. If | let them suffer immense losses, they'll probably shut up from then on while | remain the victor.
“How kind of you to worry about me. However, you need not be concerned about whether I can win against Lucian or not. You should return to the north as soon as you can. Don't put me in a situation. As for Coralie, I'll help you take care of her.”
Shawn was surprised Jonas wasn't angered by his provocation. Still, he's chasing me home. It's obvious he's worried I'll brew troubles for him and spoil his plan in Horington.
Upon ending his train of thought, Shawn nodded and turned to his sister. “You don't need to worry about anything else. Just stay at the hospital, Coralie. If you need anything, tell Jonas about it. He's right that | can't stay for long, so I'll be leaving now.”
“| think | would've felt more touched if you didn't visit me! Just leave and go home. | can take care of myself!” exclaimed Coralie. However, she still faced Jonas with a cold expression.
As much as she disliked Shawn sometimes, he was her brother after all. On the other hand, Jonas had always found fault with them since they were kids. Therefore, when push came to shove, she would still stand by her brother to face their adversaries together. 
###Chapter 1946
Chapter 1946
Chapter 1946 Get Everything Back
After seeing Shawn drive away, Jonas simply chatted with Coralie for a few moments before doing the same. He had an appointment with a very important guest that day.
When he arrived at the restaurant, his guest was already there. Judging from his attire, Jonas was sure that he was someone who could be easily bribed.
The uneasiness in Grant's gaze was palpable. After all, he was in a high-end restaurant and did not even have the next month's rent in his pocket.
He had no idea who the person who made an appointment with him was, but since the person mentioned he would help him, he figured it was worth a shot.
After all, the creditors had begun pressing him repeatedly after learning that he could not attend his daughter's wedding and that he had not formed an in-law relationship with the Farwell family.
Some economic crime police officers even came to him and urged him to find a way to pay off his debt. Otherwise, he would have to go to prison again.
Grant froze when he saw Jonas before he hurriedly stood up with a big smile on his face. “Hello, hello. I'm Grant Jarvis, and you
are...
“Hello, Mr. Jarvis. My name is Jonas Crawford, and | am someone who can help you. Have a seat.” Jonas was all smiles, feeling more confident when he saw the other man's awkwardness.
Having already thoroughly investigated Grant's situation, he knew that as a father who was not recognized by his daughter and an indigent man covered in debts, the latter would undoubtedly cooperate with him if given the slightest benefit.
Hence, as soon as he sat down, he took out a check and a pen and quickly wrote an amount on it. Grant stuck his head out and wished he could extend his neck a few more centimeters to see how much money was written on it. After the five were a line of zeros.
Jonas slowly pushed the check to Grant. “Here's five million, Mr. Jarvis. It's a token of my sincerity for our coming cooperation. | hope you can accept it. | can absolutely help you make a comeback in the future!”
Grant was dumbfounded. The muscles on his cheek twitched, and his eyes instantly shone with sheer delight. His whole body was tingling with excitement.
Five million. | can't believe he offered me five million. Even if | offer my life in exchange, it still won't be of this value. | can put off the pressure from numerous creditors with the help of this money, and if we work together in the future on a long-term basis, I'll undoubtedly receive a sizable payment. Mr. Crawford here is truly a living saint!
His outstretched hand stopped in mid-air as he was still a little unsure. “Do you mean what you said, Mr. Crawford? Do you truly intend to give me this money? It's not just a blank check to make fun of me, right?” he asked timidly.
“Do you think | would go to such lengths just to make you happy? | might as well be direct. Roxanne is your daughter, right? That in itself is completely enough!”
Jonas revealed the key point directly—it was Grant's identity that he was interested in.
In the future, there were naturally many things that this identity could help him achieve.
However, without solving Grant's problems, many of those subsequent plans would be impossible.
This five million is indeed only the first payment. There will be more in the future. However, no matter how much the payout, it's better than the company run by Shawn, which somehow lost more than two billion.
“That's right. Roxanne is my daughter, but our relationship now is rather strained. Are you aware of that, Mr. Crawford?” Grant asked.
He was still fantasizing about becoming a billionaire a few days ago. However, as the wedding went by and no one in the Farwell family welcomed him, he realized that getting anything from his daughter would be extremely difficult.
“I'm aware of that, and it's fine! Aren't | here to help you get everything back? In any case, Mr. Jarvis, you only have to remember that I'll arrange everything from now on!” A faint smile spread out from the corner of Jonas' mouth, full of confidence, as if everything was about to go according to his plan. 
###Chapter 1947
Chapter 1947
Chapter 1947 Far Too Many Mistakes
The days after the wedding were uneventful and pleasant.
At the research institute, Peregrine had trained a cadre of capable protégés. With Linda managing everything well, Roxanne's workload grew lighter each day.
The three children had also found their own interests. They studied diligently every day and never got tired of it. Elias and Sonya took them out during weekends, which relieved her of a lot of worries.
Fortunately, her husband accompanied her every day. They would either go shopping and eat or visit the nearby leisure attractions. Their private time together was also very romantic.
Perhaps we are in the best possible state right now.
Roxanne was extremely contented. Every day, she felt as if her mood was soaring through the sky, and she found herself smiling without even realizing it.
That day, she was returning home after a shopping spree in the mall. Lucian had already informed her over the phone that he had made coffee at home and was waiting for her.
After having their coffee and waiting for the children to be picked up from school, they planned to go to a spa hotel as a family for a relaxing soak.
She arrived outside the manor and was just about to drive through the gate when she saw a familiar figure.
It was Grant, her father. He was looking around while carrying something.
For some reason, it stirred something in her heart.
She stopped the car beside him, opened the door, and got out.
Grant also noticed his daughter, and although he averted his gaze, he still approached her with the things he was carrying.
“Roxanne, I'm here just to see the three children. Here are some snacks and toys for them. See if you need them. If not, I'll take them back.” His entire body, including his voice, exuded a sense of inferiority, which immediately made Roxanne a little uncomfortable.
As far as she remembered, her father had always appeared fierce while cowardly at heart. His booming voice always came with a grumpy countenance.
However, after giving it some thought, Roxanne still could not help but reach out to receive those toys and snacks.
Even though her children did not have much need for those toys anymore and her husband would not let them have more snacks, she still wanted to take them as she felt that her father's demeanor was a little pitiful.
“You can't meet the kids right now because they are still in school. I'll take the stuff and let them know. Anything else?” Roxanne spoke in a flat tone as if she was talking to a stranger.
Naturally, she was also trying to figure out if Grant's pitiful look was his attempt to gain her sympathy.
From my understanding of him, someone like him probably only thinks about money all the time, right?
“Is that so? All right. I'll come back when I have a chance. I'm truly sorry, Roxanne. I've made far too many mistakes up until this point!” All of a sudden, Grant was a little choked up.
Roxanne looked up and was shocked to find his eyes turning red. His sorrowful expression gave the impression that he was regretting something.
However, she still could not bring herself to believe it. “These matters... | can't care about them, so you should just take better care of yourself,” she uttered indifferently.
Throughout her response, Grant's expression grew sadder when he realized that his daughter did not even want to call him Dad. “| get it, all of it. These are the retributions | achieve. Roxanne, | didn't come here to beg for your sympathy. | deserve all of this. | just want to see the children. Perhaps, someday, | can't hold on anymore. By the way, there's another thing | wish to tell you... Winnie and | are already divorced!”
After saying that, he reached into his pocket and pulled out a crumpled document with the words “Divorce Certificate” printed on it. 
###Chapter 1948
Chapter 1948
Chapter 1948 Unavoidable Blood Relation
Although Roxanne was a little taken aback when she heard that, she could not stop herself from chuckling inwardly the next moment.
| can't believe they actually divorced. This truly makes me lose some of my faith in love. After all, Grant had abandoned his wife and daughter for Winnie back then.
If Roxanne's mother had not been concerned that her daughter was still a minor and had not finished her studies when she was still alive, she would have long since let Roxanne leave that house with her.
Grant was even more shameless after divorcing her mother. He returned home with Yuliana and Yosef, who were both around her age, and declared that he had been betraying his family for many years.
Roxanne would never forget the suffering Winnie and the pair of siblings have caused her for the rest of her life. At present, they had come to the point where they had to fend for themselves when trouble came knocking. However, after thinking about it, she felt a certain calmness within her without any feelings of exhilaration.
She had long become numb to it. Be it Grant or Winnie, their fates did not matter much to her.
Hence, she replied indifferently, “Is that so? But this is all your personal affairs, so it shouldn't have much to do with me. All right. I'm going back. | still have something to do.”
With that, she spun on her heel and was about to get in the car. However, she could not help but sneak a glance at him. Likewise, Grant was turning around, preparing to leave. His figure looked utterly pitiful.
Roxanne breathed a sigh as she put away her chaotic thoughts. She then thought about going to the cemetery to tell her mother the good news when she was free.
“Roxanne, you must give me a chance to meet the children. This is my biggest wish now.” Grant abruptly doubled back and smacked the car window twice from the outside while shouting.
Roxanne froze because she saw tears spilling out of the corners of the eyes of the wrinkled man.
Grant reminded her of a lion nearing the end of its life, looking old and frail and not baring its teeth and claws or roaring mightily like it used to.
Can people truly return to being inherently good when they get old? It remained an open question to her. She simply nodded in response before starting the car and entering the manor. The sensor gate would automatically open after scanning the car plate number and close as the vehicle drove by.
Roxanne lifted the two bags and spotted the outdated toys and snacks of different brands, wondering what she would do with them.
Lucian happened to notice it as he approached her from the opposite direction. He furrowed his brows and asked, “What did you buy? Why are the mall's packaging bags of such poor quality?” “No. These aren't from the mall. | met Grant outside the manor just now. He bought them and said they were for the children, so |
just took them.” Roxanne handed the things to her husband and asked his opinion on how to deal with them.
“So, is this the first time he has bought things for his grandchildren?” Lucian did not know what expression to make upon learning that Grant and Winnie had divorced.
“Perhaps there's truly retribution in this world!” he exclaimed.
He came up with a solution. “We don't know the production date and shelf life of these miscellaneous snacks, so it's better to throw them away. As for the toys, they can be sent to the orphanage later!”
Looking up, he found that his wife looked a little dazed. After all, women were emotional and would waver upon seeing their biological father in such a pitiful state.
“All right. Let's head inside. We better finish our coffee quickly as it's getting cold. I'll ask the kids if they want to meet their granddad when they return. If they do, we'll let him meet them once,” Lucian said lightly.
Roxanne looked at her husband and nodded.
We can only deal with it this way. After all, this blood relation can't be avoided no matter what. 
###Chapter 1949
Chapter 1949
Chapter 1949 Difficult For Any Man To Refuse
Lucian and Roxanne brought Archie, Benny, and Estella to the hot spring resort. They all soaked in the hot spring before returning to the manor, chatting and laughing.
Archie and Benny clamored to play chess with Elias. Elias hastily waved his hands in refusal, declining with the excuse that he had something else to do. That made Sonya snicker at the side.
“Your grandpa can't win anymore. After losing nine consecutive games to you two the last time, he has long since lost the confidence to play with you!” She exposed Elias, making him so furious that he glared at her.
“Let's go upstairs and make some clothes!” Estella urged Sonya to go upstairs with her, where her exclusive design studio was. All of Snuggly's clothing designs originated there.
Following that, Archie and Benny had no choice but to give up. They went upstairs and studied a game of checkers.
Meanwhile, Roxanne went into the kitchen and prepared a fruit platter. Then, she hollered at Lucian to come and have some fruits.
After some consideration, the couple took the initiative to tell Elias about Grant's request to visit the triplets.
“| have no ions. No matter the kind of person he is, he's still the kids' grandfather and should be allowed to visit them. Roxanne, you can make the call when it comes to this.”
Elias readily agreed and assured them that Sonya would certainly have no problems with it.
Roxanne nodded before discussing the matter with Lucian. It happened to be field day tomorrow, and the children would be let out of school early. Thus, they decided to bring the triplets out and meet Grant the next day.
It would be considered a realization of his wish. As for the future, they would try to minimize all contact as much as possible. After all, he had to pay the price for his mistakes in the past twenty to thirty years.
Sometime later, Roxanne had just stepped out of the bathroom in a bathrobe after taking a shower when a ravenous wolf scooped her up in a bridal carry and rained kisses on her.
“Why are you in such a hurry?” She responded to the man, but she could sense that he had something particular in mind that day.
Lucian abruptly stopped his passionate pursuit of pleasure. Subsequently, he wore a pensive look on his face. “Darling, don't you think the triplets are too mature? They're all incredibly talented and exceedingly independent. | can't even get to experience being a father properly.”
“So? What are you planning to do about it?” Roxanne asked the obvious with a sweet smile tugging at her lips.
“Naturally, it's to have a baby as soon as possible. It'll be tough on you, Darling. But don't worry. When you're pregnant, I'll definitely obey you to the letter without a word of protest. I'm even considering sitting for a caregiver certification to wait on you throughout your pregnancy!” Lucian promised solemnly, suffusing her with gratification.
At once, she turned the tables on him and unleashed the entirety of her passion.
The night passed in an endless storm of passion.
Coralie only stayed in the hospital for a day before she decided to get discharged.
Initially, she wanted to phone Jonathan. Upon recalling how her brother questioned the man, however, she felt that their relationship seemed to have deteriorated significantly.
Most importantly, she could sense that Madilyn's attitude toward him was very much unusual.
On top of that, he also appeared extremely close to the woman.
Having always been a confident person, Coralie was convinced that she would be providing him space to miss her and dream about her infinitely by leaving Horington for some time.
Never had she thought that it would have given another woman a chance instead.
It went without saying that an outstanding man attracted the opposite sex by the droves. To her, having a rival actually sparked her competitiveness.
After mulling it over, she ultimately decided to give Jonathan a call. The ringing tone rang several times before the man finally answered the call.
Jonathan's voice was beyond detached right off the bat. “How are you doing, Ms. Crawford? I'm currently dealing with the matter of compensation for the car accident. It should be finalized today. Can you please give me your account number so | can transfer you the money?”
“I'm really sorry, Jonathan. My brother only spoke to you in such a manner because he was out of his mind. He has left Horington now. I'm alone in the hospital without anyone to take care of me. Can you come and pick me up from the hospital?”
Coralie's voice dripped with feminine fragility, making it difficult for any man to refuse her. 
###Chapter 1950
Chapter 1950
Chapter 1950 Heart Pounded Like A Jackhammer
After much consideration, Jonathan decided to go and lend Coralie a hand.
After all, he was the one who caused the car accident. However, ever since he learned that she was Shawn's biological sister, he had been inexplicably averse toward her inwardly.
Before going to the hospital to pick her up, he headed toward Madilyn's mansion as usual, with loads of traditional supplements in his car to deliver them to Lorraine after leaving the traffic police department.
When he reached the mansion, Lorraine hurried out enthusiastically and helped to carry the things. Then, she served him a cup of coffee.
“Are you free, Jonathan? Go and look in on Madilyn. She's somewhat under the weather today.” Only upon hearing Lorraine's request did Jonathan notice that Madilyn's car was still in the courtyard.
“What? Madilyn is sick?” Jonathan's expression inexorably turned concerned, and he immediately strode into the living room.
Asmile promptly bloomed on Lorraine's face. In truth, Madilyn was not really sick but tired herself out recently. Consequently, her stomach ached worse now that she was on her menstruation.
Jonathan went straight to Madilyn's room on the second floor.
The room door was closed. Knocking on it, he hollered, “Are you in there, Madilyn? Am | disrupting your rest? And how are you feeling? Do you want to go to the hospital for a checkup?”
Madilyn was stunned for a moment when she heard Jonathan's voice right after rousing from her nap. Unbidden, she was a touch delighted to hear him sounding all frantic. “I'm fine. Why are you here?” she asked, quickly getting out of bed and changing out of her pajamas.
She felt that Jonathan would not simply push open the door and barge in, but it never crossed her mind that the door was not locked.
All of a sudden, a gust of wind swept past. She happened to be taking off her clothes when she felt a breeze brushing past her back, bringing along a cool sensation. Glancing back over her shoulder, she met Jonathan's eyes and was instantly stupefied.
Likewise, Jonathan had never expected such a thing to transpire out of the blue. Stumped, he did not know how to react for a long time.
“Ahh! Close the door, quick!” Madilyn swiftly covered her body with both hands and dropped into a crouch. It felt as though every single pore in her body was emitting heat, and her face flamed hotly. Deep within, she was so mortified that she wished the ground would open up and swallow her whole.
“|-I-I'm sorry!” Jonathan hastily averted his gaze, so nervous that he stammered. He hurriedly reached out and slammed the door close.
Aloud bang split the air.
Downstairs, Lorraine was puzzled when she heard her daughter's shrill cry. Raising her voice, she asked, “What's wrong, Maddy?”
“N-Nothing!” Madilyn shouted from the window at once. Gah! How utterly embarrassing! Fortunately, I'd only taken off my pajama top at that time!
Jonathan, on the other hand, remained rooted to the spot. A tingling sensation coursed through him, and an indescribably peculiar feeling bubbled within him.
He was no ignorant lad, merely never having had much to comment on the female figure. Many of the opposite sex threw themselves at him in the past, but he had never felt anything for them.
This time, however, his throat felt parched, and his heart pounded like a jackhammer.
About two minutes later, Madilyn had finally changed into a satisfactory outfit and started washing up.
At heart, she was still feeling shy, wondering what Jonathan thought of her.
“How are you feeling, Madilyn? You should know the problem since you're a doctor yourself, yes?” Jonathan stood there for a long while before he came up with those words.
At that precise moment, the door slowly opened. Madilyn kept her eyes lowered, not daring to look at Jonathan. The blush staining her face that had faded earlier made an appearance once more.
“I'm really fine. As you know, I'm a doctor. If I'm truly sick, I'd definitely prescribe myself some medicine. Anyway, what brings you here?”
She walked over to the man, suddenly feeling that she could hear her heart racing. It was hammering so fast that it was as though her heart was going to jump out of her chest. Without warning, a tidal wave of pain assailed her at the abdomen, making her brows furrow slightly.
“And you claimed to be fine? What illness exactly are you suffering from? Let me bring you to the hospital to have another doctor check you over.” Lifting his eyes, Jonathan stared at Madilyn's beautiful face, dazed for a moment.
On the heels of that, he glimpsed the pain vaguely lining her features and promptly panicked. 
###Chapter 1951
Chapter 1951
Chapter 1951 Will He Not Misunderstand
In the inpatient department of the high-end hospital, Coralie removed the gauze and checked her forehead.
Great relief suffused her when she found no scar marring her countenance.
She waited for Jonathan to arrive.
Heh! | more or less know his weakness. As long as | take the initiative, I'll be able to attain my goal sooner or later. A faint smile curved her lips.
All of a sudden, her phone rang. Upon seeing that it was a call from Jonathan, she reckoned that he had probably arrived at the hospital.
She planned to play some trick later to draw closer to the man.
As soon as she had answered the phone, Jonathan's voice drifted out. “I'm really sorry, but | don't think | can go over to pick you up from the hospital today, Ms. Crawford. If you truly can't find anyone to help you out, can you arrange to be discharged tomorrow?”
Coralie was caught off guard, never having expected the man to abruptly go back on his word.
Her temper instantly spiked, and she snapped with displeasure written all over her face, “In that case, forget it! | can get discharged from the hospital by myself!”
After saying that, she furiously hung up the phone.
She felt sure that Jonathan would undoubtedly call her back to explain since she had pulled the same tactic on many men, and it had worked every time.
Alas, her phone remained silent even after she waited for a long time, which was about three minutes. Jonathan did not call her back.
In a flash, she realized that her brother's appearance yesterday was a grave mistake, for Jonathan's attitude toward her had changed in a split second.
Ultimately, she could only grit her teeth and do the packing herself. At the same time, Jonathan was driving Madilyn to the hospital.
Madilyn initially wanted to tell him that she was in pain because she was on her menstruation. At his solemn expression, however, she inexplicably could not bring herself to turn him down.
To her surprise, she even overheard Jonathan declining to pick Coralie up from the hospital. She could not help feeling gleeful inwardly.
“When we arrive at the hospital, have the doctor check you over properly and see what exactly is the matter. Are you still in pain right now? Mdm. Xander said that you've been overtaxing yourself recently. You've got to take good care of yourself. Many of the medicinal herbs | brought this time are suitable for you as a supplement,” Jonathan urged at length.
As Madilyn nodded in acquiescence, her mind inexorably wandered.
He's gentle despite his rough ways and attentive in his denseness, gradually showcasing increasingly more of his strong points. But does he really have no interest in a romantic relationship?
Shortly after, they arrived at the hospital.
To make the show believable, Madilyn went to the obstetrics and gynecology department for a consultation and sought the doctor on duty out.
Understandably, the doctor on duty suffered a fright. Huh? Isn't Dr. Xander supposed to be on leave today? Is she here for a spot-check?
Fortunately, he was working diligently in the first place. After he had diagnosed his patient, he asked her whether she was there to check on him or if she needed him to do something.
Madilyn frankly told him that her menstruation had been somewhat irregular lately and the pain had worsened, asking him to prescribe her some traditional medicine to restore balance in her body before leaving the examination room.
“How was it? What did the doctor on duty say?” Jonathan suddenly realized that he should not have asked that.
They were at the obstetrics and gynecology department, so it was exceedingly dumb of him to ask such a question since it was something private when it came to the specific problem. As such, she did not have to tell him anything.
“Everything's fine. | merely need to take some medicine to restore balance in my body.” Out of the blue, Madilyn felt that coming to the obstetrics and gynecology department for consultation was also a mistake.
If | don't explain things to him, won't he misunderstand that I've got some gynecological condition? Oh God, this is simply too embarrassing!
“That's great. Is it traditional medicinal herbs? If so, I'll decoct them for you when we get back,” Jonathan offered.
He was an expert in that as the Queen family had always been one of the biggest suppliers of traditional medicinal herbs in Chanaea.
“Sure. Let's go back now, then.” Madilyn no longer cared about the details anymore.
She seemingly did not mind doing anything at all so long as she could have him spend more time with her. 
###Chapter 1952
Chapter 1952
Chapter 1952 Meeting Their Maternal Grandfather
Coralie was really curious about what exactly Jonathan was doing that he went back on his word to pick her up. After leaving the hospital, she booked herself a room at a five-star hotel.
Then, she made a call.
“Trey, help me investigate Jonathan Queen of the Queen family and see what exactly he's doing. My brother had once asked you to keep tabs on him in the past.”
Trey Calnan was someone Shawn personally trained in Horington. He spearheaded a small team specializing in collecting information, very much efficient at his job.
He had kept tabs on Lucian and Jonathan in the past and managed to obtain genuine information on them. Of course, it was also possible that both men could not be bothered to conceal their whereabouts. In no time, Trey came back to Coralie with the answer.
“I've found that Jonathan Queen likely remained at Madilyn Xander's house for a few hours and only left after lunch. The license plate matches.” After reporting back habitually, Trey hung up the phone.
Coralie was stunned for a long time before fury abruptly blazed to life within her.
So... / lost to Madilyn? Did she really seize advantage of the time while | was away from Horington to take her relationship with Jonathan further at lightning speed? Countless wealthy heirs pursued me back in the north, but | could not muster the slightest interest in them all. After meeting an intriguing man like Jonathan, I've taken my relationship with him seriously. Never had | imagined that I'd lose to on inferior woman with no background whatsoever.
Her blood boiled, and she was so incensed that she opened a bottle of wine and started downing it sullenly.
In the evening, Roxanne listened as Madilyn narrated the events that had happened that day. Deep within, she felt rather glad that Jonathan did not bother about Coralie but took care of her best friend instead, proving that the latter occupied a crucial position in the man's heart.
Nevertheless, Madilyn did not dare tell her about Jonathan having seen her unclothed in the morning.
Roxanne again encouraged Madilyn at length, urging her to be more proactive instead of being reserved and to cling to Jonathan tightly.
The two of them then teased one another. It was not until the triplets had returned from school that Roxanne hung up the phone. Subsequently, she phoned her father, Grant, and arranged for him to meet the children at a park. Grant sounded incredibly emotional on the phone, thanking her fervently, but that put her slightly ill at ease.
Lucian helped the triplets take their bags and books into the mansion. On the heels of that, he told them to change in preparation for meeting their maternal grandfather.
“Granddad? Why are we going to meet him, Daddy? Has Mommy agreed?” “Granddad never wanted us, no? | don't want to meet him!”
Archie and Benny's aversion was still as candid as ever. They understood many things and had never seen their maternal grandfather all these years, making it clear that the man did not care about them at all.
Looking at her brothers, Estella followed their lead. "Since Archie and Benny don't want to go, neither do I.”
Roxanne overheard the conversation and could only come over and explain things to them, pointing out that it was just a brief meeting that would not take long.
Elias likewise coaxed, “If you all don't like it, just have a look at him from afar. This is basic courtesy.”
At long last, the triplets relented.
With Lucian driving, they all headed to the park.
Right then, Grant was busy packing everything up at a dilapidated residential area in the suburbs. He had bought a lot of branded children's clothes and even had three emerald pendants made for the triplets.
Behind him, Winnie wore a chagrined expression. “Why did you spend so much money? Those three brats might not necessarily acknowledge you. Your plan this time had better succeed.
Otherwise, you'll be getting it from me. How dare you ask me to play along with you, even getting a divorce with me for real!”
“What do you know? I only did so to show her in a show of sincerity. Otherwise, | wouldn't have been able to approach Roxanne at all.
Aren't | doing all this for the sake of our future? If you've got nothing to do, Winnie, take some money and look for that son of yours!”
Wrath lined Grant's features, and he knew all too well that she had no control over him at the moment.
After all, the divorce certificate was real though the divorce itself was bogus. 
###Chapter 1953
Chapter 1953
Chapter 1953 A Pitiful Sight
At the park, Roxanne and Lucian set up a simple campsite by pitching a tent and spreading out a waterproof mat. Once they were done, Lucian cooked a meal with the kids using some simple utensils.
The sight warmed Roxanne's heart. How thoughtful of Lucian. By doing this, the kids won't resent him so much. With that, she extended a hand to help. Once the food was ready, she held up a plate for the children to try. Meanwhile, Grant arrived at the appointed time. Dressed shabbily, he walked with an unsteady gait.
He had a bag in his hand that contained newly bought branded clothes and three emerald pendants.
Standing at a distance, he quietly watched the children enjoy their parents' company.
Acomplicated look flashed across his eyes in the midst of doing so.
“| have no choice but to comply with Mr. Crawford's demand. The five million | previously had was taken away by the creditors. | have no way of paying it back, and | don't want to stay poor forever!”
Grant steeled his resolve and gave Roxanne a call.
In reality, Lucian had already noticed Grant's presence and would look in the latter's direction intermittently. He wanted to determine if Grant's concern for the children was sincere.
If he approaches the children quickly the moment he sees them, he probably wants to ingratiate himself with them and doesn't really miss them.
Upon receiving the call, Roxanne looked around before finally spotting her father.
Grant's hunch seemed to have worsened from the last time, cutting a pitiful and desolate-looking figure.
“Lucian, Grant is here. What do you plan to do?” Roxanne inquired.
Lucian responded calmly, “Don't worry. Let him come over and see the children. He does deserve it as their granddad.” Thereafter, Grant approached them meekly upon receiving permission to do so.
A faint smile broke out across his weathered face, while gentleness settled into his eyes.
Even though he knew that he was acting according to plan, the sight of his energetic grandchildren triggered a sudden sense of warmth within him.
Mr. Crawford promised that all | needed to do was to get close to them and feed him information. He probably won't get me to harm them.
“Roxanne, is this Archie? Is he Benny? Both of them look so alike that | can't tell them apart.” While mumbling, Grant's gaze fell upon Estella, and he broadened his smile. “Essie, don't be shy. I'm your granddad!”
At that moment, Archie and Benny maintained an indifferent look in their eyes, a testament to their taking after Lucian.
As for Estella, she blinked curiously before turning to ask Roxanne, “Mommy, is he our granddad?”
After Roxanne and Lucian nodded in unison, Estella gave Grant a polite nod. “Nice to meet you, Granddad!”
Estella's warmth took Grant by surprise. He hadn't expected her to acknowledge him as her grandfather on such short notice. Meanwhile, Archie and Benny exchange glances before joining in to greet him, “Hello, Granddad.”
Nonetheless, their expression remained just as distant. As they were more sensible than Estella, they were aware of how badly Grant had treated Roxanne.
After acknowledging their greeting with a hum, Grant frantically brought out the new clothes and three exquisite-looking boxes.
“Roxanne, Mr. Farwell, I've bought some outfits for the children. It should fit them perfectly. Also, here are three emerald pendants. They aren't expensive, so it's not necessary to wear them. | just wanted to get them something to remember me by.”
When she saw the approving look Lucian gave her, Roxanne walked over to accept the gifts. Heartened by her gesture, Grant broke into a slight smile.
He subsequently gave the children a nod. “Kids, thank you. I'm really happy to be able to see all of you. Well, | think | should go now. You guys continue to have fun.” 
###Chapter 1954
Chapter 1954
Chapter 1954 I Will Make You Pay
As Grant departed, the three children stared at his leaving silhouette. The silence was quickly broken by Estella's question. “Daddy, Mommy, isn't Granddad pitiful?”
Archie and Benny corrected their sister immediately. “No, Essie. Granddad isn't pitiful because he has always treated Mommy badly.”
Estella responded with a thoughtful nod.
Lucian and Roxanne didn't comment on the children’s conversation, for they didn't feel the need to lecture them or shape their minds about the matter.
Instead, they respected the children's freedom to follow their gut feeling.
With that, the family continued playing camping games before leaving the park when darkness fell.
When Grant returned to his suffocatingly small apartment in a dilapidated neighborhood, he found Winnie playing on her phone and that she hadn't cooked dinner.
The sight triggered within him a sense of hatred for her.
His temper flared immediately. “What's the matter with you? Why didn't you prepare dinner? Do you think you're some rich housewife?”
His words elicited a vicious glower from Winnie.
“Why should I? I'm no longer your wife. Despite having five million in your hands, you didn't even save a single penny. How thick is that skull of yours? And what's this about me being a rich housewife? You're well aware of how | suffered together with you all these years. Now that your daughter is doing well, it's really ironic that you have fallen into such pathetic circumstances!”
Rage swelled within Grant after he was given a good round of tongue-lashing by Winnie.
“Why are you blaming me? Roxanne wouldn't have severed ties with us if you hadn't bullied her back then. Since you're in so much suffering, you're more than welcome to leave!”
“D*mn it, Grant! How can you kick me out after we're divorced? Do you even have a conscience? Let me tell you. Your son and daughter are on their way here right now, and they won't forgive you once they learn that you have divorced me. How dare you still want me to cook for you?”
The more Winnie thought about it, the more enraged she became. She had assumed that she would live a life of luxury after getting married to Grant. Little did she imagine that he would turn out to be a coward who was saddled with debt.
In a fit of rage, Winnie grabbed her phone, put on a pair of new high heels, and stormed into her room to start packing.
“Fine. I'll leave. Go ahead and have your father-daughter reunion with Roxanne. You can get some money and enjoy yourself with it!” Winnie's rants became increasingly aggressive.
Cowed into silence, Grant stopped her from leaving in the end.
“| told you that this is part of the plan. | have to make myself look pitiful, as this is what Mr. Crawford wants. That's how I'm going to get close to Roxanne. When | strike it rich after this, you'll be able to live the life you dream of, so please don't leave. I'll go get a personal loan for you to buy a new phone and some clothes, all right?”
Winnie's anger gradually dissipated after being assuaged by Grant.
At that moment, their old and broken gate let out a piercing screech, heralding the arrival of a female figure.
She wore a frosty expression on her face and was dressed in white office wear as she walked right up to Grant and Winnie.
The couple was briefly stunned before their eyes lit up in joy.
“Yuliana, you're back! My precious daughter, you're finally back!” Winnie scrutinized her daughter's outfit and quickly noticed the expensive necklace she was wearing. It looks like her life has taken a turn for the better.
As for Grant, he quickly averted his gaze, worried that Yuliana who ask about the divorce.
“Dad, Mom, have you seen Roxanne? That b*tch seems to have done well for herself. Yet, she didn't invite both of you to her wedding?” The anger on Yuliana's face was unmistakable.
Winnie nodded before relating what happened by twisting the facts further. While doing so, she mentioned Grant's visit to the children by accident.
Yuliana furrowed her brows intensely as she glared at her father. “Dad, what's the meaning of this? Have you no shame? She has severed ties with you. Yet you ingratiate yourself with her? | don't care if you have an ulterior motive for doing so, but I'm going to make her pay for what she has done to Mom!” 
###Chapter 1955
Chapter 1955
Chapter 1955 A Piece Of Trash
“Mom, get dressed quickly. I'm taking you to see someone distinguished!” After railing at her father, Yuliana lit up a cigarette and sat down impatiently to wait.
Winnie was briefly stunned before she hurried off to do as she was told. For her daughter to refer to someone as distinguished, Winnie was certain that person was really important. Hence, she had to make sure she wouldn't embarrass the former.
Throughout the entire episode, Grant was frowning as there was nowhere to vent his frustration. The reason was that his attempts to pay off his debts had caused Yuliana to lose her rich boyfriend. In the end, she couldn't even find a job and had to leave the country in search of better prospects.
All these years, Grant rarely interacted with his daughter. At most, he would get to chat a little when the latter was on the phone with Winnie.
Ashort while later, Winnie emerged from her room looking rather presentable.
Yuliana threw her a quick glance, and upon approving of how Winnie looked, she led her mother downstairs and got into a Mercedes-Benz.
The sight of the luxury car shocked Winnie, who knew it cost seven to eight hundred thousand.
“Yuliana, have you struck it rich?” The moment she entered the car, Winnie couldn't help running her fingers across its opulent interior.
Yuliana pondered a moment before replying, “I met a rich man in Gerton. Although he's a little old, he likes me a lot and is willing to splurge on me.”
“Age isn't important. Wealth is what matters in this era.” The excitement within Winnie was stirred.
With nothing further to add, Yuliana drove both of them to a five-star hotel. Upon entering the room, she took a shower and changed into a relatively sexy outfit.
“Mom, listen up. Mr. Ramos will arrive later to talk to you about our wedding. Remember to put on some airs and demand a dowry of at least ten million and two houses. A year and a half after our wedding, I'll start causing problems to get him to divorce me. As for the money, you have to keep it safe on my behalf.”
If not for Roxanne's success, Yuliana would have been satisfied with what she had. A tycoon from Gerton was rich enough to give her a life of luxury forever.
However, when she was being outdone by Roxanne, whom she used to trample upon, she felt the need to use the rich tycoon as a stepping stone to help her achieve her ambition.
Overwhelmed with elation upon hearing the instructions, Winnie railed at Grant out of the blue. “You and Dad got divorced?” Yuliana was infuriated upon learning the truth. “Yes, we did. Isn't it great? There's no need for you to care about him anymore. Going forward, both of us and your brother will
be one family. After all, Grant is nothing but a fool!” Winnie was filled with a sense of release as she no longer needed to depend on Grant.
“Fine. Divorce seems to be for the best. | never wanted someone like that for a father anyway. He's nothing but a piece of trash!” Yuliana sneered with narrowed eyes, for she had hated Grant for a very long time.
| didn't expect him to ingratiate himself with Roxanne. Has he forgotten how badly he treated Roxanne's mother back then? Thereafter, mother and daughter continued scheming as they waited patiently for David Ramos, the tycoon from Gerton. Meanwhile, Grant received a call from Jonas who wanted to meet up.
Grant hurried to a Chanaean restaurant to see the latter and reported his interaction with Roxanne and Lucian in detail.
An insidious glint flashed across Jonas’ eyes as spoke. “Good. You did well. Considering how broke you have been recently, here's a million. As for your creditors, don't give them anything anymore. Also, get yourself freshened up to improve your image. If anyone asks about the money, just tell them someone has given you a break by investing in you.” 
###Chapter 1956
Chapter 1956
Chapter 1956 She Is Just Like My Mom
The next day, Lucian accompanied Roxanne to the cemetery where she paid respects to her mother. As it suddenly began to drizzle, the cemetery was quickly covered in mist. With an umbrella in his hand, Lucian made sure Roxanne was fully covered even if it meant that half of his body would get wet.
Roxanne looked at the tombstone where a picture of her mother was embedded. It captured the first time she smiled vibrantly ever since she got seriously sick.
She could still remember how she rushed back home from school back then and saw how neatly her mother was dressed when she returned from a photography studio.
The beaming expression and the reluctance in her mother's eyes filled Roxanne with a sense of dread. True enough, her mother met her untimely end not long after that. Back then, Roxanne felt as if her world had collapsed. Her mind drew a blank, as the pillar of support in her life was now gone.
She couldn't even recall how many days she went without food and water. In the end, she held a simple funeral for her together with Grant in a detached state of mind.
Ever since the tragedy, Roxanne kept all her emotions to herself.
Regardless of the problems she faced in life, she would quietly hide away and let her wounds heal by themselves. She also swore that she would never forgive Grant for his unconscionable deeds.
Soon after her mother's death, Grant married Winnie and brought along Yosef and Yuliana into her life.
That was when all her troubles started.
Back then, Lucian wasn't aware that he was the beacon of light in the darkness that engulfed Roxanne's life. He had become the very reason she continued to live on.
After all, she was nothing but a lovestruck lass. Therefore, when coincidence somehow delivered her to the Farwell family where she married Lucian, she couldn't be any happier.
This was despite the fact that Lucian harbored no interest in her and only saw her as a lowly gold digger. However, fate worked in mysterious ways!
In front of her mother's grave, Roxanne softly related Grant's latest situation.
He has gotten what he deserves!
Lucian waited quietly by the side until his wife was done. After helping her back to her feet, he knelt down in front of the grave and declared, “Mom, you can rest assured that I'll take good care of Roxanne and the kids. I'll never let anyone bully them ever again. So please bless us from wherever you are up there.”
At that moment, a sense of warmth enveloped Roxanne as she smiled at her mother's picture.
“Mom, we're going off now. I'll come with the kids the next time. They've finally done it, once a month as promised. Aren't they just filial to their granny?”
Upon emerging from the cemetery, Roxanne no longer felt the sorrow of the past. Instead, there was a newfound sense of peace
within her.
“Lucian, do you trust Grant? | still don't trust him fully until now,” asked Roxanne softly as she leaned against Lucian's shoulder inside the car.
“My sentiments are exactly the same, but don't you worry. | won't allow him any opportunity to harm you or the children.” Lucian put his arm around her and pulled her closer.
Cayden, who was in the driver's seat, kept his eyes on the road and made sure not to look.
All of a sudden, Lucian answered a call from James.
“James said that Mr. and Mrs. Lann will drop by to visit the children tonight. They probably want to thank us for helping Mrs. Lann out the last time. From James' tone, it's likely that Mrs. Lann's condition has finally stabilized.”
While speaking, Lucian couldn't help admiring Roxanne for how decisively she resolved the matter the last time.
“That's wonderful! She has finally gotten over her problems. Mrs. Lann is such a kind person and resembles my mom a lot. The reason | managed to come up with that idea was that the situation reminded me of the past, making me feel as if there's something | can do for my mom.”
Thoughts of her mother began to fill Roxanne's mind. 
###Chapter 1957
Chapter 1957
Chapter 1957 Familial Relationships
Jones and Yennefer brought plenty of gifts, which included vintage red wine preserved for twenty years from Faulkay, Red Hibernia coffee beans that were extremely rare in the south, and expensive mushrooms harvested from the mountainous regions in Xendale.
Roxanne had never seen most of the items given by the couple. It was said that one catty of the mushrooms cost tens of thousands.
Roxanne was speechless as she listened to Sonya chatting with Yennefer. The gifts for this visit alone already cost almost a million.
In front of Elias and Sonya, Yennefer continuously praised Roxanne. She waxed lyrical about her impressive medical skills, good looks, and ability to manage such a large corporation in addition to giving birth to three adorable children. It made Roxanne seem like such a rare gem of a wife.
Sonya began feeling guilty and joined her in praising her daughter-in-law too.
Jones and Elias exchanged pleasantries and expressed their deepest regret for not attending Lucian's wedding. After which, Elias pulled his old pal along with him to taste the red wine.
Lucian and James leisurely sipped the various kinds of premium coffee on the second-floor balcony.
The relationship between both families was pleasant and harmonious.
Yennefer requested Roxanne to keep a lookout for any eligible young woman as James still had not found a wife. Roxanne pondered it over and decided that finding a woman good enough for James would be no easy task. She only had one close friend and was occupied with Jonathan. In fact, James was very well aware of that.
“I'm half joking, Roxanne! Just let me know if you ever come across someone you think might be suitable. Don't worry about it.” Yennefer hurriedly clarified when she observed the troubled look on Roxanne's face.
Roxanne nodded with a smile. “I'll head to the kitchen to help prepare dinner!” “What? Does your mother-in-law still require you to cook?” Yennefer eyed Sonya.
Sonya was taken aback and hastily waved her hands. “Of course not! Roxanne doesn't have to worry about that. There is a cook who has everything taken care of. She's merely thinking of whipping up several dishes as a treat since all of you are here.”
At that, she turned her gaze to Roxanne.
“My mom cooks mostly and often prepares soup for me. Her culinary skills these days are out of this world, and the truth is that I rarely cook.” Roxanne inclined her head.
Feeling relief that Roxanne had given her an out, Sonya beamed as she stood. “Let me do it. | recently learned a new recipe for a soup that will go well with the mushrooms you bought.”
With that, she went to the kitchen.
Yennefer gave Roxanne a sly smile behind Sonya's back. “That's more like it! She used to complain to me about how inadequate you were. It's payback time!”
Roxanne had not expected Yennefer to react so vehemently to the injustice that he had suffered.
Nevertheless, she still clarified, “That's all in the past. She treats me well now, and I'm certain we won't be at odds ever again.”
Yennefer nodded and discreetly admired Roxanne for being so magnanimous. There were rifts between other in-laws that could not be mended, even after a long time.
The two families shared a sumptuous meal where wine flowed freely, and the atmosphere was full of merriment.
Elias and Jones kept drinking non-stop until nine-thirty. Only then did James manage to get his father to go home.
When Roxanne returned to her room after tucking the children to bed, Lucian was still reading.
Lucian seemed to have thought of something as he marked the page of the book he was reading with a bookmark and close it. “There's something | need to tell you,” Lucian said solemnly.
Roxanne was putting on her moisturizer and nodded. “Go on.”
“| investigated that the Crawford family in the North has assigned a man called Jonas to Horington. He's been in contact with Grant and given him a large sum. | had a hunch that something was off when Grant kept trying to rub shoulders with us!” 
###Chapter 1958
Chapter 1958
Chapter 1958 A Frozen Smile Roxanne's heart fell as her pity for Grant was instantly wiped clean.
She forced a smile that was tinged with bitterness. "Well then, | guess his divorce from Winnie was just a ploy to garner sympathy. | wonder what his motivations are behind all these.”
Lucian nodded his head. Someone of his status would not care for someone like Grant. However, he was worried about Roxanne being upset over having such a father.
“Perhaps he's trying to get close to you now that you possess the wealth he desires.”
Lucian's words eliminated the need for further analysis of Grant's actions.
Roxanne felt so disappointed that she resolved never to give her errant father another chance.
One week later, Roxanne no longer frequented the research institute often, yet new medicine was being produced incessantly.
The pricing set by the medical company meant that they were suffering losses every month. Flora Verba Group flourished under James' leadership, whereby its profits kept increasing until it was sufficient to cover the cost it took to research the medicine.
The officials in the company had invited Roxanne to attend their commendation assembly multiple times and wished to crown her with several titles of honor, all of which she'd refused.
Harvey had taught her not to pursue pointless fame. He could have generated a fortune yet had chosen to remain a research professor.
On that day, Roxanne led Peregrine and several higher-ups in the research institute to the hotel. They were preparing to meet with a medical company from Adrune to discuss patent rights.
Although they suffered losses locally, granting their patent to an international company would help them generate more profit.
“The licensing fees will be calculated annually and will be around one billion for ten years, after which the other party will be able to freely use the technology to produce all six types of medicine without limit.” Linda gave a brief report to Roxanne while walking.
Then she led the team and held her head high while walking confidently, attracting the attention of the hotel guests.
The negotiation process was simple. She faced the snobbish representatives from the international company and insisted on the price she'd set no matter how hard they tried to negotiate with her.
She finally had a say after many years of complying with their terms while using their patent. At last, they relented and agreed to Roxanne's price. Both parties signed the relevant documents swiftly.
Peregrine lamented as they exited the hotel, “I remember once, during my years at the research center in the north, | needed foreign technology to save a patient. The foreigners intentionally withheld it from me, and | had no choice but to watch helplessly as my patient's life drained away. All they care about is profit and have no respect for ethics!”
Roxanne nodded. She'd heard of similar incidents from her mentor as well. “Roxanne, the truth is that many people overlook how brilliant and great a person you are. They may take you as a fool for having a non-profit-oriented research organization and medical company. However, you focus on the big picture. That is
something most ordinary people can't comprehend. I'm extremely blessed to have a chance to work with you on such a meaningful initiative.”
Peregrine was overcome with emotion.
The rest of the higher-ups in doing research and development echoed his sentiments as they nodded. They have never even dreamed of living a life of riches and glory when deciding to follow Roxanne as their leader. Yet Flora Verba Group had unexpectedly given them huge bonuses. Everyone present had gotten bonuses worth several million.
"| have to admit that I'm not as far-sighted as you think. | simply can't stand watching people in poverty suffer all their lives because of illness.”
That was indeed how she'd initially set her goal out to be. The drastic changes along the way had not been part of the plan.
Suddenly, Roxanne caught sight of a face that was familiar yet unfamiliar to her while she was about to step out of the hotel entrance.
Her smile froze.
She'd bumped into the person she abhorred the most, Yuliana. 
###Chapter 1959
Chapter 1959
Chapter 1959 Slap
Clad in designer attire with a heavily made-up face, Yuliana was adorned with gold and silver jewelry on her wrists, neck, and ears, exuding a sense of opulence and grandeur.
Upon laying eyes on Roxanne, she was momentarily surprised. However, she quickly regained her composure and arched her eyebrows, smiling as she strode toward her sister.
“Isn't this my dear sister? It's such a coincidence. We haven't seen each other in six or seven years, right?” Yuliana's voice was always tinged with a sarcastic tone.
Roxanne's expression was solemn, and her eyes reflected an indifferent attitude. She retorted immediately, “I heard you were a tour guide in South East Aploth. How did you suddenly fulfill your dream of becoming part of a wealthy family?”
Peregrine and Linda, standing beside her, exchanged surprised glances as they tried to discern Yuliana’s identity. Why would she dare to act so arrogantly in front of Roxanne?
Roxanne shot Linda a look; the latter immediately nodded and led Peregrine and the other executives away.
“How can | ever compare to you, Roxanne? | never imagined that Mr. Farwell of the Farwell Group would remarry you. You're the one who has achieved your dream by attaching yourself to a wealthy family. I'm nothing compared to you." Yuliana's words were full of sarcasm.
Without giving Roxanne a chance to retaliate, she continued, “Looks like having children brings many benefits. A responsible man like Mr. Farwell must have remarried you because of the children. | need to follow your lead, Roxanne!”
Agrim look crept onto Roxanne's face. As there was no one else around, she felt no need to be courteous toward Yuliana.
“Yuliana, you are still as sharp-tongued as ever! However, trying to provoke me with those worthless words is futile now. | guess you must be jealous. So what if | did marry into a wealthy family? | should remind you to check the current market value of Flora Verba Group. I'm now a wealthy woman in my own right! Do you understand?” Roxanne hissed.
Her quick-witted remarks shattered Yuliana's pretentious pride. Her face reddened with embarrassment as she clenched her teeth and gave Roxanne a cold glare.
“Don't get too smug, Roxanne! Life is long and unpredictable, and no one knows what will happen in the future. But one thing is for sure, in the past, you were nothing but a punching bag for me!”
Yuliana intended to flaunt her own superiority by bringing up past events, but to her surprise, Roxanne remembered everything vividly.
She shot Yuliana a ferocious glare and swiftly landed a hard slap on the woman's face. Slap! Yuliana cradled her stinging cheek and seethed with anger. “How dare you hit me?”
As she shouted in anger, she lifted her hand, poised to strike back.
However, she was caught off guard when suddenly, four to five figures surrounded Roxanne.
Those were bodyguards that Lucian had arranged to always be by Roxanne's side. They were ordered to follow her in public areas and remain alert, especially when she came into contact with someone unfamiliar. The sight of Roxanne taking action naturally made them vigilant, and they immediately appeared by her side as quickly as possible to ensure her safety.
As soon as Yuliana raised her right hand, one of the bodyguards swiftly grabbed her wrist while the other pinned her to the ground, leaving her no time to react.
Although their actions weren't too violent, they still caused a scene and attracted the attention of many onlookers. Yuliana felt utterly embarrassed as she was held to the ground before she even had the time to react.
She gritted her teeth and screamed, “What do you guys want? Aren't you afraid that I'll call the police? Roxanne, | can't believe you!”
Roxanne towered over Yuliana, looking down at her while saying in an icy tone, “Call the police? Sure, go ahead. Do you know how long | have been waiting for this day?”
After speaking, she bent over slightly and raised her hand to slap Yuliana's other cheek. 
###Chapter 1960
Chapter 1960
Chapter 1960 Foolish
Roxanne knew that she was losing control of herself and that her actions might really cause her to end up getting arrested. However, she couldn't care less. All the resentment she had been enduring for years could only be vented through slaps. Yuliana was in a daze after the second slap.
By then, the hotel security noticed that something was wrong. He approached them, seemingly to stop Roxanne's actions. Just then, an onlooker called out, “Isn't that Roxanne, the young mistress of the Farwell family?”
"Yes. | can't believe it's her! | didn't expect her to have such an aggressive side!”
“Hey, stop filming! There must be a reason why Roxanne slapped the woman. | bet she's evil.”
Following a hushed exchange between the onlookers, the security personnel exchanged glances and hastened to obstruct the onlookers’ view.
They didn't dare to get too close, as the hostile aura emanating from the bodyguards was intimidating.
"Please calm down, Mrs. Farwell. There are a lot of people here, and we're worried that it may affect your reputation,” urged the head of the security team.
Although his reminder calmed her down a little, she continued fixing her cold gaze on Yuliana. Over the years, Yuliana had subjected her to various forms of bullying and humiliation.
Yuliana had also verbally abused Roxanne's mother, claiming the latter was unworthy of love and inferior to Winnie. As if that wasn't bad enough, when Roxanne's mother fell seriously ill, Yuliana cursed her, wishing for her to die early.
Furthermore, Yuliana had also cut up several of Roxanne's favorite outfits and burned all the classroom notes that she had worked hard on for many years.
To make matters worse, she had purposely spread baseless rumors about Roxanne having a miscarriage while they were still in school, resulting in Roxanne being regarded with disdain by her classmates.
Yuliana never stopped bullying Roxanne. In the end, she even threw away Roxanne's mother's belongings after the latter passed away.
Back then, Roxanne did not have the chance to vent her anger. She could only suppress her hatred deep in her heart because Grant was biased toward Yuliana. Winnie also contributed to the bullying, and Yosef even resorted to physical violence.
Her entire family was devoid of conscience.
Yuliana struggled to get up from the ground while gnashing her teeth in anger, but she did not dare to act rashly again. Instead, she picked up her phone to seek help.
Her husband, David Ramos, should be arriving soon.
Roxanne remained calm as she waited to see how Yuliana would fight back.
“Honey, where are you? Hurry up and come over! | was beaten by someone!” Yuliana started weeping as if she had just suffered grievances.
Roxanne was curious about the identity of Yuliana's “honey” after witnessing the other woman's poor acting.
Unexpectedly, a few minutes later, Lucian arrived before David did.
Linda could sense Roxanne's anger before she left. Rationalizing that Yuliana was not to be underestimated, she decided to inform Lucian about what was happening.
Upon seeing the hatred in Roxanne's eyes, he went straight to her and took her hand, expressing his concern for her well-being. “Are you all right?” Lucian asked gently as he examined if Roxanne was hurt.
The woman shook her head and replied, “Lucian, this is that amazing step-sister of mine, Yuliana.”
Lucian's eyes narrowed into slits. It was clear that the mention of her name had triggered a deep-seated rage within him. Yuliana trembled with fear as she had never been intimidated by someone's glare before.
“So, you are the one who bullied Roxanne for so many years?” he asked in an interrogating tone.
Scared out of her wits, Yuliana came to the realization of how foolish she was to return to Horington and challenge Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1961
Chapter 1961
Chapter 1961 You May Scram Now
Yuliana's terror and shock outweighed the pain in her cheek. Her eyes showed fear as she spoke. “No, I'm her sister! She misunderstood a lot of things. Some were done by my mother, not me. Lucian, please don't misunderstand me!”
She was aware that Roxanne had the support of Lucian, so confronting Roxanne head-on would only lead to humiliation. Thus, she hoped that Lucian would spare her if she sounded aggrieved.
Lucian's face darkened when he heard her pleas, for he found her remark grating to his ears. “Who are you to address me by my name? We're not related in any way! My wife has never acknowledged you as her sister!” he declared.
Roxanne was similarly appalled by Yuliana's shameless behavior, and anger boiled within her as she snarled, “Listen, Yuliana. Even if we share the same last name, | don't have a sister like you. If you keep talking nonsense, I'll tear your mouth apart!”
The ingratiating smile on Yuliana’s lips froze.
Countless thoughts raced through her mind, but eventually, she clenched her jaw and caved in. “Fine. | won't call you by your name, then. Mr. and Mrs. Farwell, are you planning on beating me to death in public?”
Lucian was surprised to see how fast her attitude changed.
“Beat you to death? You don't deserve my time. You'd better stop scheming against my wife, or I'll make sure your life becomes a living hell!” Lucian warned, so annoyed that he almost felt like laughing.
He then shot Roxanne a reassuring look.
After thinking it through, Roxanne knew that it was pointless to slap someone like Yuliana. It was not like a few slaps could knock any sense into her.
Her fury slowly faded into thin air. A hint of arrogance flashed across her gaze as she gave a dismissive wave. “You may scram now, Yuliana!” That was the most humiliating moment in Yuliana's life, ever.
She was consumed by such intense fury that her heart was wrenching with anger. Gritting her teeth, she wanted nothing more than to tear Roxanne into pieces.
However, her last bit of rationality urged her to leave. Staying meant enduring more of Roxanne's slaps. In the end, she shot Roxanne a vicious glare and spun on her heels to hasten away. D*mn it, d*mn it, d*mn it! Roxanne, | won't forget this. | swear I'll make you experience endless humiliation and anguish!
After regaining her composure, Roxanne realized her adrenaline level had returned to normal, causing her to feel drained all of a sudden.
Seeing that, Lucian grabbed her arm so she could lean on him for support.
“Are you okay?”
Roxanne nodded and flashed a satisfied grin. “I'm sorry for losing my temper. When | saw Yuliana, all | could think about was getting revenge.”
“| understand. You don't have to explain anything,” said Lucian, silently making up his mind.
The security guards of the hotel returned to their positions after Roxanne got into the car, and the guests who were hoping to witness the unfolding drama were disappointed.
When Lucian drove Roxanne home, the children were there, too. Leaving Roxanne to spend time with the kids, he entered his study to give Cayden a call.
Lucian issued a cold command, “Listen carefully. Use whatever means necessary to ensure that Yuliana Jarvis never sets foot in Horington again.”
Cayden hadn't heard his employer speak with such seriousness in a while, so he responded promptly, “Understood. I'll take care of it immediately.”
After the call ended, Lucian emerged from his study composedly and joined Roxanne in playing with the children. 
###Chapter 1962
Chapter 1962
Chapter 1962 Explode With Rage
As night descended, Yuliana stepped out of the clinic and caressed her swollen cheek. The memory of the earlier events flooded her mind, causing her to tremble with rage.
Although Yuliana had registered her marriage with David, a wealthy businessman, they were only husband and wife in name, as he refused to come to Horington.
As such, she was busy instigating David to come to Horington to invest in a new company here.
Yuliana was under the impression that establishing a company like Flora Verba Group would be easy as the company seemed to be doing well under Roxanne's lead.
She had even started reaching out to some of the researchers from Roxanne's research institute, thinking that she could persuade them to join her new company with better compensation. Yuliana believed that as long as she offered enough money, these researchers would abandon their current jobs and bring their technology to her company.
Back at the five-star hotel, she strode to the front desk to order dinner to be sent to her room.
To her shock, the receptionist gave her an apologetic smile. “Greetings, Ms. Jarvis. I'm sorry to inform you that you won't be able to continue your stay at our hotel due to some special reasons. Please pack your luggage and check out as soon as possible!”
Yuliana was outraged after the initial shock wore off. “What do you mean? | have several thousand credits on my membership card! Why am | being denied a stay here? | can't believe you're trying to kick me, a VVIP, out! | demand to speak to your manager!”
No matter how furious Yuliana was, the receptionist remained unfazed and apologized again, her face devoid of expression.
In the end, two security guards came over, telling Yuliana to pack her luggage. They also informed her that if she refused to do so, they would be happy to help her.
Subsequently, the hotel manager came out and told her she would most probably be denied entry to every hotel in Horington. Yuliana was taken aback by the manager's words, feeling as if she had just been hit with a ton of bricks.
“Why is this happening? What right do you have to do this to me? I'm going to call the police!” she hollered, losing her temper.
The hotel manager's gaze turned dark. “Ms. Jarvis, I'll be blunt with you. You have been blacklisted because you offended someone you shouldn't have.”
Realization dawned on Yuliana. It's all Lucian's fault! He must've pressured them to do so. Clenching her jaw, she packed up reluctantly and left the hotel with her luggage in humiliation.
Ata loss, Yuliana dialed her wealthy husband's number in a panic, hoping he could help her out of the mess she had gotten herself into.
“Honey, I'm in a bit of trouble here. Can you see if there's anyway you can help me out?” she asked with a hint of coyness.
In the past, David would usually acquiesce to her requests whenever she used her coy charm on him. After all, he was an older man in his fifties who had a weakness for her flirting.
To her surprise, David replied coldly, “Buy a plane ticket and leave Horington tonight, or else our marriage will be over.”
Yuliana gaped incredulously. “Honey, what's wrong? Don't tell ,, - ? me...
Despite being based in Gerton, David was a powerful and wealthy figure with connections in Chanaea that he had been expanding in recent years. Yuliana found it hard to believe that he stood no chance against Lucian.
“Who do you think you are, offending the Farwell family? Are you trying to drag me into your mess? | can give you all the money you want, but if you try to harm me, I'll dump you instantly. Your body is the only thing that matters to me, so don't think you're indispensable! If you refuse to return to Gerton, you won't need to come back ever again. Keep the money | gave you.”
David wasn't naive. It dawned on him, albeit belatedly, that his new wife was nothing but trouble after receiving a call from the Farwell family. He was well aware that the Farwell family was a powerful entity not just in Horington but beyond, and he was in no position to make enemies with them.
After the call ended, Yuliana stood on the bustling street, allowing the chilly breeze to bite at her skin, Despite the cold, she felt her blood boiling with fury.
She felt as if she were about to explode with rage.
“Roxanne Jarvis, f*ck you! Just you wait! | won't forget how you humiliated me today. Calamity will certainly befall you and your children!” 
###Chapter 1963
Chapter 1963
Chapter 1963 A Little Sister
Despite her reluctance, Yuliana couldn't afford to lose David as he was her cash cow. She had no choice but to call her mother and inform her about the situation.
Winnie was consumed with anger upon hearing about the situation and couldn't stop cursing Roxanne.
"Yuliana, what should we do next? You should return to David's side. You're too easy to find here, and the Farwell family is a powerful enemy. I'm still here, and we'll find a chance to retaliate. There's no way we'd let this slide without putting up a fight! I'll make sure they get a taste of their own medicine when I have the chance to harm the three children!”
Winnie was currently basking in the luxurious life of owning two houses and dreaming of her prosperous future. Little did she know that Roxanne would stir up trouble at this very moment.
Not only did Roxanne refuse to acknowledge their stepmotherstepdaughter relationship, but she even had the audacity to target Yuliana, her precious daughter. Hence, Winnie would definitely avenge her daughter.
“Mom, | understand. I'll leave soon. When Yosef returns, tell him to keep a low profile and not provoke Roxanne. She's out for blood and will target anyone she can. We'll have our chance for revenge later. And forget about that loser, Grant. Leave him!”
The mother-and-daughter duo acted as if they were never going to see each other again.
Roxanne, on the other hand, knew nothing about their conversation. All she knew was that she was thoroughly disappointed in that family.
She had found a new family, one that could serve as her safe harbor and her source of support. Lucian finally breathed a sigh of relief when Cayden reported to him that Yuliana had left Horington that same night.
That night, Roxanne's stomach churned violently. It was unclear whether it was due to her agitation earlier in the day that her stomach was acting up. She ran into the bathroom and started retching.
Seeing how uncomfortable she was, Lucian patted her back gently and asked what she ate that day to cause an upset stomach. However, Roxanne lifted her head, her lips curling into a sweet smile.
Lucian was stunned for a brief moment before he understood the meaning behind her smile. A look of surprise crossed his face. “Really? Are you sure?” he asked urgently.
Roxanne gave him the side eye. "Don't forget that I'm a doctor!”
“Take your own pulse and confirm it!” Lucian could barely tamp down his excitement.
Roxanne shook her head as she splashed water on her face. “There's no point in doing that as it's too early to detect anything. But I'm pretty sure I'm pregnant. My period has been late for over ten days. Besides, | ate the same food as you today. There's no reason for me to have a stomach bug when you're doing fine,” she calmly stated her judgment.
Lucian's face lit up with a broad smile as he jumped up and down in joy, making a triumphant gesture with his hands.
"I'm so happy! This is great! Our baby is finally on the way. It took so long that I'm beginning to think something's wrong with me,” he said half-jokingly.
The next second, however, Lucian began worrying about Roxanne's busy schedule. He told her solemnly, “Once we confirm that you're indeed pregnant, you have to adjust your daily and work routine. | won't allow you to work too hard.”
Roxanne's eyes sparkle with joy as she obediently nodded.
It was possible for her to relax for the time being as the research institute, hospital, and Flora Verba Group were all managed by capable individuals.
| should take the chance to give birth to a baby boy! No, not a boy. A little girl would be better. Essie keeps saying she wants a baby sister and that she'll be an amazing big sister.
That night, the couple stayed up till the wee hours, excitedly chatting about their plans after the baby was born. 
###Chapter 1964
Chapter 1964
Chapter 1964 A Huge Fuss The following morning, under Lucian's insistence, Roxanne relented and allowed him to drive her to the hospital. Madilyn assumed that her superior was conducting a sudden inspection, so she politely invited both of them into her office.
She gathered her recent work records in a neat stack and handed them to Roxanne. “Boss, here you go. You should consider raising my salary!”
Roxanne rolled her eyes before murmuring that she might be pregnant again.
Madilyn’s jaw dropped wide open in shock, but she soon regained her composure and beamed in delight. “I'm going to have another godchild! That's great!”
She turned to Lucian and gave him the thumbs-up. “Congratulations, Mr. Farwell!" Pleased, Lucian smiled and bobbed his head gently. Roxanne pouted at his reaction. Why does he look so smug?
“So you're saying that you came here early in the morning for a checkup to examine the baby's condition? Why would you come to the hospital? You can use a pregnancy test strip. It is inadvisable to use equipment to check your pregnancy since you have only just become pregnant,” Madilyn told them.
Roxanne shot Lucian a pointed look. “See? | told you so, didn't 1? You didn't have to go to such lengths.” Lucian could only listen to Madilyn’s advice as she was the hospital director. Soon, the pregnancy test strip showed that Roxanne was indeed pregnant.
“Okay. Please take good care of my best friend, Mr. Farwell. If you're looking for advice on how to take care of her, you should make sure to attend the classes offered at the obstetrics and gynecology department every week. These classes will provide you with tips and advice on how to best care for pregnant women,” Madilyn promoted her hospital's services.
She was actually joking, but to her surprise, Lucian gave a solemn nod.
“Okay. Sign me up, Madilyn. From this week onward, I'll attend the classes to learn how to be a good father,” he promised.
“Are you sure?” Madilyn blinked.
Roxanne nodded in all seriousness. "I can vouch that he's telling the truth. You should charge him a high price for your services!” Thus, Lucian signed up for the classes and was required to attend two thirty-minute sessions per week.
After leaving the hospital, Lucian hopped into the car and began driving, his excitement palpable. He asked Roxanne if she'd like to visit the shopping mall with him, eager to begin purchasing items fortheir unborn child.
“Honey, you're already a father of three. This isn't your first time. There's no need to be this excited, right?” The man's reaction left Roxanne speechless, for she thought it wasn't necessary.
Lucian disregarded her and muttered to himself, “After buying new clothes, we must remember to launder them several times to ensure they are free from germs. Let's not forget to preserve a memento of the baby's footprint. Have you done that for Archie and Benny previously?”
Roxanne gave a helpless shrug.
When they arrived home, Jonathan's car was already parked outside.
They walked into the living room to see Jonathan boiling some water there. As usual, he was here to enjoy some coffee with Lucian.
“Jonathan, why are you free to pay us a visit today? | thought you were traveling?” Lucian asked. It had been a while since they last saw each other, so Lucian noticed some changes in Jonathan.
He appeared to be more at ease and more vivacious than usual. “Lucian, Roxanne, where did you go? | let myself in since you weren't around,” Jonathan greeted them with a smile.
“You don't have to inform us in advance. You can come whenever you want. | have stashed some premium coffee beans that | want to share with you. Let's have a taste.”
With that, Lucian headed into the kitchen. The coffee beans had to be kept in a cooling place to prevent them from going bad. 
###Chapter 1965
Chapter 1965
Chapter 1965 Go With The Flow After some time, the entire living room was filled with a faint coffee fragrance. Even Roxanne couldn't help drinking two cups. The coffee left a pleasant aftertaste in her mouth.
Lucian and Jonathan chatted idly, discussing many famous tourist spots and interesting cultural stories. Taking in Jonathan's current state, he seemed like a completely different person.
“Lucian, I've completely recovered, and | think it's time for me to return to work.” That was a decision Jonathan made after thorough consideration.
However, Lucian appeared unhurried after hearing that. He merely glanced at Jonathan and slowly lifted his cup to savor the coffee.
“Are you sure you're okay now?” he asked calmly. Jonathan nodded, the look in his eyes calm and peaceful.
“Lucian, | used to think that | was pressured into doing my job, but now it seems that the business industry suits me well and is the only place where | shine.”
That was what Jonathan observed recently. He once thought everyone was more or less pressured into progressing in life by personal gains.
However, ever since he became acquainted with Madilyn, her many qualities influenced him.
For Madilyn, the responsibility of being the hospital's director was not just a profession but more like a career she was passionate about.
Subsequently, Jonathan suddenly came to the realization that the medicinal herbs business managed by his family could actually help millions of patients too.
Those collaborations with Lucian also elevated the industry and provided many job opportunities.
Following those revelations, Jonathan finally laid to rest the ghost of all his doubts and dejection that had been bothering him for the past twenty years.
Taking in the determined look on Jonathan's face, Lucian was reminded of their younger days when they pursued their dreams with great motivation together.
“It's great that you have regained your confidence,” Roxanne said with a smile.
“Here's what we'll do. James is currently managing Flora Verba Group, and everything is going well there. You'll be in charge of Snuggly. In due course, we'll turn Snuggly into the country's biggest children's clothing brand.”
Jonathan agreed to Lucian's plan without hesitation. They chatted for a while longer before Jonathan took his leave.
Once he was gone, Roxanne immediately called her best friend to ask what exactly the latter had done to bring about such a drastic change in Jonathan.
Roxanne's question left Madilyn somewhat puzzled. “What did | do? | didn’t notice. I've been swamped, dealing with numerous patients from an accident in the past few days. | haven't been seeing Jonathan much lately!”
Roxanne was stumped and a little taken aback. She was under the impression that Madilyn must have provided Jonathan with some kind of encouragement behind the scenes.
“If so, how far has your relationship with him progressed?” she asked Madilyn in curiosity.
“Well, to be honest, there hasn't been much progress. We haven't even held hands,” Madilyn calmly explained. Then, she expressed her current state of mind. She believed in letting things happen naturally and didn't want to be too proactive or passive.
“I'll just go with the flow. I've stopped worrying about these things. Perhaps | don't carry enough weight in his heart. Speaking of which, Coralie came to the hospital recently to settle her previous medical expenses and asked me to return the money Jonathan had paid on her behalf.” Madilyn's tone carried a hint of fatigue.
Roxanne could understand the helplessness of being caught in an awkward position. Not knowing how to console or comfort Madilyn, Roxanne could only tell her to take good care of herself and not overwork.
“| got it. Bring the three kids over to my place when you're free. My mom won't stop talking about them. She learned many new dishes and wants the children to try them.”
Roxanne nodded and agreed.
With Madilyn always busy at work and Lorraine being a stranger in a strange land, it was natural for the latter to feel slightly lonely.
Hence, Roxanne figured letting the children spend more time with Lorraine would be a good idea. 
###Chapter 1966
Chapter 1966
Chapter 1966 Blessed
When the children returned from school, Roxanne told them that their godmother wanted to see them and play with them. All three kids happily agreed and waited for their godmother to pick them up.
Twenty minutes later, Madilyn arrived at the manor and brought the children away.
Roxanne discussed with Lucian, planning to inform Elias and Sonya about her pregnancy.
“Dad, Mom, Lucian and | have something to tell you,” Roxanne said calmly to her parents-in-law.
Upon hearing their daughter-in-law's solemn tone, the couple looked shocked, thinking something serious had happened.
In their opinion, there wasn't much their son couldn't handle, so if Lucian and Roxanne needed their help, that matter must be pretty severe.
Roxanne didn't realize that there was anything wrong with her tone either. Lucian, on the other hand, was all smiles when he looked at his parents upon entering the room. “Lucian, what happened?” Sonya asked anxiously.
Lucian and Roxanne exchanged glances, their excitement barely concealed. They then quickly asked Sonya and Elias to sit down.
"Dad, Mom, why are you so nervous? Roxanne and | want to tell you some great news!” Lucian couldn't stop himself from grinning.
Roxanne also noticed the tension in her parents-in-law's expressions and decided to cut to the chase. "Dad, Mom, our family may be welcoming a fourth child soon!”
"What? Really?”
Elias and Sonya were both stunned for a moment before exchanging incredulous glances. Immediately afterward, they beamed from ear to ear in utter delight.
“Roxanne, are you telling the truth? You're finally pregnant? This is such a pleasant surprise!” Sonya couldn't help clapping her hands. Then, she stood up in enrapturement, walked over to Roxanne, and held the latter's hand.
Elias was similarly overjoyed, scratching his head and asking, "That's great, so what should we do next? Sonya, you must start preparing nourishments for Roxanne!”
Sonya nodded vigorously. “Absolutely. That is a must. Roxanne, hurry up and write down everything you want to eat and drink. | can make anything you want. | can learn even if | don't know how to make them!”
Lucian had anticipated his parents to react in that manner.
"Dad, Mom, don't get too excited. I've already signed up for antenatal classes to learn how to take care of Roxanne during her pregnancy. Dad, you'll be in charge of the three children, while Mom will be responsible for the meals. Let's all be prepared to welcome the fourth child.”
Lucian was indeed the CEO of a large corporation, capable of even distributing household tasks reasonably and efficiently. Roxanne hadn't expected her fourth child to cause such a commotion in the family.
She felt a surge of bliss in her heart. This fourth child is so much more blessed than his or her older siblings.
With that in mind, she took the initiative to express her thoughts, “Dad, Mom, Lucian, | appreciate all the effort you'll put in.
However, there's something | want to remind everyone, including myself. We must make sure not to show favoritism toward this new addition to our family. We must treat all the children equally, not focusing too much on the fourth child and neglecting the other three. | think it's best not to make too much fuss regarding this pregnancy.”
Hearing their daughter-in-law's words, Elias and Sonya both nodded in agreement. Lucian was also startled, realizing that he could potentially make the mistake Roxanne mentioned.
Hence, he reminded himself inwardly to treat each child fairly. 
###Chapter 1967
Chapter 1967
Chapter 1967 When Did | Ever Say That
During dinner, Madilyn sent a video to Roxanne to inform the latter that the kids ate well. They all enjoyed the sumptuous meal very much.
Madilyn also reported what activities they had planned to do together. She was going to relax and play some mobile games with Archie and Benny. As she was so bad at gaming, she needed the two boys to guide her.
Estella, on the other hand, would be learning how to make perfume sachets from Lorraine. This was something Estella enjoyed doing as well.
“You know what, Roxanne? Every time my mom sees these three kids, she'll start badgering me afterward. | have no choice but to bring them over to distract her from her anxiety,” complained Madilyn.
Roxanne's three children were so outstanding that anyone who saw them would have the urge to snatch them away. Now, a fourth one was on the way. Madilyn could already imagine how Lorraine was going to nag her about starting a family once Roxanne's fourth baby was here.
“If | still don't make progress with Jonathan, there's a big possibility that I'll be forced to go on blind dates,” Madilyn said helplessly.
Though Roxanne wanted to comfort Madilyn, she figured her words of consolation probably wouldn't mean much since this had happened a lot of times already. She could only chuckle and say, “Don't be so pessimistic about blind dates. Who knows? You might meet someone you like.”
"That's enough. I'm going to play with Archie and Benny now. I'll send them back to you at around half past nine!” After Madilyn hung up, Roxanne suddenly recalled the past.
Many people would probably feel envious of her life right now, but none of them knew how she managed through those six years in Epea.
Just as she was deep in thought, Sonya's voice sounded from downstairs. “Roxanne, come downstairs! | made some really nourishing mushroom soup for you!”
Roxanne snapped back to her senses and smiled. “Okay. Coming!”
At the Xander residence, Madilyn was having the time of her life beating her in-game enemies under Archie and Benny's guidance.
The consecutive victories had her walking on air.
"Seriously, | always get put to rout when the two of you are not around to guide me. It's devastating!” Madilyn was deeply impressed with how well-rounded the two boys were. It was unbelievable how they excelled even in gaming at such a young age.
With their speed and reflexes, they were more than capable to become pro gamers in the future.
Just then, Madilyn's enemy sent her a message: Jenny, did you get an expert gamer to help you today? How impressive. | told you last time that | could guide you, but it seems like you don't need it anymore.
“Jenny” was Madilyn's nickname in the game. After reading the message, she checked the nickname of the sender and found it a bit familiar. They seemed to have been matched against each other a few times before.
The game would match players according to the location they picked, and Madilyn usually chose the default, which was the city she was in.
This meant that the player nicknamed “Ocean Blue” was also from Horington.
Madilyn remembered that he was quite good at playing. In the few times that she played as his teammate, they had won the matches.
Madilyn responded: Thanks, Blue. | just play games from time to time to relax. | enjoy the process and don't really care about the results.
The truth was, she'd get so pissed off whenever she lost that she would almost smash her phone into pieces. When Archie and Benny noticed Madilyn lying so outrightly, they exchanged glances and giggled secretly.
Ocean Blue immediately replied with an emoji with a mocking expression. He typed: Really? But | remember when you lost badly last time, you said you needed a mentor. Want to consider me?
Seeing that Archie and Benny were also staring at the screen, Madilyn let out a dry chuckle and waved her hands in denial. "This guy must have a messed up memory. When did | ever say that?” 
###Chapter 1968
Chapter 1968
Chapter 1968 On Cloud Nine
Madilyn felt somewhat embarrassed to be exposed by this player in front of Archie and Benny. Wanting to put Ocean Blue in place, she taunted: Blue, let's play a few more rounds. I'd like to see where you get that confidence of yours from. My godsons are with me today, so don't ever think of winning at all!
Yet Ocean Blue only sent a series of mocking emojis in return, which infuriated Madilyn. Nevertheless, he gladly accepted the challenge and changed the game format from five versus five to three versus three. He also removed the teammates randomly assigned to him and asked two friends to help him instead.
Benny swiftly looked into their opponents’ details and found out which characters they each mastered. “Archie, they're all skilled players, so it won't be as easy to beat them this time. We have to give it our all!”
Archie nodded firmly. Turning to Madilyn, he reminded, “Aunt Madilyn, you should be careful from now on. Don't be reckless, and try not to get killed repeatedly. That'll affect our team's overall performance.”
"Sure. I'll do whatever you say as long as we can defeat them!” Madilyn agreed readily.
Soon, the battle began.
The players from both teams utilized the best skills they had and launched the strongest attacks at each other. As Madilyn concentrated on the game, she felt adrenaline surging through her body.
Conversely, Archie and Benny appeared relaxed as usual, but they looked more focused than earlier. “Retreat! Aunt Madilyn, retreat first. Don't let them kill you!” ordered Archie, the commander of the team.
Benny was quick to act. Upon noticing that Madilyn was having a hard time retreating and that her health points were dwindling, he stepped forward and repulsed the enemy in an instant.
The match grew more and more intense. After being killed by Archie, Ocean Blue messaged: Both of you are indeed skilled players, but you'll be bogged down by Jenny!
Madilyn almost exploded in rage at his words, but Archie comforted her right away.
“Don't mind him, Aunt Madilyn. He'sjust trying to destroy our morale. He wants to disrupt our cooperation by distracting you.” Benny bobbed his head in agreement. He also complimented Madilyn and told her she was getting better at the game. Never in Madilyn's dreams did she expect that she'd be so moved by the consolation between two little boys.
“All right, I'll do my best to cooperate with you guys. I'll keep my emotions in check!” As Madilyn calmed down and got herself together, she started to see improvements in her skills.
To her delight, they won the first round.
The second round also ended in their favor, though it was a close call as their enemies’ teamwork was getting more efficient.
In the third round, Madilyn gradually got the hang of it and chose the supporting role in the game to assist her two godsons.
This setup was surprisingly effective. Unable to withstand Archie's and Benny's rapid and overwhelming attacks, the opponents were defeated sooner compared to the second round.
Following the victorious match, Madilyn was on cloud nine.
“Aunt Madilyn, | noticed that supporting characters suit you the best. You're very talented in that aspect,” Archie pointed out thoughtfully.
“That's right. Your move earlier was crucial! | initially thought our opponents would become more powerful in the third round, but | didn't expect our damage rate to soar like that when you began assisting us. It allowed us to win faster!” Benny exclaimed, showering Madilyn with praises.
Madilyn was elated. After all, it was not every day that she received praise from these two boys.
Meanwhile, their opponents stayed silent for a long time after the crushing defeat. Madilyn wasn't sure if they were conversing among themselves as they hadn't quit the game yet.
Sometime later, the deep and attractive voice of a man sounded. “Could your godsons be those two boys from the Farwell family? If they are, | gladly accept defeat. Is my guess correct?” 
###Chapter 1969
Chapter 1969
Chapter 1969 Did Not Want To See Me Madilyn didn't want the kids' information to be leaked on the internet.
As such, she shot them a look and shook her head before saying, “Don't answer him. You don't need to give an explanation. | had a lot of fun tonight, so let's end it here.”
The brothers nodded and proceeded to quit the game.
"You did great today, Aunt Madilyn. Your performance is several times better than before,” Benny praised.
A fuzzy feeling filled Madilyn when she heard the boy's sweet words.
On the other hand, Archie, who was more like Lucian, was seemingly deep in thought with a slight frown marring his brows.
After about ten seconds, he said to Madilyn, "Aunt Madilyn, you should practice using support characters in the future. It'd be better if you could become more deft when repositioning yourself.”
Thinking that his words made sense, Madilyn nodded her head in response. These two brots ore ot the top of their field no matter what games they play.
It was nine o'clock in the evening when Lorraine brought Estella downstairs along with a scented sachet that the girl had sewn for the first time.
With a serious expression on her face, Estella uttered, “Aunt Madilyn, this scented sachet's for you. If you have a favorite flower, you can sun-dry it and put it in. I'm sure it'll smell good!”
Madilyn took the scented sachet and nodded gratefully. “You're amazing, Essie! | can't believe you're able to sew such a beautiful pattern on your first try. Just like your brothers, you have exceptional talent!”
Upon saying that, she scooped Estella into her arms and gave the girl a peck on the cheek.
Looking at the three kids, Lorraine couldn't stop smiling. She felt envious of Sonya and Elias for having such wonderful grandchildren.
She muttered, “Maddy, when do you think | could have—”
Before she could finish her sentence, her daughter cut her off. “Stop it right there, Mom! You really need to stop nagging me every time you see the kids. |, too, would love to have kids, but it's not like | have anyone to have them with, you know.”
Sensing that her mother was about to start nagging again, Madilyn quickly took the kids and left, preparing to drive them back home.
To reward the kids, she stopped by a dessert shop and bought all of them some ice cream.
Taking big bites of her ice cream, Madilyn made sure to remind the kids, “Don't tell your parents about this, got it? Otherwise, there won't be any ice cream for you next time.”
In response, the trio agreed to it heartily with bright smiles on their faces. They were well aware that betraying their godmother would mean missing out on many delicious treats in the future.
After finishing their cold dessert, Madilyn leisurely drove the kids home and chatted with them along the way until they arrived at the Farwell residence.
"Mr. Farwell, all three kids are safely and soundly back home!” reported Madilyn. Lucian nodded and urged the kids to head upstairs, for their mother was already waiting for them to get in the bath.
Waving goodbye to Lucian, Madilyn got in her car swiftly and drove off before the former could react.
Lucian was just about to tell her that Jonathan was in the living room, sipping on some coffee while reporting his work. And here | was thinking of creating an opportunity for the two of them to interact with each other.
Upon driving out of the manor, Madilyn could feel complex emotions swirling about in her heart. Naturally, she had seen Jonathan's car. However, for some reason, she felt a bit apprehensive about seeing him lately.
What is going on with me? Ever since the incident with Coralie, Madilyn realized that her feelings toward Jonathan seemed to have changed.
She mulled over her feelings for a while and still couldn't seem to figure it out. Ah, forgetit. | should just go home and get back to playing the game. According to Archie and Benny, | should practice using support characters. Ugh... it's really distressing that | wasn't able to get my rank up for several seasons now.
Meanwhile, Lucian had just returned to the living room, only to see Jonathan busy checking the financial statements. “Jonathan, didn't you notice that Madilyn was here earlier?” Lucian asked curiously.
“Is she? Why didn't she come in, then?” Jonathan's attention was immediately distracted from work. He stood up and looked outside.
Lucian shook his head, indicating that he had no idea what was on Madilyn's mind.
After pondering for a moment, Jonathan's face fell, and he murmured, “Does she not want to see me?” 
###Chapter 1970
Chapter 1970 Enraged
When Madilyn arrived home, she was worried that Lorraine would start nagging again, so she quickly fetched a wooden tub and filled it with water before chucking in some powder that was made of medicinal herbs that were given to her by Jonathan previously. Subsequently, she presented the tub to her mother and urged her to soak her feet in it.
"You really should try to relax more, Mom," Madilyn said gently as she guided Lorraine to a comfortable chair. Lorraine sighed, but the warmth in her daughter's eyes made her relent.
"Alright, alright," she muttered, settling into the chair and dipping her feet into the warm, herb-infused water. Almost instantly, a look of relief spread across her face. "This does feel nice."
Madilyn smiled and sat down across from her mother. "You see? Jonathan knows his stuff. These herbs are supposed to help with circulation and relaxation."
Lorraine closed her eyes, letting the soothing warmth work its magic. "Jonathan, huh? He seems to be helping you a lot these days."
Madilyn felt a slight blush creep up her cheeks but quickly brushed it off. "He's a good friend, Mom. That's all."
Lorraine opened one eye and gave her daughter a knowing look. "Just a friend?"
Madilyn laughed lightly, trying to steer the conversation away from Jonathan. "Yes, just a friend. Now, how about we focus on you for a change? You've been working so hard, you deserve a break."
As they chatted, the tension from earlier in the day began to melt away. Lorraine shared stories from her younger days, and Madilyn listened, feeling a deep sense of gratitude for these moments with her mother.
However, as the evening wore on, the nagging thoughts about Jonathan kept resurfacing. Despite her attempts to push them aside, Madilyn couldn't ignore the growing feelings she had for him. The way he had been there for her, supporting her through thick and thin, had made a significant impact on her heart.
Later that night, after Lorraine had gone to bed, Madilyn found herself sitting by the window, staring out at the moonlit garden. She couldn't help but wonder what the future held for her and Jonathan. Were they destined to be more than just friends? The uncertainty gnawed at her, but she knew she couldn't force the issue.
The next day, as Madilyn went about her routine at the hospital, she couldn't shake off the lingering thoughts about Jonathan. During a break, she decided to send him a message, thanking him once again for the herbal remedy.
"Hi Jonathan, just wanted to let you know that the herbs worked wonders for my mom. She's feeling much better. Thank you so much!"
She hit send and waited anxiously for his reply. It came almost immediately.
"I'm glad to hear that, Madilyn. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to ask. Take care."
His response was warm and genuine, but it left Madilyn with even more questions about their relationship. She knew she had to focus on her work and her patients, but her heart was pulling her in a different direction.
As the day turned into evening, Madilyn decided to visit the children's ward. Spending time with the kids always lifted her spirits and helped her gain some perspective. The children's laughter and innocent joy were infectious, reminding her of the simple pleasures in life.
One of the young patients, a girl named Emily, tugged at Madilyn's sleeve. "Dr. Madilyn, will you read us a story?"
Madilyn smiled and nodded. "Of course, Emily. Which one would you like to hear?"
Emily handed her a book, and Madilyn settled into a chair, surrounded by eager faces. As she read aloud, she felt a sense of peace wash over her. These moments of connection and joy were what made all the hard work worthwhile.
After the story, as the children drifted off to sleep, Madilyn made her way back to her office. She found a small package on her desk with a note from Jonathan.
"I thought you might like these. They're some new herbs I came across. Maybe they'll help your mom even more."
Madilyn opened the package to find a selection of carefully curated herbs. She couldn't help but smile. Jonathan's thoughtfulness never ceased to amaze her. She decided to call him and thank him personally.
"Jonathan, thank you for the herbs. You didn't have to go out of your way."
Jonathan's voice was warm on the other end. "It's nothing, Madilyn. I'm just glad to help. How's your mom doing?"
"She's much better, thanks to you. I really appreciate it."
There was a moment of silence before Jonathan spoke again. "Madilyn, I was wondering if you'd like to have dinner with me sometime. No pressure, just... as friends."
Madilyn's heart skipped a beat. "I'd like that, Jonathan. I'd like that a lot."
As she hung up the phone, a sense of excitement and anticipation filled her. The future was uncertain, but for the first time in a long while, she felt hopeful about where it might lead.
###Chapter 1971
Chapter 1971 Emergency Situation
Having her good mood ruined by the disgusting man, Madilyn decided to stop playing and wash up instead to get ready for bed. She had several important surgeries to perform the following day, after all. As she stood in front of the bathroom mirror, brushing her teeth, she couldn’t help but replay the events of the evening in her mind.
Why did Jonathan have to show up like that? She thought. His mere presence had a way of stirring emotions in her that she wasn’t ready to confront. With a sigh, she splashed some cold water on her face, hoping to clear her head.
Once she finished her nighttime routine, she slipped into her pajamas and crawled into bed, pulling the covers up to her chin. As she lay there, staring at the ceiling, her thoughts drifted to the surgeries she had scheduled for the next day. Each one was complex and required her full attention and precision.
She had just begun to drift off to sleep when her phone rang, jolting her awake. Groggily, she reached for it, seeing the hospital’s number on the screen.
“Hello?” she answered, her voice thick with sleep.
“Dr. Madilyn, we have an emergency situation. A car accident victim just arrived, and we need you to come in immediately,” the voice on the other end said urgently.
Her heart raced as she threw back the covers and jumped out of bed. “I’ll be there in fifteen minutes,” she replied, already pulling on her clothes.
Within minutes, she was out the door and driving to the hospital. The streets were eerily quiet at this late hour, and her mind raced with thoughts of the injured patient. As a surgeon, she was used to dealing with emergencies, but each one brought a fresh surge of adrenaline.
When she arrived at the hospital, the emergency room was a flurry of activity. Nurses and doctors were bustling around, and the air was thick with tension. Madilyn quickly scrubbed in and headed to the operating room where the patient was being prepped for surgery.
Dr. Jacobs, one of her colleagues, met her at the door. “It’s a young man, mid-twenties. Severe internal bleeding and multiple fractures. We need to operate immediately,” he briefed her.
Madilyn nodded, her mind already shifting into professional mode. “Let’s get started,” she said, donning her surgical mask and gloves.
The next few hours were a blur of intense concentration and meticulous work. Madilyn and her team worked tirelessly to stabilize the patient, repairing damaged organs and stopping the internal bleeding. As the hours passed, the initial chaos gave way to a more controlled environment, and she could feel the collective relief as the patient’s condition began to stabilize.
Finally, after what felt like an eternity, they were able to close the incisions and transfer the patient to the ICU for monitoring. Madilyn removed her gloves and mask, feeling the exhaustion settle into her bones. She stepped out of the operating room, running a hand through her hair.
Dr. Jacobs approached her with a weary smile. “You did an incredible job, Madilyn. I don’t think we could have saved him without you.”
She offered a tired smile in return. “It was a team effort. Let’s hope he makes a full recovery.”
After updating the patient’s family on his condition, Madilyn found herself a quiet corner in the break room. She sank into a chair, closing her eyes for a moment. The adrenaline was wearing off, leaving behind a deep fatigue.
Her thoughts drifted back to Jonathan. Despite everything, she couldn’t deny that she missed him. There was a part of her that longed to talk to him, to clear the air and understand what had gone wrong between them.
But now wasn’t the time. She had patients to care for and a job that demanded her full attention. With a sigh, she pushed those thoughts aside and focused on the tasks at hand.
As the night turned into morning, Madilyn finally finished her shift and headed home. The streets were now bustling with early morning commuters, a stark contrast to the quiet of the night before. She pulled into her driveway, feeling the weight of the past 24 hours pressing down on her.
Inside her house, she went straight to the shower, hoping the hot water would wash away some of her exhaustion. As the steam enveloped her, she closed her eyes and let the water cascade over her, feeling the tension slowly melt away.
When she finally crawled into bed, the sun was already rising, casting a warm glow through her bedroom window. She knew she had only a few hours before she’d have to get up and do it all over again, but for now, she allowed herself to sink into the mattress and drift off to sleep.
In her dreams, Jonathan’s face appeared, his eyes filled with the same confusion and longing she felt. She reached out to him, but he was always just out of reach, a reminder of the unresolved emotions that lingered between them.
As she slept, she hoped that someday, she’d find the courage to face those feelings head-on and perhaps, find a way to mend the rift that had formed between them.
###Chapter 1972
Chapter 1972 You Were Right
Once Roxanne reached the hospital, she promptly took the patient's pulse before checking his breathing and pupils. After that, she read all the medical test reports. Ultimately, she concluded that it was a specific kind of viral inflammation that had spread all over the patient's body.
She furrowed her brows as she read through the lab results again. The virus was aggressive, attacking multiple systems at once. Roxanne knew this would be a challenging case, but she was determined to stabilize the patient.
Turning to the nurse, she said, "Prepare an antiviral cocktail and get the ICU ready. We need to isolate him and start treatment immediately."
The nurse nodded and hurried off to follow her instructions. Roxanne took a deep breath, her mind racing with the possible complications they might face. She was known for her calm demeanor in crisis situations, but even she couldn't help but feel the weight of responsibility pressing down on her.
As she walked towards the ICU, she was joined by Dr. Steve, a colleague who had been working the night shift. "Roxanne, what’s the prognosis?" he asked, concern etched on his face.
"It's not good," she replied, shaking her head. "The virus is causing widespread inflammation, and his organs are starting to shut down. We need to act fast."
Dr. Steve nodded, his expression grim. "I've never seen anything like this before. Do you think we can save him?"
Roxanne glanced at him, determination blazing in her eyes. "We have to try. Let's get to work."
The next several hours were a blur of activity. Roxanne and her team worked tirelessly to administer the antiviral drugs and monitor the patient's vitals. Every minute counted, and the tension in the ICU was palpable.
By midday, there was a slight improvement in the patient’s condition. His fever had begun to subside, and his vitals were stabilizing. It was a small victory, but a victory nonetheless.
Roxanne allowed herself a brief moment of relief before diving back into the work. She knew they weren’t out of the woods yet. The virus was still present, and the patient’s immune system was severely compromised. They needed to keep up the aggressive treatment and hope that his body would start to fight back.
As the evening approached, Roxanne finally took a moment to sit down and rest. She sipped on a cup of coffee, her mind replaying the events of the day. She couldn’t shake the feeling that something about this virus was familiar, but she couldn’t quite place it.
Just then, her phone buzzed. It was a message from Jonathan.
"Hey Roxanne, I heard about the case. You were right about the viral inflammation. Let me know if you need any help."
Roxanne felt a surge of warmth at his words. Despite everything, Jonathan had always been supportive and attentive. She quickly typed a reply.
"Thanks, Jonathan. We’ve stabilized the patient for now, but it’s still touch and go. Any insights you have would be great."
Almost immediately, her phone buzzed again.
"I’m on my way. Hang in there."
True to his word, Jonathan arrived at the hospital within the hour. He found Roxanne in the ICU, going over the patient’s latest test results.
"Roxanne," he greeted, his voice a comforting presence in the sterile environment. "What do we have?"
She quickly filled him in on the situation, showing him the test results and the treatment plan they had implemented. Jonathan listened intently, his sharp mind already analyzing the data.
"This is a tough one," he said finally, "but I think you’re on the right track. Let’s adjust the antiviral dosage and add in a broad-spectrum antibiotic. We need to cover all our bases."
Roxanne nodded, grateful for his input. Together, they updated the treatment plan and instructed the nurses on the new protocol. It was well into the night by the time they finished, but the patient’s condition had improved slightly, giving them a glimmer of hope.
As they stepped out of the ICU, Jonathan turned to Roxanne. "You did an amazing job today. You should be proud."
She smiled, a weary but genuine smile. "I couldn’t have done it without you."
Jonathan’s eyes softened. "We make a good team, Roxanne. We always have."
For a moment, they stood there in silence, the weight of the day’s events hanging between them. Despite the exhaustion, there was a sense of accomplishment and a renewed sense of partnership.
"Let’s get some rest," Jonathan suggested. "We’ll need our strength for tomorrow."
Roxanne nodded, feeling a sense of peace as they walked out of the hospital together. There was still a long road ahead, but for now, she was content knowing they were facing it together.
###Chapter 1973
Chapter 1973 Planned
The lab was slow to deliver the result, for it was a new type of pathogenic bacteria that had never been recorded. As it turned out, it was not a virus—it was a pathogenic bacterium.
The revelation hit Roxanne like a ton of bricks. She stared at the lab report, her mind racing. A new, unrecorded bacterium meant they were venturing into uncharted territory. The implications were staggering, and the pressure to find an effective treatment was immense.
She quickly gathered her team for an emergency meeting. Jonathan, Dr. Steve, and several other key members of the medical staff crowded into the small conference room, their expressions a mix of concern and determination.
"Everyone, we have an update," Roxanne began, holding up the lab report. "The pathogen is not a virus as we initially thought. It's a new type of pathogenic bacterium."
A murmur of surprise rippled through the room. Jonathan leaned forward, his eyes fixed on the report. "A new bacterium? That explains why the antiviral treatment wasn't as effective as we'd hoped."
Dr. Steve nodded in agreement. "We need to switch our approach immediately. Antibiotics, but which ones?"
Roxanne took a deep breath. "We don't have a lot of data to go on, but we need to start with broad-spectrum antibiotics. We'll monitor the patient's response and adjust as necessary."
The team quickly formulated a new treatment plan. As they dispersed to implement the changes, Jonathan stayed behind with Roxanne.
"This changes everything," he said quietly. "We need to be extremely careful. A new bacterium could mean unknown side effects and complications."
Roxanne nodded, feeling the weight of his words. "I know. But we have to try. We owe it to our patient and to the medical community to document everything we learn."
With renewed urgency, Roxanne and Jonathan headed back to the ICU. They briefed the nurses on the new treatment protocol and began administering the antibiotics. The patient remained stable, but the next 24 hours would be critical.
As the night wore on, Roxanne found herself in the hospital's research lab, poring over medical journals and case studies. She needed to understand as much as possible about this new bacterium. Jonathan joined her, bringing coffee and offering his insights.
"This reminds me of the outbreak we dealt with a few years ago," he said, flipping through a thick medical textbook. "We had to adapt quickly then too."
Roxanne smiled, grateful for his support. "Yes, but this feels different. There's so much we don't know."
They worked side by side, their minds in sync as they searched for answers. It was in these quiet moments that Roxanne realized how much she valued Jonathan's presence. Despite the professional challenges, there was a personal connection that had only grown stronger over time.
By morning, they had compiled a list of potential treatments and strategies. Armed with this new information, Roxanne felt a renewed sense of hope. They still had a long way to go, but they were making progress.
As the day progressed, the patient's condition began to show slight improvement. The antibiotics seemed to be taking effect, and his vitals were stabilizing. It was a small victory, but it gave the team the motivation they needed to keep pushing forward.
Roxanne took a moment to update the patient's family, explaining the situation and the steps they were taking. The relief in their eyes was palpable, and it reminded her why she had chosen this profession in the first place.
Returning to the ICU, Roxanne found Jonathan reviewing the latest test results. He looked up as she approached, a hint of a smile on his lips.
"You're doing great, Roxanne. We're going to get through this."
She smiled back, feeling a surge of gratitude. "Thanks, Jonathan. I couldn't do this without you."
As they continued their work, Roxanne felt a sense of camaraderie and partnership that transcended the immediate crisis. They were not just colleagues but friends and allies in the battle against an unknown enemy.
The hours turned into days, and the patient continued to improve. The new bacterium, while dangerous, was being contained, and the treatment was proving effective. Roxanne documented every step of the process, knowing that their findings could be crucial for future cases.
Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the patient was stable enough to be moved out of the ICU. It was a milestone that marked the beginning of his recovery and a testament to the team's dedication and expertise.
As Roxanne and Jonathan stood by the patient's bedside, watching him breathe steadily, they shared a moment of quiet triumph. They had faced an unprecedented challenge and emerged victorious, thanks to their combined efforts and unwavering determination.
And in that moment, Roxanne realized that no matter what the future held, she could face it with Jonathan by her side. Together, they were stronger, ready to tackle any obstacle that came their way.
###Chapter 1974
Chapter 1974 The Target
Madilyn froze.
If Lucian shared the same notion with Roxanne, then that was a highly likely scenario. Her mind raced as she tried to process the implications. The idea that she could be a target, that someone was out to get her, was both terrifying and infuriating.
She glanced around the dimly lit room, her thoughts spiraling. Why would anyone want to target her? What had she done to warrant such attention? And more importantly, how could she protect herself and those she cared about?
Lucian's voice brought her back to the present. "Madilyn, we need to take this seriously. If Roxanne's right, we could all be in danger."
Madilyn nodded, her resolve hardening. "You're right. We need to figure out who's behind this and why."
They spent the next hour going over everything they knew. Roxanne had already begun an investigation, and Lucian had pulled in some favors to get additional information. It was clear that this was more than just a random threat—it was calculated and deliberate.
"We need to be careful," Lucian said, his expression grim. "Whoever's behind this is smart. They know how to cover their tracks."
Madilyn agreed. "I'll reach out to some contacts in law enforcement. Maybe they can help us track down any leads."
As they continued to strategize, Madilyn couldn't shake the feeling that time was running out. They needed to act fast before whoever was targeting them could strike again.
The following day, Madilyn and Lucian met with Roxanne. She had been working tirelessly, gathering data and analyzing patterns. She looked up as they entered her office, her eyes tired but determined.
"I've found something," Roxanne said, pushing a file across the desk. "There have been similar incidents in other cities. High-profile individuals being targeted by an unknown entity. The attacks are always subtle, but effective."
Madilyn flipped through the file, her stomach tightening. It was clear that they were dealing with a sophisticated adversary. "Do we have any idea who could be behind this?"
Roxanne shook her head. "Not yet. But there are some common threads. Each of the targets had recently been involved in high-stakes negotiations or conflicts. It seems like someone is trying to manipulate events from the shadows."
Lucian frowned. "We need to find out who benefits from these attacks. Follow the money, follow the power."
Madilyn agreed. "I'll start looking into our recent projects and deals. See if there's anyone who stands to gain from our downfall."
Over the next few days, they worked tirelessly, combing through financial records, business deals, and personal connections. The deeper they dug, the more intricate the web became. It was clear that their adversary was not just targeting them, but orchestrating a much larger scheme.
One evening, as Madilyn was going over some documents, she received a call from one of her contacts in law enforcement. "Madilyn, we have something. There's been a break-in at one of your properties."
Her heart raced. "Which one?"
"The warehouse on 5th Street. It looks like they were searching for something specific."
Madilyn quickly relayed the information to Lucian and Roxanne. They agreed to meet at the warehouse to assess the situation. As they arrived, they found the place in disarray. Papers were scattered, and several boxes had been opened and rifled through.
"This wasn't a random break-in," Lucian said, his eyes scanning the room. "They knew what they were looking for."
Roxanne nodded. "We need to find out what they took. It could give us a clue about their next move."
Madilyn felt a surge of frustration. They were always one step behind. But she knew they couldn't give up. They had to stay vigilant, outsmart their enemy, and protect themselves and their loved ones.
As they sifted through the mess, Madilyn's phone buzzed with a message. It was from an unknown number. She opened it and read the chilling words:
"You're getting close. But you won't stop us. This is just the beginning."
Her blood ran cold. She showed the message to Lucian and Roxanne. "We need to be more careful than ever. They're watching us."
Lucian put a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "We'll get through this, Madilyn. Together. We're stronger than they think."
Roxanne nodded in agreement. "We need to stay focused and work together. We won't let them win."
Madilyn took a deep breath, drawing strength from her friends' support. They had a long road ahead, but she knew they were up to the challenge. Together, they would uncover the truth and bring their adversary to justice.
And no matter what, she was determined to protect her family and friends. The battle had just begun, but she was ready to fight with everything she had.
###Chapter 1975
Chapter 1975 Fastest Way to Acquire the Cure
Dressed in her nines, Christina lifted the corners of her lips into a cold smirk. Observing the impatient look on Coralie's face, Christina comforted, “Perhaps they couldn't handle it, hence why they would get in touch with the Centers for Disease Control so quickly. But that doesn't mean they'll be able to handle it well!”
Coralie paced the room, her frustration palpable. "We can't afford any delays, Christina. The stakes are too high. We need that cure, and we need it now."
Christina’s smirk widened. "Relax, Coralie. They may have the CDC on their side, but we have our own resources. I've already put things in motion to acquire the necessary components for the cure."
Coralie stopped pacing and turned to face Christina. "What do you mean? What have you done?"
Christina's eyes glinted with a mix of arrogance and confidence. "I've made contact with a black-market supplier who specializes in rare pharmaceuticals. They'll get us what we need, no questions asked."
Coralie's expression softened slightly. "Are you sure we can trust them?"
Christina shrugged. "Trust is a luxury we can't afford right now. We need results, and they're our best bet. Besides, I've made it clear that failure is not an option."
Coralie nodded slowly, her anxiety easing a bit. "Alright. But we need to stay vigilant. Any slip-up could cost us everything."
Christina nodded in agreement. "Don't worry. I've got everything under control. By the end of the week, we'll have the cure in our hands."
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Madilyn, Roxanne, and Lucian were working tirelessly to stay ahead of the crisis. They were unaware of Christina's underhanded tactics, but they knew that time was of the essence.
Roxanne looked up from her computer, a frown creasing her forehead. "The CDC has promised to send a team to assist us, but they're facing delays due to the bureaucratic red tape. We're on our own for now."
Madilyn sighed. "We can't afford to wait for them. We need to push forward with our research and find a way to counteract this bacterium ourselves."
Lucian nodded in agreement. "I've been in touch with some of our international contacts. They might be able to provide us with some insights and experimental treatments that we can test."
As they discussed their next steps, a nurse entered the room with a message. "Dr. Madilyn, there's a call for you. It's from an anonymous source. They claim to have information about the bacterium."
Madilyn exchanged a puzzled look with Roxanne and Lucian. "I'll take it in my office," she said, heading towards the phone.
Once she was alone, she picked up the receiver. "This is Dr. Madilyn. Who am I speaking to?"
The voice on the other end was low and gravelly. "That's not important. What matters is that I have information that could help you stop this bacterium. But it will come at a price."
Madilyn's heart raced. "What kind of price?"
The voice chuckled darkly. "Nothing you can't handle. Let's just say it will require a bit of creativity and discretion on your part."
Madilyn's mind whirled with possibilities. "Why should I trust you?"
"Because," the voice replied, "I have no interest in seeing this bacterium spread. Let's just say our interests are aligned, for now."
Madilyn took a deep breath. "What do you want in return?"
"Nothing that will harm you or your patients. Just a favor, to be named at a later date."
Madilyn hesitated, weighing her options. Finally, she nodded. "Alright. What do you need me to do?"
The voice provided her with a set of instructions and a location to pick up the necessary materials. "Remember, discretion is key. No one must know about this."
As the call ended, Madilyn felt a sense of unease. She knew she was walking a fine line, but the urgency of the situation left her with little choice. She returned to Roxanne and Lucian, her expression determined.
"We have a lead," she said, explaining the call. "It's risky, but it might be our best shot."
Roxanne frowned. "Are you sure about this, Madilyn? It sounds dangerous."
Madilyn nodded. "I know. But we have to take every chance we get. Lives are at stake."
Lucian placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "We'll back you up, no matter what. Let's do this together."
With their plan in place, Madilyn set out to follow the mysterious instructions. As she navigated the shadows, she couldn't shake the feeling that they were being watched. But she pushed those thoughts aside, focusing on the task at hand.
Back at the hospital, Roxanne and Lucian continued their work, unaware of the dangerous game Madilyn was playing. They trusted her judgment and knew she would do whatever it took to find the cure.
As the week progressed, the pieces began to fall into place. Madilyn's clandestine efforts bore fruit, and they were able to make significant progress in their research. The breakthrough came just in time, as the patient's condition took a sudden turn for the worse.
With the new information and resources at their disposal, Roxanne and Lucian worked tirelessly to administer the experimental treatment. The tension in the air was thick as they monitored the patient's response.
Hours passed, and slowly but surely, the patient's condition began to stabilize. It was a small victory, but it gave them hope that they were on the right track.
As they celebrated their progress, Madilyn received another call from the anonymous source. "You did well, Dr. Madilyn. But remember, I will call on you for that favor one day."
Madilyn's heart sank, but she forced herself to remain calm. "I understand. Thank you for your help."
The line went dead, leaving Madilyn with a sense of foreboding. She knew that her actions had come at a cost, but for now, she focused on the positive outcome. They had made a breakthrough, and it brought them one step closer to defeating the bacterium.
As she rejoined Roxanne and Lucian, she felt a renewed sense of purpose. Together, they would face whatever challenges came their way and ensure that justice was served. The battle was far from over, but with their combined strength and determination, they were ready to fight.
###Chapter 1976
Chapter 1976
Chapter 1976 Starlight Group
Roxanne turned to look at Lucian.
“It's Starlight Group in Hawen, Lucien!” she softly claimed. Immediately, Lucian’s face sank, and his brows scrunched up tightly.
At the sight of the couple's reactions, Madilyn was perplexed. “What is it? Is there anything special about Starlight Group? According to what | remember, that's the largest international trading company in Hawen, right?”
Lucian nodded. “You're right. But there's a big possibility they won't give us the antidote.” “Why?” Madilyn was still filled with puzzlement.
Gloominess rose in Roxanne's heart. “That's because the owner of Starlight Group is Mr. Goldstein. He's the man whom Christina is with currently. You know who Christina Patel is, right?”
Madilyn's jaw dropped upon learning the truth.
Christina? Isn't she the mastermind behind Elektra's incident?Also known as Aubree Pearson, who was ready to fight Roxanne to death and was once Lycian's fiancee!
"So, everything that has happened is a part of Christina's scheme again.” A vicious glint flashed across Lucian's gaze. He had been wary of Christina, but little did he imagine that she would play such a ruse. The current situation was just like a slap in his face!
D*mn it! That woman keeps showing up everywhere! And it seems like she's confident Roxanne would come over to help. She must've wanted Roxanne to got infected as well. But she probably doesn't know Roxanne is pregnant. Her ruthlessness has reached the point where she's even putting others' lives at stake!
Noticing how Roxanne and Madilyn were overwhelmed by panic, Lucian glanced at the screen and placidly uttered, “I'll resolve the matter over acquiring the drug for the bacteria. We won't need to get it from Starlight Group. Now, all you two have to do is to ensure those infected are in good condition. I'll need about an hour to settle it!”
Madilyn was dumbfounded.
Roxanne, too, was in disbelief. Even if Lucian gets the medication from Moranta's pharmaceutical company directly and uses the fastest flight to send them back, it's still not something he con resolve in an hour.
Nonetheless, having seen the confident look on Lucian's face, Roxanne suddenly had a thought in mind, and immediately after, a smile bloomed on her face as she nodded.
Madilyn's mind was in a mess, all thanks to the couple. How can they still be so relaxed and smiling away at this juncture? “I'll make a call now. It'll be done in no time!” With that, Lucian left the office hurriedly.
“Roxanne, what are you couple planning to do? Hurry up and tell me, or else | won't be at ease. There are already over twenty doctors and nurses who are infected. Including the two of us, we'll need a lot of medications!” Madilyn's heart was filled with uneasiness.
Roxanne chuckled. "Don't forget that | have a research institute! As long as we get the production process of the medication, | can ensure that my research institute will be able to develop a drug of similar effect within two hours. So, like what Lucian mentioned, we still have ample time!”
Clarity washed over Madilyn. Oh yes. Roxanne formulated the antidote herself when Jack poisoned her the other time. It was only with such assurance that Madilyn felt relieved.
Soon after, the Centers for Disease Control's personnel arrived at the hospital and looked for Madilyn to learn more about the situation. As such, she rushed to the conference room to give them a brief report.
By the time Lucian returned, he was visibly calm as if he had settled the matter.
“| spent three hundred million to get the information on the medication's composition. They'll send it to me in about fifteen minutes. By then, you shall inform Old Mr. Lomax's side to begin production. They won't need too much time for that. Anyway, | think | can say it now. | most likely got infected as well. | have the urge to cough too.”
Finishing his words, Lucian could no longer hold back and let out a few coughs.
“Lucian! Christina is honestly too vicious. | wish she could experience how it feels like to be severely ill! She has no conscience at all!” Roxanne spat through her gritted teeth. 
###Chapter 1977
Chapter 1977
Chapter 1977 Using Me Despite Roxanne and Lucian's guarantee, Madilyn still felt extremely pressured.
The atmosphere in the hospital was one of panic and confusion. People started gossiping and exaggerating the situation. Meanwhile, the hospital's landline was constantly ringing as the worried relatives of the patients called to check on their loved ones.
Many expressed their dissatisfaction with the hospital's lack of professionalism, and some even threatened to take legal action against the hospital's executive staff.
Some people went so far as to ask the hospital to move their relatives to another medical center. Upon being denied, they threatened to file a complaint against the hospital.
Not long after, some of the family members hastened to the entrance of the hospital. A few vehicles were dangerously close to smashing into the building, and the family members were venting their rage by hurling insults at the hospital.
Reporters were savvy and quick-witted enough to make their way to the hospital in order to document the chaotic scene that had unfolded.
“Leaders from the Centers for Disease Control, please allow us entry into the hospital to interview the patients! How grave is the condition that has necessitated the closure of the medical facility?”
“The families of the patients are extremely distressed right now. We need to learn the truth! Please allow us to conduct an interview with the hospital director, Dr. Marilyn Xander, and ensure that the public is appropriately informed.”
“The hospital's decision to not permit the transfer of their patients to another hospital has generated a great deal of controversy on the Internet. We kindly request that you permit us to enter the premises!”
From her office window in a building opposite the hospital, Christina watched the scene play out below with a satisfied smirk curling up the corners of her mouth.
“Roxanne and Madilyn have already been contaminated with the bacteria, and the only hope for their salvation lies with Mr.
Goldstein, who holds the key to the vaccine. It all depends on what terms and conditions Lucian is willing to propose in order to secure the life-saving vaccine.”
She let her joy take control and revealed her innermost thoughts.
Coralie was taken aback upon hearing Christina's words. She couldn't believe what she was hearing, and it took a few moments for her to regain her composure. "Are you talking about Mr.
Alphonso Goldstein from Starlight Group? Is that why you're here? You're not just trying to take revenge on Roxanne and Madilyn, you want to make a profit too. Was | just a pawn in your plan? | thought you were here to help me out!”
Christina kept her cool composure in the face of the accusatory words directed at her. She quirked her lips upwards into a sly grin and replied, “Ms. Crawford, it doesn't matter why I'm here, does it?
All that matters is that you get the outcome you desire. If there was a public outcry it would be disastrous for Madilyn as she could end up being removed from her role as hospital director, or even face criminal charges.
“But that doesn't change the fact that you had used me!” Coralie insisted, feeling incredibly uncomfortable at the revelation. The hospital entrance was a scene of utter chaos and confusion.
Without warning, a Rolls-Royce rolled to a stop and blocked the path of the crowd.
Everyone looked over to the vehicle.
Slowly, a figure emerged from the car.
It was Jonathan, dressed in a finely tailored suit that had been custom-made for him, and it gave him an impressive stature. His expression was grim as he walked, his steps light yet determined.
Somehow, he gave off an aura that resembled Lucian's.
He directed a sharp gaze at the crowd before raising his arm, gesturing for everyone to quiet down.
Much to the surprise of everyone present, the boisterous and raucous noise of the crowd died away at Jonathan's request. The reporters were quick to start snapping away at him.
"Hello, everyone. My name is Jonathan Queen. Please quiet down and listen to what | have to say.”
His voice, though not particularly loud, still managed to carry an air of authority. His determined poise was enough to put the family members at ease, and they waited to see what he would say.
After all, his clothing and vehicle implied that he was someone of significance and importance.
As the situation was under control, Jonathan grew confident and continued, “I am here today as Dr. Madilyn Xander's representative.
| would like to explain two matters concerning the recent emergency situation at the hospital. Firstly, | am pleased to inform you that the situation is under control, and we have devised a plan to have it resolved in the next three hours. Secondly, | am here to answer any questions you may have, and | ask for your understanding in controlling your emotions during this time.” 
###Chapter 1978
Chapter 1978
Chapter 1978 Mature And Reserved At the hospital's entrance, some nurses were helping the Centers for Disease Control maintain order.
Upon witnessing Jonathan's arrival to take charge of the situation, they recorded the entire thing and sent it to the hospital's group chat.
Madilyn could barely hide her surprise after watching the video.
Her heart began to beat rapidly and wildly as if it was going to burst out of her chest when she heard Jonathan saying that he was her representative.
Lucian must've told Jonathan about the hospital's situation. However, it was impossible that Lucian taught him to say that! Did he say that spontaneously?
The pressure that had been weighing on Madilyn's heart faded into thin air, leaving her feeling relieved and deeply moved by his gesture.
Lucian soon received a call from Jonathan, informing him that the situation had been brought under control. When Jonathan arrived, the reporters immediately recognized him and instead of publishing unreliable stories, they focused on the hospital's emergency handling measures.
Jonathan stayed at the hospital entrance, patiently fielding any questions that the family members had.
At the same time, Coralie was keeping an eye on the situation with a set of binoculars. She could make out every detail of Jonathan's expression.
/ can't believe Jonathan showed up to defend Madilyn!
Envy smoldered within her, its flames licking at her heart. She ground her teeth together as her expression contorted into a malicious grimace.
“Three hours? My men told me that Jonathan claimed they could solve the problem within three hours. That's impossible! Even if they discovered the existence of the pathogenic bacteria, bought the vaccine from Moranta, and had it shipped via plane, it would take more than three hours for the vaccine to arrive!” Christina's expression was as dark as thunder.
However, she soon figured Jonathan lied on purpose to placate the family members.
There is no way they can resolve our scheme in less than three hours. Not even Lucian can do that! She comforted herself before informing Coralie that she had to go back to Alphonse's side. Coralie's focus was on Jonathan, so she nodded and replied, "You just go.”
Christina gave Coralie a thoughtful look when discovered that the latter was making the same foolish mistake she had once made- devoting her entire life and energy to a man.
Once | depart, | will have no further involvement in the plan. As long as | return to Mr. Goldstein's side, even if | remain in Horington, no one con harm me, not even Lucian! Mr. Goldstein is not only the proprietor of Starlight Group but also has the backing ofHawen.
Indeed, Coralie's mood was affected by Jonathan.
The scene that she dreaded the most was witnessing Jonathan come to Madilyn's aid to help her solve the crisis.
Something told her that Jonathan had changed.
Previously, Jonathan had an adorable innocence about him as he was pretty straightforward. Now, his deep eyes were alight with wisdom beyond his years, tinged with a sense of reserved maturity that added to his overall allure.
What did Jonathan encounter in a short amount of time that made him change completely?
Coralie had no idea what had transpired, yet her affection for Jonathan only seemed to deepen, along with her envy of Madilyn. A few minutes later, Christina exited the elevator on the first floor to find that the hospital across the road was back to normal.
At the hospital's entrance, the nurses gently guided a handful of patients outside to explain the current situation to their loved ones.
“We're doing well here. Dr. Xander often visits us. It's nothing serious. Did you fall for someone's lie?” A patient was reassuring his family.
“Really? We're so relieved to hear that. We had heard about the bacterial infection going on and it had us all worried. Everyone was concerned, so we decided to transfer you to another hospital as a precaution. Thankfully it was a false alarm. We'll go visit you later when the hospital is open for visitors!” His family was delighted to learn that he was doing fine.
Following that, a few patients came out to meet their families.
Gradually, the crowd dispersed. 
###Chapter 1979
Chapter 1979
Chapter 1979 Captured Acruel smile spread across Christina's face, her eyes hinting at a sinister intention.
The crisis had been tamped down for now, but it was impossible to prevent the pathogenic bacteria from breaking out in just a few hours.
In six to eight hours, the pathogenic bacteria would spread rapidly, leading to numerous patients within the hospital becoming severely ill. This outbreak would not be contained, as the bacteria would continue to spread beyond the hospital walls.
So what if Roxanne is a capable doctor? Relying on traditional medicine alone is inefficient and even outdated. Acupuncture is just a psychological effect.
Having made up her mind, Christina grinned and sauntered out of the building to head to the parking lot.
No sooner had she stepped out of the door than a few figures began to creep closer to her at an alarming speed. “Confirmed. It's her. Get her!”
The leader of the bodyguards compared her to the photo on his phone and confirmed that this was their target.
Mr. Farwell gave orders that we have to capture her swiftly if we see her even if it means engaging in a physical altercation.
He came prepared this time, bringing along a large group of subordinates with him in order to ensure that their target wouldn't be able to escape as had happened in the past.
The leader soon realized that Christina was unaccompanied, so he quickly put on his guard.
In an instant, Christina found herself surrounded by five or six intimidating figures. She jolted with fear as her eyes widened in shock.
“You're Christina Patel!” the bodyguard who first approached her yelled out loud. Christina froze, but she quickly shook her head to deny it.
Alas, her expression had betrayed her. The bodyguards stood resolutely in her way, their faces stern and unwavering. She felt a chill run down her spine as she met their gaze, her heart pounding in fear.
Feeling completely overwhelmed, she had no opportunity to comprehend the situation and, without thinking, she quickly grabbed her phone.
/ must report this to Mr. Goldstein immediately! He's the only one capable of saving me.
Christina thought she was quick enough, but the bodyguards were even quicker. As they were veterans, their reflexes were incredibly sharp. Before she had the chance to use her phone, they snatched it from her hands.
“Who are you? What is going on? Someone, help me!” Christina could only scream for help, hoping to attract the attention of the bystanders.
Nevertheless, the bodyguards didn't take the time to even look at the spectators. Instead, they swiftly moved to strike her neck hard.
In an instant, Christina blacked out, and her body fell to the ground limply.
Before she could land on the ground, two burly bodyguards swooped in and lifted her up onto their shoulders, quickly carrying her to the safety of their waiting vehicle.
The leader, aware that a number of people had their eyes fixed upon them, was intent on avoiding any potential problem for their employer. Suddenly, an idea occurred to him, and he roared out with urgency, “Quickly, get her to the hospital! She has fainted!”
“This is my younger sister who suffers from a mental disorder. After a long and desperate search, we have finally found her, so we are now taking her to the hospital located just across the street.”
With that, the bodyguards brought Christina to the hospital across the street hastily.
Back in the hospital director's office, Lucian's phone began to ring. It was a call from the leader of the bodyguards.
He answered the call and placed his phone to his ear.
“Mr. Farwell, we've just caught Christina Patel!” the leader reported solemnly.
“Good. Bring her to the director's office!” Lucian ordered as his expression turned icy.
| was right. Christina is behind this.
Lucian knew Christina well enough to guess her next move.
She was the type of person who relished standing atop a lofty place to bask in her own creation.
Consequently, Lucian commanded his bodyguards to divide into three separate groups in order to secure the entrances of the three high-rise buildings that stood across from the hospital.
It was a random thought, so he didn't expect to capture their target so quickly. 
###Chapter 1980
Chapter 1980
Chapter 1980 Not Interested In Talking “We've captured Christina Patel!” Lucian announced casually.
Roxanne was fully engrossed in her conversation with Peregrine, discussing the particulars of replicating the vaccine, when suddenly she stopped mid-sentence, realizing that she hadn't heard what Lucian had said clearly.
Madilyn had heard his words, so she repeated, “Mr. Farwell said he has captured the culprit of this crisis, Christina Patel!”
“Old Mr. Lomax, if the problem is solved, please continue with the next step as soon as possible. We're racing against time here. More than thirty people had been infected by this bacterium in the hospital!”
After hanging up, Roxanne finally had time to digest Lucian's words.
“Darling, did you anticipate Christina's actions with your impressive display of foresight and crafted an intricately detailed plan to capture her?” Her awe of her husband was evidenced by the overly complimentary language she used in her expression of admiration.
Lucian's face was tight with tension at first, but he felt a wave of embarrassment wash through him when he heard Roxanne's compliments.
“Where is she? I'd like to give her a few slaps!” Madilyn felt her right arm trembling in anger.
“She'll be here soon. I've told my bodyguards to bring her here,” Lucian replied. He glanced at Roxanne, afraid that she would get emotional.
To his surprise, Roxanne seemed to have breathed a sigh of relief and had calmed down. “She has framed me countless times, and I'm finally getting to see her today,” she said calmly.
Madilyn exclaimed furiously, “Roxanne, you must take action and ensure that this woman is punished for her immoral behavior. She should be sent to prison for the hurtful and malicious things she has done. It's appalling that such a cruel person even exists in this world!”
Right then, the leader knocked on the door.
“Mr. Farwell, we're here!”
“Come on in!” Lucian ordered.
The door was pushed open to reveal an unconscious Christina.
At first glance, one would know she had undergone plastic surgery.
It was apparent that there were not many options for plastic surgeries in Hawen as all patients appeared to look the same after undergoing plastic surgery.
However, Roxanne immediately recognized that this was Aubree due to her figure.
After the bodyguards threw Christina unceremoniously to the ground, they straightened their backs, waiting for Lucian's order. “You may leave now!” Lucian waved his hands, and the bodyguards filed out swiftly.
Madilyn raked her gaze over Christina and muttered angrily, “Why is she unconscious? Is she putting up an act? Let me get some water to splash on her!”
Without hesitation, she hurried out of her office to get some water.
Roxanne felt a swell of conflicting emotions as she looked at Christina.
“Lucian, she has come into contact with us in this office. Thus, | believe she'll get infected with the pathogenic bacteria soon,” she suddenly declared.
Lucian gave a curt nod. “That was what | had in mind. Besides, she won't be receiving any treatment unless Mr. Goldstein has the vaccine with him at all times!”
His voice was calm, devoid of any emotion.
Christina had devised multiple devious plots against Roxanne in an attempt to end her life, which made him unwilling to see her as Aubree anymore.
Even if Lucian had not taken any steps to intervene, Christina would still be spending the remainder of her life behind bars. “To be honest, | don't think there's a need to talk with her anymore.
It's pointless,” Roxanne said truthfully, as she was no longer interested in talking to Christina anymore. 
###Chapter 1981
Chapter 1981
Chapter 1981 If You Apologize To Me Sincerely
Madilyn soon returned to her office with a pail full of water. Without hesitation, she poured the contents of the pail onto Christina's body, making sure to drench the latter completely.
“If killing isn't against the law, | would've poured a bucket of boiling molten iron on her,” Madilyn added. She glared at Christina viciously, waiting for the latter to regain consciousness.
Lucian and Roxanne waited with anticipation for her to stir, curious to find out how she would react to the situation. A few seconds later, Christina's eyes fluttered open.
Confusion rippled across her expression and she spun around, her eyes widening when she noticed Lucian and Roxanne standing there. For a moment, her breath hitched in her throat.
Alook of sheer panic crossed her face as she realized she was completely drenched. At once, she curled into a ball and retreated hastily. Conflicting emotions filled her gaze.
“It appears that you have outsmarted me, Mr. Farwell. Well, it's not surprising considering your intelligence was the trait that initially drew me to you.”
Christina's gaze was filled with intense loathing as she watched Roxanne holding tightly onto Lucian. Nevertheless, Roxanne wasn't afraid of her gaze at all.
She discovered that Christina dared not meet Lucian's gaze.
It was obvious Christina was trying to provoke them, but Roxanne wasn't in the mood to talk to her. It was simply not worth the time or energy to talk to someone like her.
Lucian ignored her and reached out to take Roxanne's hand affectionately.
Christina's pretentiousness crumbled upon that sight.
She initially planned to act as though she couldn't care less, but deep down she was still unable to truly come to terms with Lucian and Roxanne being in love with each other.
Madilyn demanded, “Christina, you were the one responsible for all of the chaos that occurred at the hospital, weren't you?” She was appalled that Christina had the nerve to act so cocky and self- assured.
Anger surged through her veins as she stormed up to Christina and delivered a hard slap to her face. The loud, sharp sound of a slap reverberated through the air, completely taking Christina by surprise.
She turned to face Madilyn. Ared mark was visible on her cheek, yet her eyes still sparkled with anger and defiance. She gave Madilyn an insolent smirk and stated in a challenging tone, “Yes, it was me. So? Are you surprised?”
“Surprise? Do you really think that taking the lives of more than a dozen individuals is nothing more than a surprise? Well, if that is the case, then | will give you a taste of your own medicine and show you what a real surprise feels like!”
Annoyed, Madilyn grabbed Christina's hair and slapped both her cheeks.
Christina didn't show any signs of struggling. Blood trickled down the corner of her lips, but she laughed out loud.
“Roxanne, Madilyn, you both must've been infected, right? It's fine. Even if you end my life right now, | will go with a smile on my face, knowing that the bacteria will soon take over your bodies and put an end to your lives.”
Seeing how smug Christina look, Roxanne gazed at her calmly as though she had gone crazy.
She started coughing as her throat felt itchy.
Lucian couldn't be bothered to look at Christina. He asked in a concerned tone, “Do you feel unwell?” He grabbed Roxanne's cup and handed it to her.
“| knew you've been infected. That means you've also been infected, Madilyn! As you both were in a confined space, there was no way for you to avoid it.” Christina grew elated.
She finally summoned the courage to finally look at Lucian. As she met his gaze, her expression grew placid and she uttered, “It's true that you are a proficient individual, Lucian; however, this particular situation is far from easy. I'm assuming you've been infected as well, so if you would be willing to apologize for your past transgressions, | might be able to assist you in obtaining the vaccine.” 
###Chapter 1982
Chapter 1982
Chapter 1982 Do You Still Not Believe It
"Christina, drop the act! I'm going to take care of my husband's infection. You've already been infected, and you're on your own now!”
At first, Roxanne was reluctant to speak out, but then she came to the realization that Christina was still intent on threatening Lucian even though she would be meeting her doom soon.
Her eyes conveyed a look of compassion as she reminded Christina of the situation. What a foolish woman!
In spite of the dire circumstances, Christina still managed to show a coy, contemptuous grin and firmly shook her head. “No way. You may be skilled, but you can't expect to develop a vaccine in such a short amount of time. If you want to make it out of this alive, you'll have to use me as a bargaining chip to get the vaccine from Mr. Goldstein.”
Madilyn couldn't hold it in any longer. She snorted icily and declared, “Ha! | knew you wouldn't believe it. | mean, look at us. We're both perfectly calm, aren't we? You should really think carefully before jumping to any conclusions.”
Christina was taken aback to hear that. She quickly raked her gaze over the three of them. Shaking her head profusely, she insisted, “No, that's impossible.
There's no way you could've done that! Even if the vaccine is flown in from Moranta, it won't arrive in three hours. You're just trying to delay time!”
“Delay? “Do you honestly believe that | would permit someone else to dictate terms to me and direct the course of my life?" Lucian's voice was laced with icy contempt.
Christina refused to believe either Roxanne or Madilyn, but Lucian’s words made her break down instantly.
Lucian exuded confidence, and he made sure that anything he said was achievable.
Roxanne is capable of creating a vaccine!
Astonishment struck her, and her heart was torn between a feeling of intense anger and an unwillingness to accept the situation. “It is clear that you are of no value to us,” Lucian said in a levelheaded manner, “and | am not going to let you go this time.”
“No! How did you do that, Roxanne? How could you possibly achieve that?”
Lucian's words had sealed Christina's destiny.
However, she still refused to give up and fixed her gaze on Roxanne stubbornly.
Madilyn shook her head and revealed, “Oh, | feel so sorry for you. We don't need to get the vaccine delivered from Moranta. As long as we know the production method, Roxanne's research institute has all the resources and capability to produce it. That will take less than three hours. It's time for you to give up now!”
At the same time, Roxanne's phone rang.
It was a call from Peregrine, so she answered it instantly.
“Roxanne, the vaccine is ready. It will be delivered to the hospital soon. How are you doing? Your condition didn't worsen, did it?” Peregrine sounded concerned.
“We're fine. You may deliver the vaccine here, but there's no rush. Safety comes first,” Roxanne instructed briefly before cutting the line.
She then gave Lucian and Madilyn a firm nod. “That's quick. It has only been over an hour!” Madilyn relaxed as she gave Christina an amused look. “Hear that, Christina? The vaccine is ready! Do you still not trust us?”
Christina was shocked by the news that she froze. It was as if she had just been struck by lightning. She didn't know how to react to that piece of information.
After what felt like an eternity, but only thirty seconds later, she slowly came to her senses and started to tremble uncontrollably. Her body felt so weak she could not even stand up and instead slumped against the wall, crouching down in the fetal position.
In a daze, she started muttering to herself. “I admit defeat. I've lost! In the end, | fail to avenge myself. Roxanne, | despise you! | curse you every day, but why are you so lucky? Roxanne, you should rot in hell!”
A few seconds later, she found herself overwhelmed by an intense, sudden surge of emotion and jumped up to lunge at Roxanne. 
###Chapter 1983
Chapter 1983
Chapter 1983 She Will Never Forgive Her
Thonks to his quick reflexes, Lucion wos oble to shield Roxonne behind him ond grob Christino by the throot ot the some time.
His long orms stopped Christino from getting ony closer, so she could only clow helplessly ot the oir, floiling her limbs while cursing under her breoth.
With o gentle shove, Lucion sent her tumbling bockword ond folling to the floor.
“| hote you, Lucion! | hote you so much! How could you treot me like this, Lucion? Hove you no heort? Hove you no conscience?” she shrieked ot the top of her voice.
Even Modilyn wos 0 little shocked by Christino's sudden hystericol outburst. She wos not expecting her to losh out like thot. “Hove you lost your mind, Christino?” she shouted ongrily.
“Hohoho! Yes, | hove! I'm modly in love with you, Lucion! | love you so much thot | would cut my heort out for you, but... I'm filthy now... Why would you be so cruel to me, Lucion? My fomily is ruined! You're just his ex-wife, Roxonne! I'm his fioncée! How dore you steol him from me? | will never forgive you, not even in deoth!”
As Christino shrieked, her expression olternoted between sodness, excitement, ond onger, which showed just how unstoble her mentol stote wos.
She wosn't even looking ot Lucion ond Roxonne. Insteod, her eyes were octuolly fixoted on the wolls ond ceiling oround her os she writhed obout in ogony.
Thanks to his quick reflexes, Lucian was able to shield Roxanne behind him and grab Christina by the throat at the same time.
His long arms stopped Christina from getting any closer, so she could only claw helplessly at the air, flailing her limbs while cursing under her breath.
With a gentle shove, Lucian sent her tumbling backward and falling to the floor.
“| hate you, Lucian! | hate you so much! How could you treat me like this, Lucian? Have you no heart? Have you no conscience?” she shrieked at the top of her voice.
Even Madilyn was a little shocked by Christina's sudden hysterical outburst. She was not expecting her to lash out like that. “Have you lost your mind, Christina?” she shouted angrily.
“Hahaha! Yes, | have! I'm madly in love with you, Lucian! | love you so much that | would cut my heart out for you, but... I'm filthy now... Why would you be so cruel to me, Lucian? My family is ruined! You're just his ex-wife, Roxanne! I'm his fiancée! How dare you steal him from me? | will never forgive you, not even in death!”
As Christina shrieked, her expression alternated between sadness, excitement, and anger, which showed just how unstable her mental state was.
She wasn't even looking at Lucian and Roxanne. Instead, her eyes were actually fixated on the walls and ceiling around her as she writhed about in agony.
She then started pulling at her hair and cupped her hands over her cheeks as she thrashed about violently, only to hit her head on the concrete wall next to her a few seconds later.
The loud noise sent shivers down Madilyn's spine. “What has gotten into her? Has she gone crazy?” Madilyn was clearly frightened by Christina's actions.
The look in Roxanne's eyes turned gloomy as she said, “She's unable to cope with the overwhelming shock, so her subconscious is creating illusions to help her escape from the pain. This may be a sign of hysteria.”
Christina continued slamming her head against the wall with an increasing amount of force until blood came spurting out of her head.
Madilyn was so taken aback by the gruesome sight before her that she didn't know what to do.
Roxanne did not expect things to take such a dramatic turn. “Madilyn, sedate her before she attempts anything crazier!” What happens to Christina is none of my concern, so | really don't feel like helping her. However, this is my hospital, so | can't just sit by and do nothing. If something bad happens, the whole hospital might get in trouble.
Lucian could seemingly read Roxanne's mind, for he walked up to the window and closed it.
After all, it would be bad for the hospital's reputation if Christina jumped out the window as a result of her hysteria.
Madilyn ran out of the office and returned shortly after with a syringe in hand. She then grabbed Christina's arm and injected the deranged woman with sedatives.
About thirty seconds later, Christina's eyes rolled back as she collapsed to the floor.
“Call the police, Lucian. We'll let them handle everything. She's involved with Elektra's case, so she's not getting away this time,” Roxanne said calmly.
Lucian nodded and called the police on his phone. Ten minutes later, the police arrived and took Christina, who was still unconscious, to a specialized hospital for suspects. Peregrine came over later with some medicine.
“Till give this a try and see how it goes. If nothing goes wrong after half an hour, we can distribute this to all the doctors and nurses,” Roxanne said. It was not the first time she had used herself as a test subject for her medication.
Lucian frowned when he saw what she was about to do. He snatched the pills out of her hand and popped them into his mouth. “| should be the one to test it. You're pregnant, remember?” he reminded her while caressing her tummy.
Peregrine froze in shock for a few seconds before congratulating Lucian, “Congratulations, Mr. Farwell! | have a feeling you'll be giving birth to twins this time! A boy and a girl!” 
###Chapter 1984
Chapter 1984
Chapter 1984 Stop Going Down This Path
The result of Lucion's drug testing come out holf on hour loter. Fortunotely for him, the drug worked reolly well ond cured him of his cough completely. However, it left him feeling incredibly thirsty ond coused him to sweot profusely.
“Here, drink some woter. The drug will stimulote your body's immune system to work together ond eliminote the virus,” Roxonne exploined while honding him o bottle of woter.
“Will it offect pregnont women?” Lucion osked, still worried obout Roxonne.
“No, it won't. This drug will be obsorbed into the intestinol wolls ond will be excreted within eight hours. It'll be fine!” Roxonne reossured him os she took the pills herself.
Modilyn followed suit before excitedly distributing the rest of the pills omong the doctors ond nurses. Just like thot, the sudden crisis outbreok thot storted in the morning wos finolly overted ot one in the ofternoon.
Jonothon opprooched the personnel from the Centers for Diseose Control ot the hospitol entronce ond updoted them on the situotion, prompting them to lift the restrictions on the hospitol. Still worried obout o certoin individuol, he then rushed bock to the director's office, only to see Lucion ond Roxonne hoving o sweet moment together.
“Lucion, Roxonne, ore you two okoy? Where's Modilyn?” he osked.
Lucion ond Roxonne smiled when they sow how onxious he looked.
“Why do you osk? Are you worried obout her?” Roxonne teosed him.
The result of Lucian's drug testing came out half an hour later.
Fortunately for him, the drug worked really well and cured him of his cough completely. However, it left him feeling incredibly thirsty and caused him to sweat profusely.
“Here, drink some water. The drug will stimulate your body's immune system to work together and eliminate the virus,” Roxanne explained while handing him a bottle of water.
“Will it affect pregnant women?” Lucian asked, still worried about Roxanne.
“No, it won't. This drug will be absorbed into the intestinal walls and will be excreted within eight hours. It'll be fine!” Roxanne reassured him as she took the pills herself.
Madilyn followed suit before excitedly distributing the rest of the pills among the doctors and nurses. Just like that, the sudden crisis outbreak that started in the morning was finally averted at one in the afternoon.
Jonathan approached the personnel from the Centers for Disease Control at the hospital entrance and updated them on the situation, prompting them to lift the restrictions on the hospital. Still worried about a certain individual, he then rushed back to the director's office, only to see Lucian and Roxanne having a sweet moment together.
“Lucian, Roxanne, are you two okay? Where's Madilyn?” he asked.
Lucian and Roxanne smiled when they saw how anxious he looked.
“Why do you ask? Are you worried about her?” Roxanne teased him.
Jonathan let out an awkward chuckle. “I'm guessing she's all right, then. That's good to know...”
“What are you doing standing around here? Go help her out in the emergency ward!” Lucian urged him impatiently.
Jonathan nodded and ran out of the director's office as quickly as his legs could carry.
Meanwhile, Coralie was staring wide-eyed at everything that was going on inside the hospital from the building across from it.
Roxanne was able to produce the medicine so quickly, and Madilyn is all right as well. Not only did they manage to avert the crisis at the hospital, but they also got the police to come arrest Christina! Thank goodness | didn't leave immediately, or | would've been caught by Lucian!
Shawn had a conflicted look in his eyes as he stood behind her. Coralie turned around to face her brother. Wearing a complex expression, she said sheepishly, “Thanks for rushing over and
informing me in time, Shawn. Had you arrived half an hour late, | would've gone downstairs and got caught red-handed by Lucian!”
“Give it up, Coralie. Jonathan doesn't have feelings for you. If you continue down this path, you'll end up just like Christina!” Shawn said softly.
Coralie fell silent when she heard that. There was a hint of reluctance in her eyes, but she knew that Shawn was right. “But | really like Jonathan!” Coralie protested.
“No, Coralie. This is not the same. Remember how you always wanted my toys when we were little? Well, this is no different. What you want is to prove your excellence and charm, but Jonathan is not a prize. Stop going down this path before it's too late!” Shawn retorted coldly.
Coralie fell silent and went into deep thought after hearing that. Later that evening, the police called Lucian and gave him a detailed explanation of Christina's situation.
Apparently, the psychiatrists at the hospital examined her after she woke up and confirmed that she was suffering from severe mental illness and required long-term treatment.
As for her criminal activities, the police would continue to collect evidence and prosecute her accordingly. However, she would not be given a sentence until she recovered from her mental illness.
The police even thanked Roxanne for warning them that Christina could be infected with the new bacteria. Otherwise, many more could end up being infected because of her.
“Mr. Farwell, she has started to develop symptoms of the new bacterial infection. | heard that Ms. Jarvis has already produced a drug that could cure those who are infected. Can Christina be given treatment as well?” the police officer asked politely.
Lucian shifted his gaze toward Roxanne as he explained the situation to her.
“Give it to her. It wouldn't be punishment enough if she were to die just like this,” Roxanne replied coldly. 
###Chapter 1985
Chapter 1985
Chapter 1985 Slow Down
The sky wos drizzling outside the prison eorly in the morning. Roxonne ond Lucion woited quietly in their Rolls-Royce until the lorge iron gote slowly opened.
Colby, still weoring his prison uniform, listened to the middle-oged prison worden's odvice. “Be o good person ofter you leove this ploce, ond don't moke ony more mistokes.”
He nodded, curling the corner of his lips into 0 relieved smile. “I will, Mr. Zogomi. When | find o new job ond eorn money, | will definitely come bock to visit you. Thonk you for olwoys helping me.”
“You're most welcome. You don't need to come bock here onymore. It's bod luck! Just get on with your life. Go on,” soid the middle-oged prison worden with o foint smile.
Colby ossumed no one would be there to pick him up, so he didn't poy ony ottention to the Rolls-Royce porked outside either.
An ostonished expression spreod ocross his foce when he noticed Lucion showing up while holding Roxonne's hond to help her get out of the vehicle.
“Colby, you're finolly out.” Lucion grinned slightly.
Initiolly, they thought they would hove to woit o few more months before Colby wos releosed. Unexpectedly, the lotter's sentence wos reduced becouse of his good behovior in joil.
The expression in Roxonne's eyes wos colm ond gentle. Hoving olreody forgotten post grievonces, she nodded ot Colby. “Hello, Mr. Gollowoy. Welcome bock!”
Colby wos utterly ostounded, for he hod never expected the couple to pick him up, let olone thot Roxonne would give him o chonce to return to the reseorch institute.
The sky was drizzling outside the prison early in the morning. Roxanne and Lucian waited quietly in their Rolls-Royce until the large iron gate slowly opened.
Colby, still wearing his prison uniform, listened to the middle-aged prison warden's advice. “Be a good person after you leave this place, and don't make any more mistakes.”
He nodded, curling the corner of his lips into a relieved smile. “I will, Mr. Zagami. When | find a new job and earn money, | will definitely come back to visit you. Thank you for always helping me.”
“You're most welcome. You don't need to come back here anymore. It's bad luck! Just get on with your life. Go on,” said the middle-aged prison warden with a faint smile.
Colby assumed no one would be there to pick him up, so he didn't pay any attention to the Rolls-Royce parked outside either.
An astonished expression spread across his face when he noticed Lucian showing up while holding Roxanne's hand to help her get out of the vehicle.
“Colby, you're finally out.” Lucian grinned slightly.
Initially, they thought they would have to wait a few more months before Colby was released. Unexpectedly, the latter's sentence was reduced because of his good behavior in jail.
The expression in Roxanne's eyes was calm and gentle. Having already forgotten past grievances, she nodded at Colby. “Hello, Mr. Galloway. Welcome back!”
Colby was utterly astounded, for he had never expected the couple to pick him up, let alone that Roxanne would give him a chance to return to the research institute.
On the way, emotions churned within Colby as he watched the rapidly passing scenery outside the window. Lucian had originally planned a lavish lunch to celebrate Colby's liberation.
However, Colby politely declined. “I've been eating plain and bland meals in prison, so it's not suitable for me to suddenly consume a sumptuous meal after coming out. That can easily cause indigestion and pancreatitis, which can be life-threatening.”
Roxanne nodded in agreement, while Lucian smiled and didn't insist.
“Thank you for picking me up. I'll report to the research institute tomorrow. Please send me to this address as | need to deliver a message for someone in the prison,” Colby piped up.
Lucian and Roxanne agreed. They also reminded him to change into a different outfit as soon as possible. After all, walking around the streets dressed in prison uniform would attract too much attention.
After sending Colby off, the couple returned to their car.
“He really missed out, but since I've already booked the restaurant, let's have our meal there ourselves.” Lucian's suggestion immediately received Roxanne's affirmation and support.
Lucian and Roxanne finally decided to pick up the three kids at the entrance of the art academy after strolling around for an entire afternoon.
Amidst the bustling crowd after school, Archie and Benny held Estella's hands on either side, ensuring their sister's safety as they exited the school.
The three children were thrilled because their parents would pick them up from school that day.
Upon spotting their parents from a distance away, they immediately quickened their pace.
“Slow down. Don't run,” Roxanne hurriedly reminded them, as there were too many people around them.
Lucian, on the other hand, moved swiftly and ran toward the children's location.
Just as he was about to reach them, several children suddenly emerged from beside Archie and Benny.
The kids had a clear target. As they approached, they reached out to push Archie and Benny, causing them to lose their balance and fall heavily to the ground.
Before falling, Archie and Benny let go of their sister's hand at the same time to prevent her from toppling over as well.
The boys grimaced in pain after hitting the ground. Their knees scraped against the cement floor, and blood came oozing out from the graze wound.
“Archie, Benny!” Estella cried out in fear.
Instantaneously, Lucian's pupils constricted, and his eyes gleamed with malicious coldness. He quickened his pace and strode over to his sons' side.
Subsequently, he trained his eyes on the few children who were trying to escape at once.
Colors drained from Roxanne's face as she was frightened by the scene unfolding before her. She hastily jogged toward her children as well. 
###Chapter 1986
Chapter 1986
Chapter 1986 My Children
“Archie, Benny, ore you okoy? Does it hurt?” Lucion helped the two kids up, his eyes filled with concern os he looked ot the blood trickling down their knees.
He wos enveloped in on intense molevolent ouro.
Estello olso rushed over to check on her two brothers. When she noticed they were both injured ond bleeding, her eyes immediotely reddened, ond teors threotened to foll.
“Lucion, don't let those kids get owoy!” While running over, Roxonne felt roge boiling within her chest. Those children obviously hormed Archie ond Benny on purpose. | cleorly sow there were four of them. Four ogoinst two, not to mention lounching o sneok ottock. Those kids ore simply evil to their cores!
Lucion kept his eyes glued on those four kids, ond he noticed they were trying to toke odvontoge of the crowd to flee.
As soon os Roxonne orrived, Lucion immediotely sprong into oction, quickly giving chose in the direction where the four children hod gotten owoy.
“Mommy, come ond toke 0 look ot Archie ond Benny!” Estello shouted helplessly. Roxonne's heort tightened. Upon reoching their side, she immediotely crouched down to exomine the boys’ injuries.
Fortunotely, the wounds weren't severe. They merely suffered from scroped skin ond minor bleeding. She quickly took out some wet wipes to cleon the wounds.
“Does it hurt?” Roxonne corefully checked for ony dust or smoll stones in the obrosions. “Mommy, don't worry. It doesn't hurt thot much,” soid Archie, hostily trying to comfort his mother.
“Archie, Benny, are you okay? Does it hurt?” Lucian helped the two kids up, his eyes filled with concern as he looked at the blood trickling down their knees.
He was enveloped in an intense malevolent aura.
Estella also rushed over to check on her two brothers. When she noticed they were both injured and bleeding, her eyes immediately reddened, and tears threatened to fall.
“Lucian, don't let those kids get away!” While running over, Roxanne felt rage boiling within her chest. Those children obviously harmed Archie and Benny on purpose. | clearly saw there were four of them. Four against two, not to mention launching a sneak attack. Those kids are simply evil to their cores!
Lucian kept his eyes glued on those four kids, and he noticed they were trying to take advantage of the crowd to flee.
As soon as Roxanne arrived, Lucian immediately sprang into action, quickly giving chase in the direction where the four children had gotten away.
“Mommy, come and take a look at Archie and Benny!” Estella shouted helplessly. Roxanne's heart tightened. Upon reaching their side, she immediately crouched down to examine the boys' injuries.
Fortunately, the wounds weren't severe. They merely suffered from scraped skin and minor bleeding. She quickly took out some wet wipes to clean the wounds.
“Does it hurt?” Roxanne carefully checked for any dust or small stones in the abrasions. “Mommy, don't worry. It doesn't hurt that much,” said Archie, hastily trying to comfort his mother. Benny also comforted Estella, “Essie, we're fine. We aren't afraid of shedding a bit of blood because we're tough guys!”
Roxanne led the children to the car. Then, she took out the medical kit from the vehicle and carefully disinfected the wounds, stopped the bleeding, and sprinkled some medicinal powder on the injuries.
That medicine could promote the rapid formation of scabs, specially prepared by her for the children's emergency use in case of bumps and cuts. It was very effective and wouldn't leave scars.
Before long, Lucian returned with the four kids while wearing a dark expression. There was no way he was letting any of them go.
“Archie, Benny. Take a look at them. Do you recognize these children?” Roxanne glared at the four kids.
“We do.” Archie and Benny nodded.
Then, they told their parents the four kids were in the same class as them.
Although students in the art academy could choose their courses freely, they still belonged to a specific class. The four kids, like
Archie and Benny, were all in the sixth class of the first grade.
“| asked them, and it turned out these four children targeted Archie and Benny because the two of them excel in various courses while they themselves are at the bottom of the class. They were jealous of Archie and Benny and took this opportunity to get their revenge.”
Lucian's voice was cold. He riveted his eyes on the tallest kid, who was the ringleader of the group, named Zaron Rynder. Following the incident, the parents of the four children quickly arrived. They appeared quite familiar with each other, even laughing and chatting as if they were used to their children causing trouble.
“That b*stard, Zaron, must've bullied his classmate again. D*mn it. Because of his behavior, | have to spend a lot of money as compensation every month.” Zaron's father appeared unconcerned.
All the other parents echoed his sentiments. After all, Dave Rynder was a man with high status in society.
The other parents’ children weren't qualified to enter the art academy in the first place, but they were admitted due to Dave's connection.
When the group arrived before Lucian and Roxanne, Dave was surprised to see his son acting submissively instead of carrying himself in his usual arrogant and insolent manner.
“Did you hit someone again? Whose child did you beat up this time?” Dave glanced at Lucian and Roxanne's appearance. It was apparent that they were wealthy, but he didn't seem to care.
His rhetorical question was laced with contempt.
Lucian's expression turned a few shades darker. He suddenly stepped closer to the corpulent Dave, his tall, slender figure towering over the other man.
“Your kid harmed my children, the scions of the Farwell family!” Raging hostility filled his voice. 
###Chapter 1987
Chapter 1987
Chapter 1987 Get Hurt For Nothing Dove wos token obock. “The Forwell fomily?” Since he hod just been tronsferred here from the north, he wosn't too fomilior with the hierorchy in the city.
Moreover, never in his wildest dreoms did he expect the fomous Lucion Forwell from Forwell Group to be such o young mon. To him, everyone in the business industry would hove to treot him with respect.
Still, the other porents recognized the three children. “Aren't these three children the geniuses who immediotely become fomous when they first enrolled in the school?”
“| think you're right. They're o poir of twins ond their odoroble little sister. It reolly is them! We're doomed. | heord thot their porents ore quite influentiol people.”
“T-The Forwell fomily? The most prestigious fomily in Horington, thot Forwell fomily?”
Dumbstruck, the porents stored ot Lucion ond Roxonne with feorful expressions.
One of them hurried over to tug Dove's orm, winking repeotedly, onxiously hoping thot the lotter would toke the hint. Dove wos bewildered. “The most prestigious fomily in Horington?”
Following thot, he met Lucion's piercing goze, ond his heort lurched in response.
“L-Lucion Forwell? Mr. Forwell?” Dove stuttered in disbelief. Though he held 0 pretty significont position thot even the school outhorities hod to show him some respect, he wos nowhere os influentiol os Lucion Forwell of Forwell Group.
Dave was taken aback. “The Farwell family?” Since he had just been transferred here from the north, he wasn't too familiar with the hierarchy in the city.
Moreover, never in his wildest dreams did he expect the famous Lucian Farwell from Farwell Group to be such a young man. To him, everyone in the business industry would have to treat him with respect.
Still, the other parents recognized the three children. “Aren't these three children the geniuses who immediately became famous when they first enrolled in the school?”
“| think you're right. They're a pair of twins and their adorable little sister. It really is them! We're doomed. | heard that their parents are quite influential people.”
“T-The Farwell family? The most prestigious family in Horington, that Farwell family?”
Dumbstruck, the parents stared at Lucian and Roxanne with fearful expressions.
One of them hurried over to tug Dave's arm, winking repeatedly, anxiously hoping that the latter would take the hint. Dave was bewildered. “The most prestigious family in Horington?”
Following that, he met Lucian's piercing gaze, and his heart lurched in response.
“L-Lucian Farwell? Mr. Farwell?” Dave stuttered in disbelief. Though he held a pretty significant position that even the school authorities had to show him some respect, he was nowhere as influential as Lucian Farwell of Farwell Group.
Scared senseless, Dave froze on the spot as he gulped nervously. “So, why did your son attack my two kids?” Lucian inquired through clenched teeth. His tone was frigid.
“I'm sorry, Mr. Farwell. My child was out of line. It's my fault for not raising my child properly. I'll make sure to teach him a lesson!” One of the parents who already came back to his senses immediately strode over to his own son and slapped the child.
Next, the other parents snapped out of their dazed states as well and immediately apologized profusely.
“Mr. Farwell, it was all my son's fault. I'll get him to apologize to your children immediately!”
“Mr. Farwell, it's my fault for not educating my son properly and allowing him to behave so outrageously. Hey, what are you waiting for? Hurry up and apologize to the Farwells! Are you deaf?”
Apart from Zaron, the other three children's parents punished their kids severely without showing any mercy, punching and slapping them to teach them a lesson.
The three children began wailing in agony, not understanding why they were being treated this way. Prior to this, nothing had ever befallen them when they followed Zaron's lead and bullied the other kids.
Zaron was stunned upon witnessing this scene. Puzzled, he asked his father, “Dad, all | did was push the twins. What's wrong with that? Dad, why aren't you saying anything?”
“You d*mn brat!”
Dave finally understood the principle of the saying “If one played with fire, one would eventually get burned.” Zaron's arrogance and domineering attitude finally led to his downfall.
Dave strode toward his son with the intention of punishing him like how the other parents were doing to their own children. He hoped that his actions of beating up his own son would appease the Farwell family.
However, he was unexpectedly stopped by Lucian.
Roxanne shared her husband's sentiment. Gritting her teeth, she said coldly, “Mr. Rynder, | don't like the way you're handling this situation. Do you think we'll overlook the matter just because you've punished your children? My sons were injured for no reason!”
Dave was momentarily at a loss for words. Terror filled his eyes as he hurriedly concurred, “Y-You're right! We should apologize and compensate you for what happened! Mrs. Farwell, right? | apologize for my son's mischievous behavior!”
“There's no need to apologize or compensate us, but we will be deciding how to punish the four children.” Lucian lifted a hand, silencing the clamoring parents immediately. 
###Chapter 1988
Chapter 1988
Chapter 1988 Respect Their Feelings Lucian turned around and went over to his three children before kneeling down to examine Archie's and Benny's injuries.
“Are you okay? Does it hurt? Tell me the truth.” The look in Lucian's eyes turned tender as he tousled his sons' hair affectionately before giving Estella a hug.
Archie and Benny exchanged a glance and nodded. “Daddy, it hurts a little!”
"| see.” Lucian smiled before asking, “Then how do you feel? Do you feel angry?”
Benny quickly answered, “Yes! I'm infuriated!”
Archie nodded in agreement, for they were indeed furious.
Pouting, Estella chimed in, “Daddy, I'm really mad too. | hate them for bullying Archie and Benny!”
Lucian acknowledged the children's feelings, and instead of comforting them, he asked in a solemn tone, “Then what would you like to do so you would feel better?”
The three children exchanged glances, unsure how to react.
Roxanne was touched upon seeing that. She understood what her husband was trying to achieve by guiding the children to express their feelings and intentions.
Growing up, the three little ones lacked paternal and maternal love respectively, but they had always been well-protected.
Hence, it was always the adults who handled the situation for them whenever something bad befell them. They never had the chance to make their own decisions.
Meanwhile, the other four children and their parents dared not make a sound. Dave, on the other hand, glared at his son furiously.
He was aware that he would be the one who had the worst of today's incident. After a long while, Archie nodded while wearing a determined look. “Daddy, | think | know what | want!”
Following that, Benny added, “Me too. I'm really mad. What right do they have to bully us? | won't just let this slide without putting up a fight!”
Blinking, Estella turned to Roxanne and said, “Mommy, | hate them!
| don't ever want to see them again!”
Upon hearing their children express their thoughts straightforwardly, Lucian and Roxanne exchanged glances before nodding. Then, Lucian directed his gaze at the parents who were cowed into silence.
“We'll give as good as we get. Since your children pushed my sons, my sons will now retaliate in the same way,” Lucian announced calmly.
Inwardly, the children’s parents sighed in relief. A punishment from kids should be harmless. Thank goodness.
However, Roxanne added, “You heard what my daughter said. So, I'll do whatever it takes to ensure that these four kids are expelled from this school!”
The children's parents froze upon hearing Roxanne's words.
But on second thought, our children were never qualified to enter this school in the first place. As long as our jobs and careers aren 't affected, we'll accept this punishment willingly. After all, we deserve this!
However, Dave's expression changed drastically. If this matter escalates, | don't think I'll be able to retain my current position. This d*mn brat!
Underthe watchful eyes of Lucian and Roxanne, Zaron and the other three children stood in a row, seemingly unfazed.
They did not think Archie and Benny were strong enough to actually knock them down.
However, Archie and Benny gained momentum as they charged forward and knocked two of the kids down on the ground, causing them to writhe and wail in pain.
Zaron and the other remaining child were terrified upon witnessing the scene before their eyes. They had no idea that Archie and Benny had learned some simple combat skills from their bodyguard before this.
Upon succeeding in their first attempt, the twins exchanged glances and grinned. They then took a few steps back before getting ready to launch another attack, totally forgetting about the pain in their knees.
This time, Zaron was Archie's target.
Sprinting forward, Archie crashed into Zaron's back like a tiny cannonball. The force he exerted was so great that even a dull thud was audible when their bodies collided.
Zaron fell to the ground face-first and shouted in pain. His nose was bleeding when he struggled to get up 
###Chapter 1989
Chapter 1989
Chapter 1989 Please Have Mercy On Me
"Ouch, it hurts!” Zaron burst into tears.
Dave felt sorry for his bawling son but dared not go over to help him up.
Upon seeing Zaron being thrown to the ground, the other children shuddered and gazed at the twins with fear.
When Archie and Benny returned to Lucian and Roxanne's side, they looked down at their own hands with uncertainty, shaking their heads as if they weren't sure if they had done the right thing.
While observing the expressions on their faces, Lucian knelt down and stroked their heads with his large hand.
With a calm look on his face, he said, “Archie, Benny, there are all kinds of people in this world, and you should reserve your kindness only for those who deserve it instead of using it on the wrong people. You don’t have to be nice to those who act rudely or unreasonably, and don't even bother to try to reason with them!”
Those words struck a chord in Roxanne's heart.
The two boys, who had been raised under her care, were gentle and calm in nature. However, they seemed to lack a certain sense of masculine energy.
If they were to continue to develop their personalities in that manner, she believed they would have a hard time surviving in the complex society they were destined to face as adults.
That was why she fully supported her husband's teaching methods. After all, he did not teach them to resort to violence but to respect their inner voices and learn to fend for themselves. He also taught them to not tolerate evildoers out of kindness and compassion.
Dave and the other parents stayed away from their children, watching them shriek and cry from a distance. These children finally got a taste of their own medicine.
In the end, Lucian looked at them and said icily, “You can leave now, but | don't want to see your children in this school ever again.”
He made it clear that the children would have no choice but to withdraw from the academy.
The outcome would remain the same whether they chose to leave the school voluntarily or Lucian escalated the issue to the school's management.
Those parents nodded right away. “Yes, yes. We know what to do. My son's grades are not up to par anyway. There's no point wasting money to keep him in this art academy. Thanks for being so forgiving, Mr. Farwell!”
“My son has always had a mischievous streak, but I'll make sure to educate him to become a better person after this. Thank you, Mr. Farwell!” another parent echoed.
“Mr. Farwell, we'll be leaving with our kids now. What happened today is entirely our fault,” another person added. Relieved, the parents then scampered away with their three children in tow. Dave knew he could not leave because Lucian still had some unfinished business with him.
Lucian arched his brow, and a sarcastic smile curved his lips. He glanced at Dave and said, “Mr. Rynder, looks like you're a man with considerable power and influence. | wouldn't be surprised if some ofyour assets were obtained through less than legal means. Shall | bring this to the attention of the Central Discipline Inspection Committee?”
Dave's face turned pale in an instant.
He knew Lucian would not let him off so easily, but he did not expect the man would be so ruthless.
Yet, he did not have the courage to fight back. After coming to his senses, he began to tear up and begged for Lucian's forgiveness. “Mr. Farwell, it's all my fault. I'm arrogant, and I'm not a good parent. | failed to teach my son properly, but I'll do my best to become a better person. You can punish me however you want, but please don't make me lose my job!”
Lucian knitted his browsand shot daggers at him. He wouldn't have acknowledged his mistakes had he not bumped into me. And there's a high chance he would allow his son to grow up to become an overbearing bully.
Lucian did not bother to pay attention to him and wasn't intending to show any mercy even if the man were to kneel before him. Instead, he squatted down, carried Archie and Benny in his arms, and nodded at Roxanne.
Roxanne then carried Estella before the family of five walked toward the school gate together. Behind them, Dave continued imploring loudly, “Mr. Farwell, please have mercy on me! Mr. Farwell...”
Not long after, they heard Dave venting his frustration by beating Zaron, causing the latter to scream in pain. 
###Chapter 1990
Chapter 1990
Chapter 1990 Drastic Changes
By the time Lucian and his family returned to the manor, Cayden called and said, “Mr. Farwell, I've gathered evidence of Dave Rynder's corrupt practices and handed it over to the authorities. He'll probably be dismissed soon!”
Lucian felt there was no point in showing Dave mercy since he had no desire to see the latter's disgusting face again. After stopping the car, Lucian got down and carried the two boys into the house.
Roxanne, too, carried Estella like how Lucian did. Upon seeing that, Sonya could not help but mutter, “You kids are old enough to walk on your own. Why do you still need your daddy and mommy to carry you?”
Elias immediately noticed the injuries on Archie and Benny's knees. He walked up and checked on them. “What happened? Did they fall?”
"Dad, they're fine. I've treated their wounds. They should recover in two days,” Roxanne responded while putting Estella down.
The little girl ran over to check on the boys and was surprised. “Mommy, the medicine is really effective! Their wounds are already healing!”
Sonya hurried over and checked on Archie and Benny when she learned that Lucian was only carrying them because they were injured.
She and Elias were relieved after confirming that their grandchildren's injuries were not serious.
“Archie, Benny, injuries on knees might take time to heal, so make sure you walk less and avoid getting the wounds wet!” Roxanne reminded. The boys bobbed their heads in response.
Not long after dinner, Jonathan arrived at the manor with Madilyn in his car.
Their unexpected visit took Lucian and Roxanne by surprise.
“Y-You two...” Roxanne glanced at Jonathan before turning her attention to Madilyn. They're well-dressed today.
Clad in a pair of casual clothes and abandoning his usual stiff demeanor, Jonathan looked more mature and dignified. Madilyn, on the other hand, wore a dress that accentuated her curves and enhanced her charm.
Even Lucian could not help praising Jonathan, “Jonathan, the way you dress today reminds me of my charming young self.” The other three people exchanged glances. How old is he? Why is he talking like an old man?
However, the question Roxanne asked next instantly made them feel awkward. “Are you two on a date today?”
Hearing that, Jonathan appeared flustered. He bounced up from his seat as soon as he sat down before stealing a glance at Madilyn.
Madilyn behaved just as nervous as if someone had exposed their secret. Her face turned crimson red almost instantly, and she glared at Roxanne.
“N-No, no, no, no, no...” Both Jonathan and Madilyn denied it simultaneously.
Lucian sighed inwardly. It's so obvious they're hiding something from us!
Amused, Roxanne smirked as she watched them blush and panic, finding their reaction quite amusing.
“| just bought him dinner to thank him for his help at the hospital. That's all!” Madilyn was still busy explaining while Jonathan had quietened down.
“Lucian, Roxanne, we made a trip over here because my family found some exquisite herbs when they went to Xandenia to procure medicinal herbs. Since Roxanne is pregnant, I'm sure these exquisite herbs can supplement her nutrition,” Jonathan explained the reason for their visit while Madilyn inclined her head in agreement.
“That's very thoughtful of you, Jonathan. You seem to have changed a lot lately. Did something happen?” Roxanne asked out of curiosity.
Ever since Jonathan returned to work, his demeanor did a one- eighty for mysterious reasons. He was like a completely different person, and even his mannerisms had changed drastically.
Lucian remained composed but perked up his ears, eager to hear what Jonathan had to say 
###Chapter 1991
Chapter 1991
Chapter 1991 | Had A Part In Its Creation Even after pondering for some time, Jonathan did not know how to answer that question.
He shook his head, then looked at Lucian and Roxanne in confusion. “Have | changed? Why don't | feel any different? All | know is that | feel like changing my clothes now.”
Such a response made the couple change their minds. Jonathan had not changed much after all and was still as blunt as ever.
Needless to say, Roxanne also noticed that Madilyn kept sneaking glances at Jonathan. / can practically see the stars shining in her eyes.
Meanwhile, Jonathan immediately returned to his car and brought out the medicinal herbs. Lucian nodded and thanked him with a smile. “That's so thoughtful of you.” Roxanne knew the medicinal herbs were valuable at first glance. They were the kind that not even money could buy.
“These are all safe to be consumed during pregnancy. These must've been your recommendations, am | right?” Roxanne asked while looking at Madilyn. Jonathan maybe familiar with the places of origin and prices of many medicinal herbs and can identify them, but he doesn't necessarily know much about their specific effects.
This time, Madilyn admitted to it openly. “You're right. Although Jonathan knows they're supplements, he isn't aware of their contraindications. He previously sent my mom a ton of herbs suitable for consumption during pregnancy. Because of that, she kept urging me to get pregnant, saying they would come in handy if | do!”
Jonathan scratched his head and smiled sheepishly at the mention of that embarrassing incident.
It also quickly dawned on Madilyn that she should not have brought it up because right after that, Roxanne began teasing her relentlessly. “Well, she's not wrong. You can take them if you're pregnant. If you get pregnant in the future, | bet Jonathan will obtain all sorts of supplements for you!”
| haven't even expressed my feelings to him, but here she is, trying to let the cot out of the bag! Madilyn panicked instantly and shot Roxanne a pleading look, begging the latter not to say too much.
“That won't be a problem,” Jonathan piped up. Roxanna burst into laughter, and even Lucian smiled.
Suddenly, they heard Estella's voice come from upstairs. “Aunt Madilyn! Aunt Madilyn, you're here! What were you talking about just now? Is Mommy pregnant?”
Archie and Benny also stuck their heads over the spiral staircase. Both of them looked at Roxanne at the same time. “Mommy, you're pregnant? Why didn't you tell us?”
All three children looked excited and were about to go downstairs when Elias reminded the two boys about the injuries on their knees.
Then, Elias carried the boys downstairs while Estella skipped over to Roxanne.
Roxanne had planned to keep it a secret for a little longer and wait until her pregnancy had progressed to a stable stage before telling the children the good news.
However, she now had no choice but to admit it. “That's right.
You'll have a younger brother or sister very soon!”
“Wow! Really? You're awesome, Mommy!” Estella exclaimed, jumping for joy. She leaned forward and kissed Roxanne on the cheek several times, seemingly giving her encouragement for the pregnancy.
Archie and Benny were also all smiles. They walked over and held Roxanne's hands lovingly, one on each side. “Mommy, you're so amazing,” Archie said, his tone sincere.
As for Benny, he was already thinking far ahead. “Mommy, how many babies are you going to have? Can you give birth to two more? Can we have another brother or sister?"
Roxanne was at a loss for how to answer his question. How many more babies am | going to have? | mean, just giving birth to one more is good enough!
As Lucian watched the children shower Roxanne with love and affection, a sense of jealousy suddenly crept over him. I'm the father of this baby. It doesn’t matter whether it's a younger brother or sister. Either way, | hod o part in the baby's creation, so why isn't anyone giving me credit for my contribution 
###Chapter 1992
Chapter 1992
Chapter 1992 Did Someone Switch Out His Brain
Madilyn proceeded to update Roxanne on the subsequent developments related to the bacteria outbreak at the hospital. “I've gone to the psychiatric hospital to check on Christina. She has really gone mad! She's semi-conscious, unresponsive, and keeps talking gibberish. The doctors there also mentioned she once sneaked into the medication room in the middle of the night, grabbed a lot of medicine, and swallowed them all. In the end, they had to send her to the hospital where they managed to save her after much effort.”
The incidents instigator, Christina, was now of unsound mind. As for the hospital's doctors and nurses, they received much acknowledgment after surviving the ordeal. The health department's senior officials even came down to present awards to them in person.
The hospital also received praise and official recognition with a chance of being included on the list of designated hospitals cooperating with medical insurance providers in the future.
Jonathan added, “The criminal proceedings against Christina have entered the prosecution stage. Regardless of whether the suspect is mentally unstable, such a crime carries a mandatory prison sentence of at least fifteen years. And because of Christina's case, Elektra's sentence has been commuted.”
Lucian and Roxanne exchanged glances while quietly breathing sighs of relief. Whether she goes by Christina orAubree, she'll hove nothing to do with us from now on.
"Oh, one more thing. Lucian, after you purchased the patent licensing for Moranta, Mr. Goldstein suddenly canceled his itinerary in Chanaea. Perhaps it was because he had planned to monopolize the market for that medicine, but that didn't work out. Or it could be because of Christina's mental state,” Jonathan continued.
However, Lucian knitted his brows and shook his head. “No. Someone like him wouldn't let Christina influence his actions. There's only one possibility—his plans in Chanaea fell through. Think about it. What would you do if you wanted everyone to depend on your medicine?”
Roxanne and Madilyn were shocked to hear that.
Meanwhile, Jonathan's gaze turned cold and piercing. “I see. So, what happened at the hospital this time was merely a test. Not only did Mr. Goldstein know all about Christina's plot, but he even deliberately allowed her to carry it out!”
Lucian nodded in response. Jonathan's admiration for Lucian instantly grew stronger. | didn't even consider things from that angle. I'm still too naive.
The four of them continued chatting for a little longer, and it was past eight o'clock in the evening when Jonathan left with Madilyn.
Roxanne wondered out loud how long it would take for the pair to finally confirm their relationship.
"I'm guessing things will move along very swiftly from here on in. Jonathan has finally seen the light,” Lucian said with a faint smile.
However, she shook her head. She still did not believe that would happen.
Hence, the couple made a bet on whether Jonathan and Madilyn would confirm their relationship within the next week.
If they did, Lucian would win the bet and have the chance to make Roxanne do whatever he wished.
“This bet sounds pretty good. As for what to make you do, I'll have to give it some thought. Should it be something you hate to do the most, or should it be something that you're the most afraid of?” Lucian grinned impishly, seemingly confident of winning.
Naturally, if Roxanne's guess proved accurate, she would also get to make Lucian do whatever she wanted. However, she was quite troubled about that as Lucian seemed down to do anything she asked of him even without the bet. If that's the case, it'd be meaningless even if | won.
Since the temperature at night was starting to get colder, Jonathan closed the car window and turned on the heat a little.
Madilyn thought he would send her straight home after leaving the Farwell residence. To her surprise, he remarked on how beautiful the moon looked that night and said there was a spot he wanted to take her to that was perfect for admiring the night sky.
Upon hearing that, she could not help thinking how strange it was. Jonathon would never hove said anything like that in the past. What has changed in him? Did someone switch out his brain? Or did someone else reincarnate in his body like what happens in novels and movies?
However, although she felt doubtful, she was also overjoyed 
###Chapter 1993
Chapter 1993
Chapter 1993 Find The Wish Bottle One would see a spacious square after driving up the road near Elmling Park.
At that time, the moon was shining brightly, and the stars were sparse in the night sky. Groups of twos and threes hung out around the square. They were either couples in their honeymoon phase or small families with children.
The place was basically an ideal hotspot for couples to go on dates.
It seemed as if Jonathan had already prepared everything beforehand, for he took out a waterproof mat and some snacks from the car before finding an open space with fewer people around. He then began setting everything up.
All of a sudden, a sweet and romantic sensation filled Madilyn’s heart. "It'd be lovely if we could set up a tent here and watch the moon and stars before we fall asleep.”
To her surprise, Jonathan answered, “I've got a tent, but...”
Hearing that, Madilyn became flustered, and her cheeks flushed red.
If it weren't for the darkness, Jonathan would have noticed her cheeks were as red as a tomato. She was not prepared to spend the night alone with him in a tent.
While her thoughts ran wild, Jonathan continued spreading out the mat and arranging the food on it. After that, he took out the equipment for boiling water from the car and got to work.
“| noticed something. Your current preferences have begun to resemble Mr. Farwell's," said Madilyn in an attempt to change the topic.
“| suppose so. | used to drink coffee just for the taste, but now, | drink it to improve my mood. Of course, I'm not like Lucian. | don't try out every kind of good-quality coffee. I've always stuck to plain coffee.”
Jonathan's tone sounded nonchalant, yet his words carried a certain philosophical sense that concerned the profound principles of life.
His demeanor dazed Madilyn. As she gazed at his chiseled side profile, which could be seen faintly under the moonlight, she felt her heart race.
He's so freaking handsome!
Finally, Jonathan finished setting the place up. "Have a seat. The sky tonight is gorgeous, isn't it?”
“Yep, it is.” As soon as Madilyn sat down, she felt as if she had returned to her youthful schooldays.
She could not remember the last time she admired the beautiful moon and lush field with such peace and tranquility.
Gradually, she calmed down and began to enjoy the rare, relaxing moment.
The duo chatted about some interesting stories from their past over coffee and snacks, sharing their memories with each other.
Although Madilyn could not see Jonathan's expression clearly in the darkness, she could tell that he was no longer as aloof and distant as he was before.
She was filled with joy, for the change in his demeanor proved that he had finally gotten over the dark moments of his past. Their fingers touched when Jonathan was carefully handing her a cup of coffee, and that made her heart flutter. “By the way, | remember something interesting. Back when | was in high school, | once came here with my friends. This huge
square didn't exist back then. We buried wish bottles on a slope somewhere nearby. | wonder if it's still there,” said Jonathan suddenly.
“Really? I'm quite curious about what kind of wishes you made back then. Where is it? Can we still find it?” Madilyn was eager to find out.
“Come on. Let's go and dig it out. Perhaps it's still there.” Smiling, Jonathan got to his feet and extended his hand to her.
In the next second, he realized his gesture might be inappropriate and wanted to retract his hand, but before he could do so, Madilyn swiftly placed her right hand in his palm.
Jonathan was slightly startled, but he quickly flashed a smile and helped her up. With that, they headed toward the location where the wish bottles were buried.
Gauging the distance with his steps, Jonathan stopped at an inconspicuous spot on the slope. He soon began clearing the weeds and digging through the soil.
Surprisingly, the bottles were hidden quite deep beneath the ground. He continued digging about thirty centimeters down before finally touching something that produced a crisp sound.
"| found it! It's still here! Let's look around the area. There were four of us back then, so we buried quite a few,” Jonathan said excitedly.
It was like a treasure hunt. Feeling equally excited, Madilyn began clearing off the surrounding weeds and soil with her bare hands 
###Chapter 1994
Chapter 1994
Chapter 1994 Is That A Yes
The two spent fifteen minutes and much effort trying to locate all four bottles. The bottlenecks were all stuffed with corks that blocked the rain and moisture from damaging the contents within.
Someone even suggested the idea of placing desiccants in the bottles, so ultimately, all the papers were preserved perfectly without even a single sign of mold.
Holding the four bottles in his hands, Jonathan smiled. “Let's go and clean them up nicely before opening them. | can't believe it's been almost thirteen years!”
Madilyn nodded with a faint smile on her face as an unusual emotion consumed her. It felt as if she were brought back to her youthful days many years ago.
They found a water tap near the field and used it to wash away the excess mud on the bottles before wiping them dry. Then, they returned to their camping site.
“Which one is yours?” Madilyn peered at the transparent bottles. The colored papers each of them used were vastly different. There were purple, blue, pink, and white ones.
She guessed that the white paper belonged to him because judging from his past character, he probably wouldn't like anything fancy.
“Then, does the pink one belongs to Elektra?” A thought struck Madilyn.
Jonathan smiled as he nodded. “Yes. That belongs to Elektra, indeed. But then, | don't think it's appropriate for us to pry into their secrets. So, | think we should keep it for them and pass it to them when we see them.”
Madilyn gave it some thought and eventually agreed to it. Prying into others’ privacy without their permission wasn't ethical at all.
Jonathan placed the other bottles onto the ground except for the one with the blue paper. “We can open mine. This blue one belongs to me.”
He recalled past memories and began mumbling, “Lucian and James joined us too, but they refused to write their wishes. The white one belongs to James, but I'm not sure if he had written anything. We'll open it with him some other day.”
Blue? It represents depression, rationality, and hope. | think these characteristics match well with the emotions Jonathan felt back then.
Seeing how excited Madilyn was, Jonathan removed the cork and smiled shyly. “To be honest, I've forgotten what my wish was. | can't remember much because it's been so long.”
“| know, right? That's why | can't wait to see what's in there! I'm so curious!” Madilyn didn't bother to keep her eagerness in check and immediately reached out to take the paper as soon as Jonathan removed it from the bottle.
“Here. You can have a look first.” Jonathan handed her the blue paper.
She carefully opened the paper which was folded neatly into a simple square before using her phone's torchlight to make out the words on it.
The words read: Madilyn, will you be my girlfriend?
She was promptly dumbstruck.
Upon scanning the words on the paper, she stood frozen in place and was at a complete loss for words. Thinking her eyes had deceived her, she read the sentence again to make sure she wasn't dreaming.
I'm pretty sure | didn't read it wrong! That's exactly what's written on it! But why?
In shock and disbelief, Madilyn lifted her head to look at Jonathan, using the torchlight to shine on his face.
“This can't be real. Jonathan, this is...” she stuttered, wondering whether she was imagining things, and that was when she saw the mischievous smile on Jonathan's face.
Did he plan this since the start? Was he acting all along? This is all just a lie, right? He even said the bottles were buried years ago. | bet he buried them only hours ago!
Madilyn took a long time to recover from the shock as a look of joy slowly replaced her surprised expression.
| can't believe he confessed his love to me in such a romantic way!
Elation filled her to the brim, and tears began welling in her eyes as she was so ecstatic she almost couldn't contain herself.
“Madilyn, is that a yes?” Jonathan's gaze was as tender as the moonlight that showered down on Earth that night.
Madilyn nodded fervently. She replied, “Yes. Yes!” 
###Chapter 1995
Chapter 1995
Chapter 1995 The Purple Wish Bottle
The moon was exceptionally stunning on that very night.
“Jonathan, tell me the truth. Did you swap your soul with someone else or what?”
With her hand in his, Madilyn could almost feel the warmth from his palm along with an electric current that seeped all the way to her heart, creating ripples within.
| can't believe he used such an extraordinary way to confess his love! But on second thought, | was the one who trusted him too much. | should've realized something was amiss when | noticed that the soil at the slope was recently loosened. Or else, he
wouldn't have been able to dig through it so effortlessly.
“Nope. I'm still me. It's just that the way I'm expressing myself is different now. Plus, | wasn't lying to you about the bottles. | didn't bury them hours ago. | dug them up a few days ago before | returned to work.”
He recalled how everything played out. One day, he suddenly thought of the wish bottles they buried years ago, so he went to Elmling Park alone to dig them up. He had forgotten all about his past selfs expectations of the future.
After a long break, Jonathan realized he didn't like how empty and pointless his life was, so in order to find out what he truly wanted, he opened his wish bottle.
He unfolded the paper to reveal the wishes he wrote in the past: | hope to achieve a successful career with Lucian in the future and marry the woman | love!
Jonathan was in a daze after reading his past wishes. | didn't expect what | wished for back then to be so simple. Turns out I've lost my way after all these years of enduring the stress from my family and career. Slowly, I've gotten tired of everything which
ultimately leads to depression. Now, after coming face to face with my past self, | finally see the light.
Upon having an epiphany, he vowed to himself that he would acknowledge his feelings and no longer be afraid. As such, he came up with the idea to confess his love in such a manner.
“Jonathan, I'm so glad to see how much you've changed!” Madilyn leaned over to nestle her head on his shoulder.
There they sat, chatting casually while enjoying the night breeze.
“Elektra is getting out of jail soon. Maybe her wish bottle would give her some inspiration on how to lead her life in the future,” Jonathan mumbled.
How many of us could still stay true to ourselves?
“| hope so. But who does the purple one belongs to?” Madilyn asked curiously.
“You are not going to believe this. | have no idea who it belongs to, either. | only remember that Lucian was the one who brought it over and that the bottle belonged to a woman.”
Jonathan would never have told Madilyn the truth in the past, but it didn't really matter anymore. After all, Roxanne and Lucian were already having their fourth child.
However, Madilyn's reaction was stronger than expected. She snapped, “So this bottle might have belonged to another woman whom Lucian was dating in the past? | must tell Roxanne about this!”
Deep down, she was afraid that Elektra's incident would happen all over again. Feeling troubled, Jonathan frowned. Does that make me a leaker? But Madilyn is my girlfriend. I'll have to listen to her. Come to think of it, I'm also curious about who the purple bottle belonged to. Why did that person ask Lucian to deliver the bottle instead
of showing up themself?
“Okay. You can tell her. | would like to know who it belonged to, too!” Jonathan decided to betray Lucian there and then. 
###Chapter 1996
Chapter 1996
Chapter 1996 Keep Your Wits About You
It was getting late, and regardless of how impatient Madilyn was, she couldn't disturb a pregnant woman's rest at that hour, so she decided to wait until tomorrow.
As the night grew darker and the coldness began to set in, Jonathan quickly took off his coat and draped it over Madilyn.
“Do you feel cold? Should | take you home now?” Jonathan uttered in an undertone.
Only then did he realize that Madilyn was already dozing off. He flashed a faint smile and changed his posture.
“Let me carry you,” Jonathan said. Without waiting for her to agree, he immediately scooped up her petite body and headed toward the car.
Madilyn was indeed tuckered out. After being carried into the car amidst her drowsiness, she felt warmth enveloping her, brought about by a blanket that appeared out of nowhere.
She could sense Jonathan tidying things up around her in her groggy state, and a sense of security washed over her, allowing her to drift off to sleep.
After an uncertain amount of time, Jonathan softly called out. “Maddy, Maddy. We're home.”
Madilyn gradually woke up, feeling a little lightheaded. However, the moment she heard that affectionate term of endearment, she sobered up in a flash and grinned at him. I'm officially Jonathan's girlfriend now.
“Why did you bring me home?” All of a sudden, she felt reluctant to part with the man, wanting to spend more time with him.
“Well, it wouldn't be appropriate for us to go directly to a hotel, right?” A hint of passion gleamed in Jonathan's eyes, prompting Madilyn to feel flustered.
No way. That would indeed be inappropriate.
Still, she managed to think of a way to phrase her thoughts. She pouted and said, “| meant I'm hungry.”
“All right. Let's go have some supper, then,” Jonathan responded decisively, restarting the car and turning the vehicle around.
Madilyn got up from the back seat and climbed into the front passenger seat, giggling. “From today onward, this car's passenger seat is exclusively reserved for me.”
“No problem. From now on, this car will only pick you up. Oh, and Mdm. Xander as well.” Jonathan's voice was deep and magnetic, sounding particularly pleasant.
The joy that had settled in Madilyn's heart once again surged.
Early the next day, Roxanne was woken up by a phone call from her best friend.
Listening to her best friend recounting Jonathan's confession last night, Roxanne also found it incredible. However, at the same time, she felt genuinely happy for them upon finding out they had finally confirmed their relationship.
In the end, Madilyn hesitated for a while before mentioning the purple wishing bottle.
“Jonathan and | are just curious. You can just ask him about this matter casually. It's been more than a decade, and with how outstanding Lucian was, he must have charmed a lot of girls during that time, so this isn't at all surprising! Anyway, | hope | won't cause any conflicts between you two by telling you this. Ah! | shouldn't have mentioned anything. Look at me, always poking my
nose into others’ business. Don't let this sow any discord between you and Lucian after all you've been through to be together.”
Regret churned within Madilyn's chest after she finished telling Roxanne about everything. Some things should be kept a secret forever. So many years have passed. Perhaps Lucian has already forgotten about it.
Unexpectedly, Roxanne burst into laughter.
“Roxanne, why are you laughing? Be serious. | really don't want to see Elektra's incident repeat itself. Lucian is too outstanding, so you must always keep your wits about you,” Madilyn reminded sternly.
However, Roxanne continued giggling and finally stopped after being yelled at by Madilyn.
Subsequently, Roxanne replied nonchalantly, “About that... Will you believe me if | tell you that purple wishing bottle belonged to me?” 
###Chapter 1997
Chapter 1997
Chapter 1997 Lifelong Imprint
“How is that possible?” Madilyn exclaimed in surprise.
She searched her memory of the many years she had known Roxanne, but there was no evidence that Roxanne and Lucian had met during their teenage years.
During their first three years of marriage, Roxanne was nothing more than a nominal wife, and ultimately, Lucian heartlessly divorced her.
Then came six years of separation. Roxanne gave birth to three children. Estella was on the verge of death and was diagnosed by the hospital as unlikely to survive.
Unexpectedly, after several twists and turns, Ethan went to Epea and tracked down the hospital Roxanne had delivered the triplets. In the end, Estella was rescued and brought back to Horington.
From then on, Roxanne lived with her children, Archie and Benny, while Lucian took care of Estella. The family proceeded to lead separate lives for six years.
At present, Roxanne had returned to Horington for almost a year.
Aside from the past ten years, Roxanne had never mentioned to Madilyn about knowing Lucian earlier.
“Well, it's a long story. Maybe | shouldn't say anything.” Roxanne's teasing tone sounded casual. She seemed totally unfazed by the purple wish bottle.
Hearing her friend's impish voice, Madilyn protested loudly, “No! You must tell us. I'll go get Jonathan, and we'll come over to listen to your story.”
Meanwhile, at the manor, Roxanne smiled. “Fine. You two lovebirds can come over. I'll tell you everything.”
When Roxanne returned home after sending the three kids to school, Madilyn and Jonathan had already arrived.
Jonathan was holding the purple wish bottle, which was still sealed.
The two looked at Roxanne suspiciously, unconvinced she had written the letter.
“Roxanne, no matter how you put it, this wish bottle was buried by Lucian and me the year before we went to university. | don't remember having known you back then.” Jonathan had repeatedly explained that to Madilyn in the car.
Back then, Jonathan, Lucian, James, and Elektra would often hang out together on weekends, even though they attended different schools.
Jonathan remembered that although they hung out together, everyone was engaged in different activities.
Lucian spent his time studying various business cases and acquiring business knowledge whenever he had the chance, while James had already developed a strong interest in psychology. Now, it seemed to Jonathan that James' mother, Yennefer, had already fallen ill at that time.
Elektra, on the other hand, paid attention to various fashion trends and celebrity clothing every day.
Jonathan was the only one who truly focused on his studies. He had no choice but to rely on rote memorization, as he wasn't a natural talent.
Roxanne nodded, the expression in her eyes becoming somewhat distant as she reminisced about the past.
“Indeed, under normal circumstances, | would've never met Lucian. The high school he attended, being a renowned art academy in the country, was not only an excellent private school but also a place teeming with children of the social elites. Jonathan, like you, | only attended an ordinary high school.”
Jonathan nodded in agreement.
She elaborated, “However, you were just being stubborn too. Your family had the means to send you to the same school as Lucian. He told me this himself back then.”
“Yes, that's true. Lucian even told you that? In that case, you two must've been very close at that time, right?” asked Jonathan. Unexpectedly, Roxanne shook her head. Nonetheless, a faint, contented smile appeared on her face. “Actually, we weren't close. Fate is really quite fascinating. Do you remember the custom of student exchanges between many
schools in the past? That's right. Lucian was an exchange student who came to my school. He was only there for a short month, but he left a lifelong imprint in my heart!” 
###Chapter 1998
Chapter 1998
Chapter 1998 What Is Your Name
As Roxanne relayed the story from her memories, the scene from decades ago played out in their minds. Lucian was unqualified as an exchange student because the ive of the exchange program was for the student to experience the school life of a normal high school and compare it to that of an art academy, including the common practices and
order.
However, he was merely sixteen years old back then, so he couldn't care less about those. He would occasionally skip classes because the curriculum for regular high schools was probably too boring for him.
One typical day, Lucian, James, and Jonathan planned to sneak into a trade show, so Lucian only stayed for the first class after lunch break before skipping the rest.
Back then, the school's security was tight with guards stationed at all the gates, so he had no choice but to scale the wall near the library.
Unexpectedly, nails were scattered atop the walls that day. His hands were pierced and he fell to the ground, spraining his ankle in the process.
Roxanne, being a top student, usually spent all her free time at the library.
She was rushing to her classroom that day after missing more than an hour of class due to being too engrossed in her reading.
That was how they met.
Roxanne had never seen a more handsome young man than Lucian in her life, much less one in such a sorry state. Lucian was in so much pain as he examined his ankle and his bloody palms.
“Hey, are you okay? Do you need help? What hurt your hand? We need to stop the bleeding immediately and ensure you don't contract a tetanus infection!” Roxanne remembered those words vividly because those were the first words she said to Lucian.
Lucian nodded before glancing at Roxanne. His gaze didn't linger on her for long.
Roxanne told Lucian not to move before running back to the library and getting a small medical kit containing all kinds of first-aid supplies.
She then helped Lucian disinfect his wound and stop the bleeding.
However, his ankle was badly sprained.
Never in his wildest dreams would he expect a high school girl to be familiar enough with the massage technique in traditional medicine to push the tendon in his calf back to its original place.
At that moment, he vividly remembered how her side profile looked and how a tendril of her hair swayed in the light breeze.
“All right, done! You need to get a tetanus shot next. It's best if you don't move your leg for the next twenty-four hours.” She flashed him a faint smile before picking up the medical kit and heading back to the library.
Lucian thought she would be back. Instead, she hurriedly rushed back to class.
However, Lucian's features were deeply ingrained in her memory after that encounter. After all, he was too good-looking. It would be hard to forget a face like that.
Following the incident, Lucian waited for her at the library several times, but she didn't show up.
It wasn't until the day Lucian planned to skip class with Jonathan and James to bury his wish bottle that they finally met again.
When he passed by the library, he ran into Roxanne again.
“Hey, what's your name?” Lucian asked casually.
Roxanne's gaze, however, was focused on the empty wish bottle in his hand. “I know who you are, Mr. Farwell. May | ask what is that?” she asked, pointing at the wish bottle.
“You know me?” A faint smile curved Lucian’s lips at that knowledge. His smile accentuated his charm, causing Roxanne to avert her gaze in bashfulness.
Roxanne nodded with certainty at his question. Heaven knows how many times | wrote his name on my notebook.
After finding out he was an exchange student from the art academy, she knew she would never get to become friends with him.
“This is a wish bottle. After writing down your wish, you put it in the bottle and bury it deep in the ground. Several years later, you dig it up and see if your wish came true. But | don't know what | should write,” he said with a look of boredom.
“| see. That's too bad.” Roxanne did her best to remain calm, but just the sight of him standing right in front of her made butterflies flutter furiously in her belly.
“Yeah. How about this, then? Do you have a wish? Why don't you write yours and put it in this bottle? I'll help you bury it. I'll tell you where it is in the future, and you can dig it up. What do you think?” 
###Chapter 1999
Chapter 1999
Chapter 1999 Fall Head Over Heels For Him
Lucian appeared serious as he suggested that.
Roxanne was stunned by his offer.
However, she was naive back then, so she didn't consider the possibility that someone might sneak a peek at what she wrote.
Hence, she nodded in agreement before rummaging around her bag for her diary. She then tore a page from it and swiftly folded it.
The pages of her diary were purple in color.
“Is that it? Aren't you going to write anything else?” Lucian asked curiously.
Roxanne shook her head. “Yes, that's all. All my wishes are written on that page. | have a lot of wishes, so | wonder if they will ever come true.”
“Okay. Put it in then.” When Lucian inched closer, a breeze blew past them, carrying the pleasant scent from his body.
As the scent enveloped her, the intimacy between them colored her cheeks red.
She carefully slid the paper into the wish bottle.
Lucian instantly plugged the bottle's opening with a cork. “I'll go and bury your wishes now. The earth represents never-ending hope, so | believe that by burying it beneath the earth, your wishes will definitely come true.”
In a split second, the expression on Roxanne's face froze.
She would forever remember that scene.
Lucian tilted his head slightly askew, and the smile on his face was both dashing and charming at the same time.
The sight of his smile under the sun took her breath away.
Lucian's period as an exchange student ended after that. He left and never showed up at Roxanne's high school again.
The two of them only met twice when Roxanne was fifteen. Yet, those two encounters were deeply engraved in her memory and frequented her dreams.
She didn't even get to ask him whether he really did bury that wish bottle for her.
In fact, he didn't even know her name.
The next time they met was when she almost graduated from university. That year, her father married her off to Lucian with a price.
She was confident that he would recognize her, but alas, he treated her coldly throughout those three years of marriage and never regarded her as his wife.
In the end, she threw herself at him like a moth to a flame, acting on her immature yet fervent feelings. Getting pregnant with his children, however, was totally unexpected.
Jonathan and Madilyn found it hard to recover from the shock after Roxanne finished her story.
“So, you fell head over heels for Lucian when you were fifteen?” Madilyn felt inexplicably moved.
No wonder she still loves Lucian despite being hurt so badly.
The corners of Roxanne's lips curled into a nonchalant smile as she acknowledged her feelings.
“Those details match my memory. Lucian did sprain his ankle that year and took a few days off from school. After that incident, he appeared to have something on his mind and kept returning to that high school.”
Referring to his memory, Jonathan confirmed that Roxanne did, in fact, appear in Lucian's life at that specific timeline.
“Looks like this bottle with the purple paper is indeed yours.” He passed the wish bottle to her.
The wooden cork was loose, so Roxanne removed it easily. She took out the folded piece of purple paper and slowly unfolded it. Madilyn leaned closer to Roxanne, curious about her best friend's wishes in the past.
The purple paper was filled with words, but the writing was neat. She had written down a lot of wishes.
Her greatest wish read: | hope to get into the same university as Lucian.
Other than that, she also wished to study medicine, make lots of money, and have a promising career.
The wishes of a fifteen-year-old girl were simple and straightforward, but the usage of adjectives was verbose and convoluted.
Madilyn couldn't help but laugh. “I never knew you were so poetic!”
Roxanne wasn't embarrassed in the slightest and even boldly admitted, “Many girls in my class asked me to help them with their love letters back then.” 
###Chapter 2000
Chapter 2000
Chapter 2000 Not What He Expected After attending a short meeting at the office, Lucian rushed home immediately.
He had undergone formal antenatal training and knew all the procedures of taking care of a pregnant woman like the back of his hand. As such, he was determined to do everything himself.
Upon his arrival at the manor, he was surprised to see Jonathan and Madilyn there.
“You just brought health supplements yesterday, so what do you plan on giving today?” Lucian teased. Yet he could sense Madilyn glaring at him, while Jonathan was also wearing a gloomy expression. Only Roxanne was full of smiles.
She was well aware that the two of them, upon listening to her story, resented Lucian for how he treated her during those three years of marriage back then.
“What's wrong, Jonathan? Say something!”
Madilyn's frosty gaze caused Lucian's hair to stand on end.
Without hesitation, he tried to recall if he had gotten on Roxanne's nerves, as that was the likely reason for Madilyn's hostility. “Lucian, do you still remember this wish bottle?”
Roxanne showed him the wish bottle in her hand. As if remembering something, she refolded the piece of purple paper and stuffed it back into the bottle.
Asingle glance was all it took for Lucian to remember what it was.
“Isn't this the wish bottle | gave you back then? Looks like Jonathan has dug it out. What about it? Are you guys talking about the past?” Jonathan asked, shooting a careful glance at Madilyn.
However, his nonchalance intensified Madilyn's anger, and she snapped, “Mr. Farwell, since you've known Roxanne a long time ago, why did you treat her that way after getting married to her back then?”
“Lucian, you should've been able to recognize Roxanne. She's the high school girl that you mentioned before!" Jonathan remembered Lucian telling him about his encounter with a mysterious girl.
At that moment, it dawned upon Lucian what was going on.
When he shifted his gaze to Roxanne, the latter grinned back at him.
“| haven't had the opportunity to explain, so why don't you do the honors yourself, Mr. Farwell?”
Lucian didn't know how to react. He had long expressed his remorse to Roxanne over what happened.
“Actually, the reason was simple. | couldn't accept the fact that the girl | was once in love with married me because of money. You can blame me for what happened, but that was how | saw it back then. This was all my parent's fault, or you can say that fate had brought us together. If | could go back in time, | wouldn't have wanted it to happen that way.”
That year, Lucian had just taken charge of Farwell Group. He was weathering all sorts of difficulties in the business world and
suffered all kinds of plots to undermine him.
His experience made him realize that all the theoretical business knowledge he had was irrelevant. Fortunately, he didn't panic in the face of adversity. Steeling himself, he struck back at his enemies with a vengeance as he swiftly made investments in many industries he saw potential in.
His exposure to the business world consequently made it difficult for him to trust anyone.
It was under such circumstances that Roxanne became his wife.
In order to bring good luck to his grandfather, his parents found him a bride and paid a pretty sum for it. Little did he expect his bride to be the girl whom he had a good impression of in school.
The change in Roxanne wasn't something that he welcomed.
Astudious girl who spent all her time reading in the library wasn't supposed to walk down such a path—marrying indiscriminately for money.
It made him wonder if she was also willing to marry another random rich heir for the same reason.
Therefore, there was no way he would develop feelings for Roxanne, whom he perceived as materialistic in the past. 
###Chapter 2001
Chapter 2001
Chapter 2001 Not Worth It
Despite Lucian's explanation, Madilyn still felt indignant about it.
The seed of love that was planted during their school days bore a bitter fruit after their much-anticipated marriage. “Mr. Farwell, you were being too presumptuous!” Madilyn concluded while shooting Lucian a vicious look.
The embarrassment that was written on Lucian's face elicited a faint smile from Roxanne.
That's all in the past now.
Unlike in the past, Roxanne felt differently now. She counted her blessings, for her wishes had come true one by one, albeit ina delayed manner.
Stroking the tiny bump on her belly, she could feel a new future brewing inside. The adversity the three children had gone through for the past few years would never happen again.
As if reflecting on himself, Lucian nodded as he admitted, “It's true that I, too, was at fault. | was mentally exhausted due to being embroiled in the struggles of the business world back then. | ended up letting my thoughts be dictated by societal convention.”
Lucian's admission of his mistakes finally eased Madilyn’s fury. When Jonathan gave Madilyn a slight tug, their discreet gesture didn't escape Jonathan's notice. He then threw his wife a questioning glance.
Roxanne responded with an affirmative look. She hadn't gotten the opportunity to tell Lucian that Jonathan had confessed his feelings the night before.
Nonetheless, Lucian curled his lips into a smile, for he immediately knew what was going on. “Jonathan, since it's almost noon, why don't you stay back for lunch?” Lucian suggested.
Just as Jonathan was about to nod habitually, a look from Madilyn prompted him to turn down the invitation. “Not this time, Lucian. | promised Madilyn that we would take Mdm. Xander out for lunch.”
“Sure, no problem.” Jonathan has finally learned how to say no after getting a girlfriend. It was a development that Lucian was glad to see.
After the newly minted couple departed, Roxanne related Jonathan's exploits from the night before to Lucian, to which the latter exclaimed, “I'm surprised that Jonathan was capable of pulling off something as interesting as that. | think he has outdone me when it comes to romance!”
As Roxanne looked at her husband from the corner of her eye, images of his face during their teenage years emerged in her mind.
Even now, the feeling she had from back then didn't change. Regardless of how much time had passed, it was one that she would never forget.
Even upon returning to the country after six years abroad and knowing that she might never end up together with Lucian, she knew that she could never love another man.
The young man in her youth would forever be engraved deep within her heart.
During the afternoon, Roxanne and Lucian headed to the research institute together.
With Peregrine's help, Colby quickly settled into the research institute's serious working environment. As the organization ran like a well-oiled machine, there was no need for Roxanne to get involved. The reason she came was just to throw a birthday party for Colby.
Colby, who was led into a conference room unaware, was greeted by a burst of confetti falling onto his head. His colleagues then came forward, wishing him a happy birthday as they sang the birthday song.
There were many familiar faces, all of them smiling vibrantly.
“Happy Birthday, Colby!” said Roxanne and Lucian upon emerging from the crowd.
Lucian came forward to help Colby put on a birthday hat before shaking hands with him.
With a gentle smile, Roxanne handed Colby a fork and knife as a massive birthday cake was carted up to him. Dumbstruck by the surprise, Colby—eyes glistening—didn't know how to react.
"Thank you. Thank you, everyone.”
All of a sudden, he began tearing up.
He had just returned to the research institute, and there was plenty he had to learn from scratch.
Given that his birthday was way down on his list of priorities, he was surprised that Roxanne and Lucian not only remembered but also specially made a trip over to celebrate it for him.
As someone who had once made a horrible mistake, he didn't think he deserved such treatment.
It wasn't until he got over the flood of complicated emotions that Colby broke into a smile. He then cut the cake and distributed it to his colleagues.
“Colby, | didn't only come to celebrate your birthday today, for | have something else to tell you. As a loyal employee of the research institute, you deserve to be granted shares in it. Even though it's not much after dilution, thirty percent of the company still belongs to you. After this, Old Mr. Lomax will follow up with you on the paperwork,” Roxanne announced the matter in front of everyone.
Thunderous applause soon filled the room.
“This...” Shocked, Colby was at a loss for words. 
###Chapter 2002
Chapter 2002
Chapter 2002 A Stern Warning
Upon leaving the research institute, Roxanne and Lucian went to pick up the children from school.
When the school's management saw the two of them, they seized the opportunity to sincerely apologize for what happened. From their explanation, Lucian and Roxanne learned that the vice principal who was bribed by Dave had been sacked. Moreover, the four students who bullied Archie and Benny were also asked to leave the school.
On top of that, the school was reevaluating its disciplinary policies to prevent a repeat of similar incidents.
In the end, Lucian and Roxanne accepted their apology begrudgingly. They didn't want to burn any bridges, as the school did provide a conducive learning environment for the children.
Finally, they returned to the manor with the children after declining an invitation to dinner from the school management. Arriving at the gate, they were greeted by the sight of Grant pacing back and forth.
He looked weary as he moved around awkwardly.
Yet Roxanne—utterly disappointed with him—no longer fell for the pitiful charade he had put on.
“Mommy, is that Granddad?” Estella asked upon recognizing him.
Lucian's gaze shifted to his wife as if to ask her if they should stop.
At the same time, Archie and Benny stared out the window, wondering what their grandfather wanted.
Nonetheless, Roxanne shook her head in response.
She no longer wanted to be tricked again.
Lucian replied to the children, “We'll be heading home first. If there's anything your granddad needs, I'll deal with it later.” Meanwhile, Grant raised his gaze and gave the car a complicated look.
Realizing that the car wasn't going to stop, he hesitated momentarily before deciding to step aside.
Roxanne even averted her eyes, not wanting to spare him even a single glance as they passed him by.
Once their car drove into the manor and the gates closed behind them, Lucian told Roxanne to lead the children back to their rooms.
“If you don't want to see him, I'll go out and talk to him.”
If Grant were to continue playing the victim at their door every day, it would be difficult for them to explain to the children. Thus, Lucian figured that clearing the air was for the best.
With that, the butler drove Lucian to the main gate in the manor's buggy.
As he walked up to Grant, the previously cordial attitude he had was now replaced by indifference. “Mr. Jarvis, what are you up to this time? Are you planning to give the children presents again? If that's the case, you can save it. They don't need anything from you.”
Lucian had expected Grant to panic.
Yet a sense of numbness was written across his face. The listless look in his eyes made them look like a bottomless abyss. “Lucian... |... There's something | want to tell you.” Grant's lips twitched as he spoke in a helpless tone.
The surprised Lucian furrowed his brows. Who gave him permission to address me that liberally?
“Mr. Jarvis, | believe you have made a mistake. If money is what you need, you should be speaking to Mr. Crawford!” Lucian's eyes narrowed.
There was no need for him to conceal the fact that Grant was secretly working with Jonas.
"Is the millions given by Mr. Crawford not enough? How much money do you really want?” Lucian flashed a smirk as he waited for Grant's reaction.
Finally, the panic in Grant's eyes began to show. “Y-You knew about it?”
“There's nothing in Horington that gets past me, so drop your pathetic charade already. Now that the children have acknowledged you as their granddad, you had better not show your face here ever again!”
The threatening tone in Lucian's voice was unmistakable. 
###Chapter 2003
Chapter 2003
Chapter 2003 Are You Lying Again Stunned by the response, Grant attempted to move his chapped lips, but all he could manage was a wry smile.
“Since you already know about it, | might as well come clean. It's true that | succumbed to my greed and took Mr. Crawford's bribe. His ive was to place me by your side to gather information,” Grant related the truth candidly.
“With that aim in mind, | divorced Winnie. Initially, the divorce wasn't meant to be genuine. Once | received enough money from Mr. Crawford, she would return to my side. Unfortunately, | was a fool...” Grant mumbled away.
Meanwhile, Lucian's brows knitted, for the last thing he wanted was to become Grant's agony uncle. He wasn't at all interested in what was on Grant's mind.
After all, it was Grant's decision to abandon Roxanne's mother and get together with Winnie. On top of that, he even brought two children into the family, causing Roxanne trauma that she would never heal from.
“Mr. Jarvis, there's no need to bring up the past anymore. Roxanne is well aware of your motives, so you had better not disturb our lives again. As for the children, I'll tell them that their granddad has gone overseas to set up a business.”
With that, Lucian turned to leave but was unexpectedly held back by Grant. The latter was suddenly gripped by emotions, and he began trembling all over.
With a pleading look in his eyes, he said, “Lucian, | know that | have committed a terrible sin and don't deserve anything, but you have to trust me when | say that I have cut ties with Mr. Crawford. | have no way of paying back the money he gave me, so I'm currently in hiding. | have now lost everything and no longer want anything. However, Lucian, you have to tell Roxanne this—”
Losing patience with Grant's soliloquy, Lucian shoved the latter aside as he snapped, “I'm sorry, but I'm not interested in what you have to say. Please leave now before | ask my bodyguards to throw you out!”
He's sorry? He has repented? Aman like this will never know remorse! Lucian quickened his pace, for he no longer wanted to hear Grant's voice again. Behind him, all Grant could do was stare blankly at his leaving silhouette.
“I'm sorry. It's all my fault. This must be karma for what I've done. Even going to hell is too light a punishment for someone like
me... Within a few seconds, he dropped to his knees with a sorrowful expression.
“Lucian, | beg you to ask Roxanne to give me an opportunity to apologize. | have a terminal illness and my days are numbered. There are only two or three days left, I'm afraid. I...”
Just as Grant was yelling at the top of his voice, he swooned and collapsed head-first to the ground.
Upon hearing the dull thud, Lucian stopped in his tracks immediately.
When he turned around to look, Grant was lying on the floor with his eyes closed, and his lips were pale.
The sudden turn of events stunned Lucian, causing him to wonder if this was another of Grant's tricks.
Terminal illness? I'm surprised he's using such a cliched excuse.
That said, Lucian did notice that Grant's skin appeared more yellowish than usual, which was a common symptom of ill health. However, it didn't seem a good idea to leave Grant unattended at the main gate.
Hence, he waved for his bodyguards to come over.
“Keep an eye on him!”
With that, the bodyguards quickly carried Grant to a security post outside the gate. 
###Chapter 2004
Chapter 2004
Chapter 2004 Had It Coming
Back in the living room, Roxanne was chatting with the children about what their future siblings' names should be. “If it's a girl, can we call her Dawn? I'm Essie, so | want my little sister to be called Dawnie,” Estella suggested. Archie and Benny thought the name was too simple and wanted something more meaningful.
“Mommy, Archie and Benny's names are too simple too. Why did you choose those names for them?” Estella asked in puzzlement.
Benny quickly answered, “Isn't it obvious? Mommy gave us names that are easy to remember to make us more memorable to others, the same way as how Daddy left an unforgettable impression on Mommy.”
“That's clearly not the case,” Archie refuted at once. Then, he offered his guess. “Mommy, did you draw inspiration from one of your favorite shows?”
Roxanne was stumped by their questions. | merely felt the names were catchy and genuinely didn't put much thought into them.
Hearing their conversation, Lucian found their discussion about names interesting and chimed in, “Essie's name was chosen by your great-grandfather. He said he wanted you to shine bright like a star.”
“Daddy, what do you think our future siblings’ names should be?” The three children looked at their father expectantly. Lucian furrowed his brows as a few ideas popped up in his mind. He hesitated, unsure which one was best.
Ultimately, he threw the question back to the children. “How about this? You guys come up with two names each, one for a boy and one for a girl. Once you've decided, we'll have the whole family, including your grandparents, vote on them. Then, we'll adopt the name with the highest votes. What do you think?”
The kids were fond of that fair voting method and agreed with alacrity.
“I'll look up names in poetry!” Archie hastily went upstairs.
“I'll search in classic literature books!” Benny trod behind his brother's heels.
“I-I'll find names in storybooks!” Estella didn't want to be left out and immediately followed them upstairs. Subsequently, the living room plunged into silence.
Lucian took a seat, and Roxanne skillfully poured him a cup of coffee.
“How is it? Has he left?” she asked while wearing an impassive expression. She no longer wanted to concern herself with Grant's fate.
Her only hope was for him not to disturb her current bliss. "He didn't leave. He fainted. | had the bodyguards watch him.” Lucian took a sip of the coffee, wondering if he should tell his wife
about what Grant had said. Roxanne is a renowned doctor. After examining his condition, she can easily ascertain whether he's truly suffering from a terminal disease. If Grant is lying even about this, he's genuinely an appalling sinner.
Subconsciously, Lucian believed Grant was being honest.
Roxanne knitted her brows. “You could've asked someone to send him away to the hospital if he fainted. Did he admit to taking money from the Crawford family’s scion?”
Lucian nodded and decided to be frank with Roxanne.
“If he's just putting up an act by pretending to pass out, I'll kick him out right away. However, he told me he has a terminal illness and doesn't have much longer to live. Therefore, he wanted to see you and apologize to you in person,” Lucian uttered gently.
Roxanne was stumped and fell into a momentary daze. Her eyes were filled with doubts, but her lips quivered.
"|-Is that true? Huh. | never thought his retribution would come so soon. He's only in his early fifties.” Roxanne abruptly let out a pent- up sigh inwardly. This sigh is for my mom. Back then, that man abandoned his wife and daughter, brought a mistress into our house, and ruined our once-happy family. He had it coming. 
###Chapter 2005
Chapter 2005
Chapter 2005 Dying Words
Meanwhile, at the security post outside the manor, Grant woke up and suddenly started vomiting, spitting out a mix of sour gastric fluid and traces of blood.
The bodyguard was shocked to see that. Mr. Farwell told me to keep on eye on this man, but looking at his condition, he must be severely ill. He's even puking out blood.
Hence, the bodyguard hastily informed the butler. After considering the situation, the latter decided to report that to Lucian.
Noticing Lucian and Roxanne sitting in the living room, the butler immediately approached them and reported, “That man outside seems to be suffering from a serious illness because he just vomited blood.”
Roxanne's right hand, holding the coffee mug, trembled after she heard that. She turned to look at her husband.
Lucian got to his feet at once and said to Roxanne, “Let's go take a look. If his condition is grave, we have to save him first.” Pulling herself together, she nodded and quickly followed Lucian out of the house.
Less than half an hour had passed since they last saw Grant. However, taking in his appearance now, Roxanne was startled.
His face was extremely pale and waxen, his eyes were murky, and even his breathing seemed labored. It was as if he was on the verge of death.
As a doctor, Roxanne wasn't repulsed by the vomitus on the ground. Instead, she stepped forward and examined it.
“Roxanne. Is that you, Roxanne? I'm sorry. I've hurt you and your mother deeply...” At that moment, Grant struggled to prop himself up with assistance from the bodyguard next to him.
A faint smile of relief spread across his face when he saw her daughter. Then, he shifted his attention to Lucian. “Lucian, I'm indeed a failure."
“Stop talking. Do you have the medical report from the hospital?” Lucian had no interest in hearing his deathbed confession and searched his body for the report. Spotting a corner of a paper sticking out of his pocket, he reached out to take it.
Before Lucian could unfold the diagnosis report, Roxanne grimaced. “It seems to be stomach cancer.” Lucian handed the document to his wife.
After a quick glance, the report indeed mentioned a malignant stomach tumor that might have metastasized to the liver. No wonder his complexion is so yellow. It's a result of elevated bilirubin levels.
In an instant, Roxanne felt an indescribable discomfort in her heart. Judging by the spread of the cancerous cells, he's probably beyond cure. Even my medical skills will be of no help. Hahaha! He deserves this.
Roxanne wanted to guffaw but couldn't bring herself to do it. Instead, she stared at Grant with complicated emotions in her eyes. Seeing his wife's reaction, Lucian noticed her gaze held a mixture of resentment, pleasure, pity, and a touch of sadness, all tangled together.
“Grant, your time is indeed running short. So, are you afraid of death?” Roxanne stepped closer, riveting her eyes on Grant's countenance.
At that moment, Grant revealed a faint, enigmatic smile. “Roxanne, I've been afraid for several days. But now, I'm genuinely not scared anymore. | spent a whole day thinking about what regrets | have in this life. In the end, all | can think about are only you and your mother. I've been impulsive and more prone to failure than success my whole life. | was arrogant, boastful, and didn't
understand the concepts of love and family. | truly deserve this. | betrayed your mother, and | owe her an apology.”
He wore a griefful expression as he spoke, and tears slowly rolled down his eyes.
“| wish to apologize to you. | know you can't possibly forgive me, but | still have to say I'm sorry. | don't want to die without apologizing. Thank you, Roxanne and Lucian, for giving me this opportunity.”
The couple listened quietly, not interrupting him anymore.
It was said that the dying words of someone on his deathbed always came from the bottom of his heart, and they chose to believe that Grant was genuinely repenting and apologizing at that instant. 
###Chapter 2006
Chapter 2006
Chapter 2006 Forgive Him When He Is Dead Grant's voice trailed off as he lost consciousness yet again. Seeing that, Lucian ordered his bodyguards to bring Grant back into the manor.
“Roxanne, just do your best and leave the rest to fate!” Lucian said, squeezing her hand reassuringly. As he did, he noticed her hand felt slightly cold, a sign of how anxious she truly was.
Roxanne nodded and quickly made her way back into the manor.
Putting aside their relationship and the animosity that existed between them in the past, Grant was now just a dying patient, in need of Roxanne's medical expertise.
Roxanne was a doctor, so she had to do her best to save lives. Without hesitation, she began the preparations for Grant's acupuncture treatment. At the same time, Jonathan and Madilyn were also summoned to prepare the medicine as instructed by Roxanne.
Charcoal was needed to boil the medicine, so it could only be done outside the mansion. Madilyn was responsible for making sure the temperature was just right while Jonathan kept adding water to the pot.
“| guess this is what they call karma, huh? Grant doesn't deserve to be Roxanne's father. He got lucky as Roxanne is too kind. Otherwise, if someone else were in Roxanne's shoes, they would've ignored his plight!” Madilyn exclaimed indignantly.
Jonathan nodded in agreement. He sighed and said, "| guess he won't live for long. Roxanne is doing all she can, but in the end, it's up to fate how long he has left.”
“That's good enough. His own son and daughter don't even seem to care about him. Meanwhile, his mistress is too busy living a luxurious life and never bothers to visit him. Grant is blind as he is unable to comprehend who is actually being kind to him.”
Madilyn would never forgive him. She could understand how her best friend felt as she, too, had a horrible father.
In the guest room on the third floor, Grant soon regained consciousness after receiving Roxanne's acupuncture treatment. The help brought him the medicine that he was supposed to take.
Roxanne returned to the living room, looking exhausted.
Lucian came up to her and gently began to knead her shoulders. He was well aware of how exhausting it was for her to maintain the same posture while she was performing her acupuncture treatment.
Jonathan and Madilyn entered the living room and sat down on the couch. No one said a word. “The cancer cells had spread all over his body, and if | did not intervene and help him, he would most likely die within a few days.
For now, if | continue to treat him with acupuncture and he continues to take the necessary medicine, he could live for at least half a month,” Roxanne revealed calmly.
Despite their shared profession, Madilyn found herself in awe of Roxanne's knowledge and skill.
The case of a person diagnosed with stomach cancer that had metastasized throughout their body was typically considered a terminal prognosis, meaning that death was likely to occur at any given time.
However, Roxanne was able to state the time of death specifically, showing that she was in total control of the situation. “Roxanne, don't blame me for being nosy. Can you really forgive Grant?” Madilyn finally blurted out.
Roxanne was not sure how she should feel. She could feel a bitter smile creep onto her face as she replied, “I guess so. He only has a fortnight to live, so when the time comes for him to pass, I'll find a way to forgive him.”
She actually wanted to say that death was too light a punishment for Grant. He should be having a taste of his own medicine by experiencing how torturing the world could be.
It was every man for himself when trouble came knocking. That was particularly true for Grant, who had been abandoned by not only his wife Winnie but also by his children, Yosef and Yuliana. The two never regarded him as a father figure. As the saying went, “What goes around comes around.”
Atense silence hung in the living room when Elias and Sonya arrived home.
Upon hearing their son explain the situation, the couple exchanged a look and both indicated their approval of Roxanne's decision.
“No matter what, he's still our in-law in name. We should pay him a visit,” Elias announced. He then went upstairs to visit Grant. Sonya followed after him.
Suddenly, Roxanne recalled something and told Lucian, "Let the children say their farewells to their beloved grandfather. He won't be staying here any longer. We'll have to arrange for his transfer to the Jarvis residence, where | believe he'd prefer to spend his remaining days.” 
###Chapter 2007
Chapter 2007
Chapter 2007 | Dreamed Of My Mom
“Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Farwell. | deeply regret that | have been an irresponsible father and have caused Roxanne irreparable harm. However, you have taken on the role of parents to her and have been loving and caring toward her. | sincerely hope that you will continue to look after her.”
After the visit, Grant's parting words left a lasting impact on Elias and Sonya. Sonya had mixed feelings, for she didn't think she deserved to be called Roxanne's mother as Grant had claimed. She had been guilty of numerous mistakes in the past and was merely attempting to atone for them.
Fortunately, she still had the opportunity to do so, unlike Grant, who only realized his misdeeds when he was on the brink of death.
The children also went to Grant's room to visit him.
The adults did not inform the children of the true severity of Grant's illness, instead opting to tell them that he was simply ill. As a result, the children assumed he was simply suffering from a minor ailment like a cold orfever.
Hence, they encouraged Grant by telling him to rest well and drink a lot of water for a quick recovery. Grant was overcome with emotion, his eyes misting with a combination of regret and yearning. Despite that, he had a sense of contentment.
That very night, Lucian and Roxanne hired an ambulance to bring him to the Jarvis residence.
Madilyn gave the house to Roxanne as a wedding present when she married Lucian. Roxanne was hesitant to go back to the house where she used to live with her mother, for fear that the memories they shared would haunt her.
Many years had passed since she last walked through that door. As she stepped inside, a wave of nostalgia washed over her, reminding her of the childhood and teenage days she spent here.
The house was clean as Roxanne had hired a team of professional cleaners to thoroughly clean it earlier. After Grant was brought into the old house, his expression suddenly turned calm. “Lucian, Roxanne, thank you so much. I'm blessed to be able to spend my remaining days here.”
“Dad, don't worry. I'll hire two helpers to take care of you. You must remember to take your medicine regularly. Roxanne and | will make sure to come and see you regularly,” Lucian promised.
Grant was surprised to hear Lucian calling him “dad” all of a sudden.
Roxanne bobbed her head in agreement and left the house hastily with Lucian.
She couldn't stay inside the house for too long as it reminded her of her mother.
Being sad would not be good for the child growing in her belly, so Roxanne knew she couldn't let herself wallow in sorrow. The following day was a sunny day.
Roxanne was smiling when she woke up.
Seeing that, Lucian asked, “Did you dream of something good?”
“| dreamed about my mom. She told me that | did a good job, and that Grant got on his knees to beg for her forgiveness,” Roxanne revealed.
Upon hearing this, Lucian let out a chuckle. “Yes, you did a great job. There’s no need to worry about that anymore. What matters now is that our family will have a good life from now on.”
Roxanne nodded in agreement. She then curled into a ball and buried herself in his warm embrace. Lucian wrapped his arms around her tightly and kissed her forehead gently.
The sound of the children washing up and chatting could be heard in the background. Elias and Sonya were reminding them to grab their books and other belongings.
They basked in the calm and peaceful atmosphere, feeling utterly contented. “I'm going to the hospital for a checkup today. You should come with me.” Roxanne's voice was soft.
Lucian immediately bobbed his head. His lips curled as he assured her, “Of course. Even if your checkup isn't due today, I'll still have to attend my classes. I'm going to graduate soon.”
“Really? Why didn't you show me anything? What did you learn?” Roxanne joked.
“| learned a lot. Didn't | remind you to take folic acid previously? And also...” 
###Chapter 2008
Chapter 2008
Chapter 2008 We Need To Talk It was three in the afternoon.
Lorraine was watering the plants in the garden in Madilyn's mansion when three black Mercedes-Benzes rolled to a stop at the entrance.
A few bodyguards hopped off their cars and opened the door of the Mercedes-Benz in the middle.
Awell-dressed middle-aged man with a cane stepped out of the car followed by a woman of similar age, bedecked in expensive jewelry.
After emerging from the vehicle, she glanced at the mansion, disdain evident in her gaze.
“It looks like your daughter is doing well in Horington. She can even afford to buy a mansion!” the middle-aged woman said arrogantly in a thick Xandenian accent.
The man bore an icy and intimidating expression.
He was Norton Sheffield, the owner of Sheffield Group, which was the biggest company in Xendale. The woman standing beside him was his wife, Mildred Hinton.
His assistant came nearer to him and said politely, "Mr. Sheffield, this is the right address. Ms. Madilyn stays here.” “Let's go. It's time to talk to Lorraine,” Mildred said with a mocking smirk. She was talking about Madilyn's mother, Lorraine Xander.
When the doorbell rang, Lorraine assumed the delivery guy was there to drop off a parcel. Without checking who it was, she pressed the button to open the iron gates.
Asmile nudged her lips as she walked to the gate to receive the parcel. Without warning, a cane appeared in her sight.
Something occurred to her, and a look of panic crossed her face.
She then saw the face of the man outside her house.
Even though they had not seen each other in seven to eight years, she still couldn’t stop her heart from racing. Despite being flustered, she was unable to contain her anticipation.
Norton soon came to a stop in front of her. At first glance, Norton still looked the same as before.
She couldn't help but notice that he had aged over time. His cheekbones were now more prominent, and his hair had turned partially white.
Lorraine felt her heart sink when she noticed he was gazing at her frostily.
When Mildred showed up, Lorraine swallowed the words at the tip of her tongue.
Two years ago, Mildred came to boast that her daughter would be marrying into an influential family in the south.
Meanwhile, Mildred was similarly at a loss for words when she saw Lorraine.
She had expected Lorraine to look ill and much older after being abandoned, but to her shock, Lorraine looked elegant and even a few years younger than her.
Fury flashed across her eyes as she glared at Lorraine.
"It's been a while,” Norton greeted Lorraine. His gaze flickered with a hint of emotion, but it quickly vanished.
A bitter smile played on Lorraine's lips as she shook her head. "I'm sorry, but who are you? Did you come to the wrong place?”
She knew playing dumb was a childish act, but the sight of the man she once loved standing next to his seemingly perfect wife was the last thing she wanted to see.
Lorraine couldn't help but remember Madilyn's advice. The man had been cruel enough to break their wedding vows and abandon both her and their child for his own selfish interests. Hence, she didn't bother being nice to him.
As it seemed that Lorraine didn't welcome them, Mildred flew into a rage and barked angrily, “Lorraine Xander, stop putting up an act.
You might've changed a lot, but it's still possible to recognize you.
We're here to discuss something important. It doesn't matter whether or not you welcome us, for we must talk today!” 
###Chapter 2009
Chapter 2009
Chapter 2009 Abducted At five in the evening, Madilyn finally wrapped up her work. She went down the stairs, feeling exhausted.
She spotted Jonathan waiting for her with a bouquet of roses in his hand. The sight of him hurrying over to her filled her with warmth, and she couldn't help but smile, feeling her exhaustion begin to fade away.
“Dr. Xander, Mr. Queen, you're a couple now? Oh, this is great. You're a perfect match!”
“Congratulations, Dr. Xander! Your wish has finally come true. Mr. Queen proved to be a capable man when he helped us solve our crisis previously. That was quite manly of him!”
“Wow! Is Dr. Xander dating Mr. Queen for real? That's great! Congratulations, you lovebirds. When are you getting married?”
Madilyn and Jonathan were greeted by smiling medical staff who were getting off work, wishing them well and giving their blessings.
Madilyn wasn't shy at all even though they were the center of attention. She extended her hand and allowed Jonathan to take it, a joyful smile playing on her lips.
“Come, let's go pick Mdm. Xander up. We'll be eating something delicious tonight,” Jonathan told her. He had already reserved a table at a restaurant tonight. As they approached his car, Jonathan opened the door for Madilyn like a true gentleman, waiting for her to get in before he took his place behind the wheel.
Holding the roses, Madilyn was overwhelmed with happiness. Before he could start the engine, she suddenly said, “Come nearer!”
“What's the matter?” Jonathan asked, confused. He moved closer to her, assuming something was wrong with the roses. In an instant, her lips landed on his right cheek, leaving a faint pink mark.
Jonathan was taken aback at Madilyn’s sudden action, but he quickly regained his composure and scratched his head awkwardly. A silly grin graced his face as he realized what had happened.
After the kiss, Madilyn felt her cheeks flush with embarrassment. "Come on, let's go home and pick my mom up!” she urged. Jonathan inclined his head. He then started the engine and drove out of the hospital.
They soon arrived at Madilyn’s neighborhood. From afar, Jonathan noticed the gates were wide open. Confusion flashed across his eyes.
He sped up and drove into the courtyard.
Asense of foreboding rose within him, so he started glancing around after getting out of the car.
However, Lorraine was nowhere to be seen.
“Mdm. Xander? Mdm. Xander!” he called out. From the corner of his eye, he noticed an overturned pot of flowers.
Madilyn had yet to realize what was going on. As she exited the car, she casually called out to her mother, “Mom? Mom! Didn't | ask you to get prepared ahead of time? Are you having trouble deciding what to wear again?”
When they went out for dinner previously, Lorraine spent a lot of time picking out her outfit as she didn't want to embarrass Madilyn and Jonathan.
“Maddy, go upstairs and find out what's going on!” Jonathan's brows furrowed. He noticed some peculiar dents on the ground that appeared to have been created by a walking stick. Noticing her boyfriend's grave expression, Madilyn quickly put her guard up and hurried up the stairs.
They scoured every inch of the house, both indoors and outdoors, but Lorraine was nowhere to be seen.
Shock struck Madilyn like a bolt of lightning. She tried calling Lorraine's phone, but it was in the living room. “What happened?" She grew flustered.
Jonathan remained calm. The mansion was situated in the city, and with surveillance cameras scattered throughout the area, it was seldom targeted by thieves.
After entering the mansion, he noticed that none of the valuable items were missing. Lorraine's purse was still on the coffee table in the living room.
Thus, they could eliminate the possibility of thieves or robbers. Jonathan pondered over it before deciding to check the surveillance footage on the third floor.
Madilyn hurried after him.
The surveillance footage showed Lorraine engaged in a heated argument with Mildred, following which Norton directed his bodyguards to forcibly take Lorraine away with them.
Madilyn froze at the sight. After what seemed like an eternity, her fury finally sprang to live.
She took deep breaths as her chest heaved, “I-It's that b*stard! How dare he abduct my mom? D*mn it!” 
###Chapter 2010
Chapter 2010
Chapter 2010 Mustered Her Courage Jonathan instantly recognized that man.
The man was Madilyn’s biological father, whom she hated so much that she never wanted to talk about. He's the man who abandoned his wife and daughter so that he could marry someone else to advance his personal interests.
"He's Norton Sheffield, the chairman of Southern Star Group in Xandenia. You must have heard of him before. After all, he's quite a famous figure in the business world. But to me, he's nothing more than a piece of trash!”
Madilyn gritted her teeth as her eyes turned bloodshot.
The woman who accompanied Norton was Mildred Hinton from the Hinton family, the despicable bully who used her power to oppress Madilyn and Lorraine in the past.
After learning about Madilyn's birth, Mildred identified her as Norton’s illegitimate child and viewed her as a curse.
Due to that, Madilyn was deprived of a normal childhood and couldn't even attend school like the other kids. Mildred tampered with their lives, determined to drive Madilyn and Lorraine away.
On top of that, Mildred would even bring her two daughters over to Madilyn and Lorraine's house to bully them and destroy their belongings.
When Madilyn was still a child, Norton had come to visit a few times and gave them money, but Mildred would forcibly snatch the money away from them.
Fortunately, Madilyn had always been strong and independent.
Lorraine worked hard doing manual labor to support her daughter's education. By the time Madilyn reached high school, she also started taking up odd jobs to pay for her own tuition fees.
When it was time for Madilyn to further her studies, Lorraine decided to let the former enroll in a university in Horington so that she could stay away from Xandenia. That way, her life would be free from disturbances.
Lorraine, on the other hand, continued to suffer from mental torture for years, and such a condition had taken a toll on her health. Yet, Norton did not appear to offer any assistance.
It was not until Madilyn brought Lorraine to Horington that Roxanne was able to save her life.
Jonathan knew who Norton was, as he was quite an influential figure.
The fact that he was able to expand his business in the challenging environment of Xandenia was an impressive feat, and his achievement earned him a place as one of the top ten businessmen in the country.
However, Jonathan did not see eye to eye with his methods and tactics for running a business. Running a business in Xandenia was like walking a tightrope, so that was why many transactions were done under the table.
“Why? Why did you have to take my mom away? Norton, Mildred, why are you still haunting us when we've clearly been avoiding you?” Madilyn bellowed in anger.
Yet, her anger soon turned to a feeling of helplessness.
Jonathan's expression turned grim. He grabbed Madilyn's hand, pulled her into his arms, and embraced her tightly.
After giving her a gentle pat on her back, he comforted her with reassuring words. “I'm here now, so don't worry. As long as I'm around, no one can bully you or Mdm. Xander anymore!”
His deep and soothing voice prompted Madilyn to release her pent- up emotions.
Years of accumulated grievance and sorrow burst out of Madilyn like a flood breaking through a dam.
Tears streamed down her cheeks as she hugged Jonathan tightly and cried uncontrollably.
“It's okay. Everything's going to be fine. Since I'm here, I'll take care of everything. Even if it means confronting Norton, | won't back down. I'm not afraid of him! No one can bully you because you're the love of my life!” Jonathan continued to console her. His reassuring words instantly warmed her heart.
After a while, she stopped crying and gradually regained her composure. It's great to have him by my side! Suddenly, a surge of courage filled her heart.
“He'll call again. I'm sure he took my mom away because he wanted me to do something for him.” With a clear mind, Madilyn was able to think more rationally now.
Jonathan nodded. "So let's not worry. We'll just wait for his call.” 
###Chapter 2011
Chapter 2011
Chapter 2011 Not To Be Deceived By Him Again At about eight in the evening, just when Madilyn began to feel restless, Lorraine's phone finally rang. After picking up the phone and noticing it was an unknown number, she answered the call.
Over the other end of the phone, a familiar voice sounded. "Madilyn? This is your dad speaking. | took your mom back to Xandenia because there are some things | need her to attend to.”
“What did you do to my mother, Norton Sheffield? You basically abducted her. Do you want me to report you to the cops?” Madilyn roared.
She exploded in rage when she heard how casual and indifferent Norton was.
“You better not mess with my mom. And tell Mildred not to bully her. If anything happens to my mom, | won't let her get away with it.” Madilyn tried keeping her emotions in check but failed.
She only managed to steady her emotions when Jonathan reached out to grip her left hand. “So what do you want from me?” she asked.
While Madilyn vented her anger, Norton remained silent. When she finished speaking, he responded calmly, “When you're free, come back,okay?”
"Stop beating around the bush. Tell me what you want. You took Mom away because you wanted me to do something for you, right?” Madilyn's agitation dissipated as Jonathan's gentle gaze assuaged her anxiety.
She then calmly waited for Norton's response.
“All right, I'll give it to you straight. For the sake of your happiness, I've arranged for you to marry Wilmer from the Cheever family in Xandenia. He's an excellent man and the future heir to his family. If you marry him, you won't have to work your fingers to the bone anymore! Your mother can live with you too. The two of you will be able to live a comfortable life!” Norton uttered.
His remarks rendered Madilyn speechless.
Her fury was so intense that she could not help laughing out loud. “Norton Sheffield, | can't express how disgusted | am with you. | can't believe you're my father. My mom is great at everything, but she's a lousy judge of character!”
She uttered those words in a calm tone. Over on the other end of the phone, Norton finally began to lose his cool. He lowered his tone and said lividly, “What did you
say? Are you questioning your own father?”
"That's right. I'm questioning you. Do you really think you're a capable man? You're just a good-for-nothing who relies on political marriage and networking to build your business! | heard you've arranged a marriage for your eldest daughter, Stella, and now you want to do the same thing to me?” Madilyn exclaimed.
Suddenly, a series of beeps rang out. The phone had disconnected.
As Madilyn hung up the phone, a corner of her lips quirked up. She could imagine the extent to which her words had insulted that man's dignity. Ho must be seething with anger!
"What? Norton wanted to marry you off to someone for the sake of his own personal interests?” Jonathan's expression darkened as he grasped the situation.
Madilyn confirmed his suspicion with a nod before throwing herself into his arms and embracing him tightly. “I won't let him control my life! He's using my mom to manipulate me with his ideas. But | trust my mom. She won't be deceived by him again!”
She was confident that Lorraine would not consent to his scheme. After all, the footage from the surveillance camera clearly indicated that it was Norton who ordered his bodyguards to forcibly take Lorraine away against her will.
“All right. | understand.” A plan began to form in Jonathan's mind as he held her in his embrace. Looks like we have to make a trip to Xandenia to bring Mdm. Xander back. As for Norton's scheme, we don't even have to bother entertaining it! 
###Chapter 2012
Chapter 2012
Chapter 2012 Destined
“Maddy, request to take a few days off from Roxanne. I'll go with you to Xandenia. We must bring Mdm. Xander back.” Jonathan made up his mind, quickly picked up the phone, and asked his assistant to book the plane tickets.
Madilyn nodded and immediately took action by calling her best friend.
Roxanne received Madilyn’s call and agreed without hesitation when she heard that her friend wanted to take a few days of leave to return to Xandenia to handle some matters.
However, Roxanne was still concerned, so she probed further, “Madilyn, what are you going back for? Could it be that Jonathan wants to discuss the wedding with your father? | don't think dealing with that man is at all necessary. He has been disregarding you for a long time anyway. You can just pretend you don't have a father like that. There's no need to stir up unwanted trouble.”
Feeling desperate, Madilyn racked her brain to come up with an excuse to convince Roxanne. After all, Roxanne was pregnant now, and there was no need to distress her further.
Hence, she finally made up an excuse to reassure Roxanne and stammered a response, “That's not the case. How could | care about that man's opinion? We're just going to pay respects to our ancestors and have some fun for a few days. Don't worry. | want nothing to do with that kind of father.”
“That's good. Don't get in touch with them when you go back. If anything happens, remember to let me know,” Roxanne advised. After hanging up the phone, Madilyn felt warmth surging in her heart.
She was no longer alone and without anyone to support her now. At present, she had a man she loved and the best friend anyone could ask for in the world, so she didn't need to fear anything.
To ensure a smooth trip, Jonathan arranged for a dozen bodyguards to accompany them to Xandenia. Norton was very influential there, so if they weren't extra careful, some unexpected accident might happen. In the early hours of the morning, their plane took off from Horington Airport, heading directly for the largest city in Xandenia.
After nearly three hours of flight, they arrived at the airport. Bodyguards lined up to protect Jonathan and Madilyn as they exited the airport. Soon, business personnel from Farwell Group in the city came to receive them.
“Greetings, Mr. Queen. The hotel has been reserved, and if you have any further instructions, please feel free to issue them.” Jonathan nodded, took off his coat, and draped it over Madilyn.
The weather in Xandenia was already freezing cold.
Aconvoy of cars reached the city’s best five-star hotel at breakneck speed amidst the night.
That hotel was also part of Farwell Group's business, and the entire hotel was on high alert for Jonathan's arrival, thinking it was a surprise inspection from the headquarters.
By then, Madilyn was already feeling sleepy, so Jonathan let her bathe right away. He then picked up his laptop and began researching the extent of the Cheever family's business in Xandenia, as mentioned by Norton.
After browsing through some information, he found that the Cheever family's business was mainly in traditional industries related to natural resources. It seemed that they had monopolized those businesses through networking.
Jonathan had no interest in dealing with such businessmen. To put it bluntly, their fortune came from their ancestors’ hard work, and it had nothing to do with their personal abilities.
He contemplated how he should approach Norton upon making contact. Will we invoke an intense retaliation from Norton if we take Mdm. Xander away by force?
Madilyn took a relaxing hot bath and soaked in the bathtub for a long time until her skin turned rosy and radiant.
She felt inexplicably at ease during that trip. That feeling of happiness enveloped by a strong sense of security prompted her to smile gently.
Suddenly, an astonishing thought popped into her mind, and her cheeks that were already flushed from the steam turned even redder. She felt her body temperature rapidly rising.
“Norton, | will never follow your arrangements! | am destined to be Jonathan's woman!” 
###Chapter 2013
Chapter 2013
Chapter 2013 Sincerity The next morning, a row of luxury cars lined up in the Sheffield family mansion's courtyard. Norton was in the living room, receiving the Cheever family's father and son duo.
Jensen Cheever had a bright smile on his face, chatting and laughing with Norton. His son, Wilmer Cheever, sat quietly beside them. He was a good-looking young man exuding an elegant aura.
“Mr. Cheever, Madilyn should be back in a day or two. We'll arrange for her to meet with Mr. Wilmer then, so the youngsters can get to know each other better,” Norton chirped.
Jensen nodded and echoed, “I heard Ms. Madilyn is already a hospital director. It is remarkable that she has achieved so much at such a young age. | feel that my son may be inadequate to be a match for her. Hahaha.”
“Hahaha! Mr. Cheever, you must be joking. That's not true at all! He's definitely good enough for my daughter! Mr. Wilmer is truly a talented young man, helping Cheever Group secure two major projects at such a young age. With such achievements, he stands out among his peers even across the nation!”
After exchanging words of flattery, Norton stood up to see the guests off. When the living room quieted down, he turned and went upstairs, pushing open the guest room door.
At that moment, Mildred was still trying her best to persuade Lorraine. “All the grudges and grievances are in the past. We're also of advanced age now. | know that you've harbored hatred all your life. But now that you're getting old, you should think more about your daughter's future.”
Noticing Norton entering the room, Mildred shot an angry look at him.
Lorraine remained indifferent regardless of how they tried to persuade her. Now, she even stubbornly refused to talk and was reluctant to nod in agreement.
However, in order to finalize that marriage of convenience, Lorraine had to attend the ceremony. Jensen and Wilmer had stated they would respect Madilyn and her mother's opinion.
Norton waved his hand at Mildred, signaling her to leave the room and let him converse with Lorraine. The expression in Mildred's eyes darkened, and she gave Lorraine's back a fierce glare before leaving.
“Norton, there's no need to waste your breath. You cannot arrange Madilyn's marriage as you please. Besides, you never treated her like your biological daughter. Over the years, you've neglected her, not even providing her with basic child support. Don't you have any shame?” Lorraine shifted her gaze from the windowsill and stared angrily at Norton.
“Lorraine, | understand that I've wronged you in this lifetime. That's why—” Norton began to defend himself but was immediately interrupted by Lorraine, “That's enough. Are you sure that's how you feel?
You've been perfectly content all this while. I've come to understand everything after all that I've been through. | admit I've been foolish for falling for your deceit in the past. There's no such thing as love in your eyes. You only care about your personal gains.”
Norton was stumped. His expression stiffened, and he furrowed his brows in fury.
“Lorraine, let's not talk about feelings and discuss benefits. As long as you can get Madilyn to agree to marry the Cheever family's scion, | promise to compensate you and your daughter with several properties and a company. This way, you can also secure a foothold in Xandenia in the future. This should be sufficient to prove my sincerity, right? No matter how hard Madilyn works in Horington, she'll always just be working for others!”
Lorraine was dumbfounded. Indeed, this man is forever only concerned about interests, assuming everyone in the world can be bribed.
Abitter smile spread across her face as she regarded him with an expression as if she no longer recognized him. Any previously lingering fantasies in her mind and feelings in her heart were shattered at that instant. 
###Chapter 2014
Chapter 2014
Chapter 2014 What Gives You The Right Norton tried threatening and tempting her, but Lorraine remained unmoved. Finally, she said placidly, “Norton, stop wasting your energy. Get out now. | really don't wish to see you!”
Suddenly, the veins on Norton's forehead popped as he said with a chilling gaze in his eyes, “Lorraine, if you refuse to agree, you can look forward to spending the rest of your life here.”
Upon hearing that, Lorraine let out an unfathomable laugh. “Don't worry. That is not going to happen. My daughter will be here to save me very soon.”
“Ha! Do you really think your daughter is capable enough to take you away under my nose?” Suddenly, Mildred pushed the door open and strode into the room furiously.
As she was worried that her husband would catch feelings for his former lover again, she had been eavesdropping outside all this time.
“Mildred, | know it's hard for you to believe it, but try to have a little patience. You will receive your karma for everything you have done to harm my daughter and me!” Lorraine glared at Mildred fearlessly, her eyes filled with resentment.
Enraged, Mildred dashed past Norton and stopped in front of Lorraine before raising her hand and slapping the woman across her face.
Aloud slap rang out and reverberated in the air.
“Who do you think you are? Who gave you the right to curse me?” Mildred bellowed through gritted teeth, almost choking on her rage.
The next moment, Norton pulled her back and said, "Mildred, what are you doing? Why bother arguing with someone like her!” Almost instantly, a red palm print surfaced on Lorraine's left cheek. Lorraine had already lost count of the number of times she had been slapped by Mildred.
As she used to be weak and cowardly, she had never dared to defend herself or retaliate. Every time it happened, all she did was cower in fear.
However, things were no longer the same. After returning from the brink of death, and in addition to her daughter's constant encouragement and support, Lorraine was no longer willing to be someone else's punching bag. She leaped to her feet at once and returned a forceful slap to Mildred.
Smack!
Mildred froze and widened her eyes in disbelief.
Norton was stunned as well and looked at Lorraine with a shocked expression.
He was under the impression that Lorraine was a soft and weak woman who would never be able to stand up for herself.
“Mildred, do you think being the daughter of a prominent family gives you the right to treat others innhumanely? What makes you think you can scold or hit others whenever you like?” Lorraine was not intending to stop at just one slap.
As she raised her hand, preparing to give Mildred a second slap, Norton reached out and grabbed her hand. “Lorraine, that's enough!" Norton chided coldly before pushing her away.
Lorraine staggered a few steps backward and fell to the ground.
After returning to her senses, fury surged through Mildred. From the distorted expression on her face, it was obvious that she was dying to strangle Lorraine there and then.
Cursing loudly, Mildred was just about to attack Lorraine when Norton stopped her.
“Stop it! Why are the two of you fighting? We are supposed to be having a discussion. Mildred, calm down!”
In the end, Norton had to drag his wife out of the guest room.
After the two of them left, a satisfied smile appeared on Lorraine's face. She was not feeling the least bit aggrieved. To her, Norton was no different from a stranger. She would no longer do foolish things because of him.
Naturally, nothing he did would affect her.
Currently, Lorraine's priority was to find a way to contact her daughter. She was concerned that Madilyn would be worried if she did not see her when she returned home. Lorraine could only hope that, with Jonathan around, the girl would be less anxious.
Lorraine was certain that Norton would threaten Madilyn to return to Xandenia.
Jonathan would be accompanying her, right?He's definitely the best match for her. 
###Chapter 2015
Chapter 2015
Chapter 2015 Conservative Mildred was a ball of pure anger and continued cursing even after leaving the guest room.
In the living room, she glared at her husband furiously and said, “It seems like you're siding with that woman. Why did you stop me from hitting her? She must be sick of living. How dare she slap me!"
With a grim expression on his face, Norton replied, “Mildred, have you forgotten our ive? If we fail to become in-laws with the Cheever family, it's just a matter of time that Southern Star Group will crumble due to our debts. Everything will be over for us if that happens!”
Mildred gradually fell silent after hearing that.
She would hardly be interested in who that illegitimate child married if Southern Star Group had not fallen into crisis. After all, it was none of her business.
“But you've seen for yourself how uncooperative Lorraine was! Are there any other methods you're intending to use?”
Norton fell into deep thought. A moment later, the housekeeper walked over and reported, "Mr. Sheffield, food is ready." “Bring it to our guest in the guest room and make sure she eats. If she refuses to eat, you will be fired!” Norton waved a hand. Startled, the housekeeper nodded continuously before taking the food upstairs.
After knocking on the door, she entered the guest room with the food.
Lorraine glanced at the dishes and was rather impressed by the spread. Without waiting for the housekeeper to speak, she picked up her utensils and started eating at once.
The housekeeper was slightly stunned as she had expected to have a hard time persuading the guest to eat.
Lorraine was no longer the same silly woman she used to be. She knew that not only would starving herself not help her, but it would also cause her to feel weak and lethargic.
She had decided to eat well and make sure she remained in good health. That way, it would give her an advantage if she ever had to fight Mildred again.
Besides, she did not want Madilyn to worry when they saw each other again. After all, she had lived long enough to understand what was good for her. It was already one in the afternoon when Madilyn woke up at the hotel.
She and Jonathan had arrived in the city the previous night. Madilyn had taken a shower when they reached the hotel and she was looking forward to having some fun with Jonathan.
However, when she walked out of the bathroom dressed in a bathrobe, she saw that the man had already fallen asleep on the couch probably due to exhaustion.
As such, after covering him with a blanket, she returned to her room to rest, feeling disappointed. “Maddy, are you up yet?” Jonathan called out to the woman outside the door.
Although the two of them were already officially in a relationship, Jonathan still made sure that he adhered to certain boundaries. He would not open the door without Madilyn's permission.
“Just come in!” Madilyn got out of bed and put on her bathrobe before heading to the bathroom to wash up.
Only then did Jonathan open the door and entered the room. “Lunch is ready. | didn't wake you up earlier as | wanted you to rest more.”
He took a glimpse at Madilyn and could clearly see the perfect curves of her body, even under the baggy robe.
He could not help but take another glance at her slender legs, which were fully exposed.
The corners of Madilyn's lips curled up when she noticed the man's gaze.
After washing up, she walked toward Jonathan casually before throwing herself into his arms.
Even though Jonathan was slightly flustered by the woman's sudden action, he wrapped an arm around her waist instinctively. However, he loosened his grip a moment later when his hand came into contact with her bare skin.
Madilyn was rather amused, seeing how uptight the man was. Standing on her tiptoes, she planted a kiss on his cheek.
Taken aback, Jonathan froze for a few seconds before regaining his composure. “Let's head to the Sheffield residence immediately after lunch to pick up Mdm. Xander. | don't think Norton Sheffield would do anything to her before seeing you,” he quickly said.
Madilyn nodded and replied, “All right. Give me a moment. I'll go get changed!” Then, she opened her luggage and rummaged through her clothes. When Jonathan heard that the woman was intending to change, he left the room at once.
Madilyn let out an exasperated sigh before mumbling to herself, “I didn't expect him to be so conservative. Or... could it be because he's still inexperienced in this area?” 
###Chapter 2016
Chapter 2016
Chapter 2016 Unworthy To Be My Father
“Norton, I'm back! If you have any conscience left, send my mother to the Kaiser Hotel. | don't want to have anything to do with the Sheffield family!”
After having lunch with Jonathan, the two prepared to head to the Sheffield residence. Before leaving, Madilyn called Norton to give him a final warning.
However, Norton calmly refused her request, “Madilyn, everything is negotiable as long as you're willing to return home. | have my problems too. | hope you can understand.”
Hearing him refer to himself as her father, Madilyn instantly lost her temper. “Norton Sheffield, you need to be clear on something. Someone like you is unworthy of being my father, so don't try to pretend that you're close to me.”
“Madilyn, my decision isn't meant to harm you.”
“Fine. Since you're unwilling to comply and send my mother back, I'll meet you at the Sheffield residence. | don't believe you can do anything to me in broad daylight!”
Madilyn stopped wasting her breaths with him. She nodded at Jonathan, and the two immediately got into a Rolls-Royce, heading straight to the Sheffield residence.
The car was arranged for Jonathan by the hotel. Trailing behind the Rolls-Royce were four to five Mercedes-Benz vehicles, which were occupied by the bodyguards. At the same time, at the Sheffield residence, Norton immediately dialed Jensen's number.
“Mr. Cheever, my daughter has returned. If Mr. Wilmer is free, he can come over now. It's a good opportunity for the youngsters to meet and get to know each other better.”
“Okay. Ms. Madilyn came back so soon. It seems you're very earnest about this marriage and genuinely hope it will work out, Mr. Sheffield.” Jensen agreed and immediately instructed his son, Wilmer, to drive over to the Sheffield residence.
“See, | told you it was right to bring Lorraine back by force. This way, Madilyn would naturally follow her. Even though she's strongly refusing the marriage now, she might change her mind when she sees how handsome Mr. Wilmer is.” Mildred proudly claimed the credit in front of Norton.
“It would be perfect if that's the case.” Norton also nodded, admitting that there was indeed such a possibility.
After all, his eldest daughter, Stella, initially resisted her parents’ arrangement as well. However, after she met with the man she was arranged to marry, they quickly developed feelings for one another and ultimately got married.
Norton's lifelong belief was that feelings weren't actually significant as two people were the most suited to be with one another only if their relationship could benefit both parties.
“| should still go upstairs and have a good talk with Lorraine to let her try to understand our problems. No matter what, we can still cooperate for now, even if we don't reach a mutual consensus. As long as the collaboration with the Cheever family is finalized, it won't matter if Madilyn and Wilmer don't hit it off.”
Although Norton was confident, he still felt that he was not well prepared.
“Fine. | can't be bothered to look at that b*tch Lorraine's face, so you go and talk to her. | can only hope the conversation doesn't rekindle your relationship with her.” Mildred rolled her eyes.
Ignoring her, he hastened upstairs and knocked on the door. “Lorraine, may | come in? Madilyn will be here soon.” Inside the room, Lorraine couldn't help but feel a little worried after she heard Madilyn had returned to Xandenia.
She walked over, opened the door, and regarded Norton with a grimace. She warned him, “Norton, it doesn't matter how you treat me, but you should remember that Madilyn is still your daughter, no matter what. You'd better not use any tactics against her!”
“| got it, Lorraine. | think we need to talk. | hope you'll help me after listening to what | have to say.” Norton was still inclined to adopt a gentle approach as that method had always been highly effective against Lorraine in the past.
Unfortunately, Lorraine was unfazed this time, and she even revealed an impatient look on her face. 
###Chapter 2017
Chapter 2017
Chapter 2017 He Is Getting Old
Just before arriving at the Sheffield family's mansion, Jonathan asked all the Mercedes-Benz behind to stop and instructed over a dozen bodyguards to wait for his command, or if they couldn't reach him on his phone after an hour, they should break into the mansion.
The bodyguards received the order, and the cars dispersed around two to three hundred meters around the mansion. Subsequently, Jonathan returned to the car. Noticing Madilyn was a little nervous, he reached out to wrap his hands around hers.
“Don't worry. I'll definitely take Mdm. Xander away today.” Jonathan's eyes shone with determination, prompting the anxiousness in Madilyn's chest to dissipate gradually.
The mansion's gate was wide open, seemingly to welcome Madilyn home. The Rolls-Royce quickly drove in.
Meanwhile, inside the living room, Mildred caught sight of the Rolls-Royce and murmured, “Mr. Wilmer arrives so soon. It appears he's quite eager to meet Madilyn too. Oh? He drives a new car, and it's a Rolls-Royce, no less. The Cheever family is indeed loaded.”
Norton nodded as well. He got to his feet and walked out to receive Wilmer while wearing a smile. Unexpectedly, after the car door was opened, the person who got out of the vehicle was Madilyn.
The grin on Norton and Mildred's faces froze.
They could hardly recognize Madilyn.
The Madilyn standing before them was no longer the girl they had disregarded more than a decade ago.
Her outfit, her clean and flawless complexion, and the faint otherworldly aura she exuded made it impossible for anyone to associate her with the old Madilyn.
Mildred was especially astounded. Envy blazed within her eyes after she regained her senses. How could Lorraine's daughter undergo such a drastic transformation? She's like an ugly duckling turned into a swan.
As for Norton, he had initially worried that Madilyn's temperament wouldn't match Wilmer's and was planning to find a makeup artist to give her a makeover when she returned.
Upon laying his eyes on her now, he realized that was absolutely unnecessary.
“Madilyn?” Norton called out gently.
Madilyn sized up Norton.
That man was no different from a complete stranger to her. She had only met him briefly twice more than a decade ago. At that time, all she witnessed was that man saying cruel things to her mother.
At that moment, seeing he had also aged with a head of white hair, Madilyn felt no sadness. Instead, an odd sense of satisfaction surged within her.
So, he grows old too! Growing old meant losing the looks of his youth that had caused my love-struck mother to be infatuated with him.
Fury flashed across her eyes as she regarded Norton with an icy gaze.
Then, she shifted her attention to Mildred.
Instantly, her anger reached its peak. Madilyn widened her eyes to glower at Mildred. This woman and her two daughters had bullied me terribly in the past. My books, clothes, and snacks were all ruined by them.
“Mildred, it was your idea, wasn't it? To forcibly take my mother away to pressure me into returning here for the blind date?” Madilyn gritted her teeth while striding up to Mildred.
Startled, Mildred hurriedly turned to Norton. “Norton, look at your daughter. She's acting like she wants to kill me the moment she sees me.”
“Madilyn, what are you doing?” Norton bellowed, stepping in front of Mildred to stop Madilyn from approaching. Madilyn stopped in her tracks and sneered.
“Rest assured. | don't have time to take revenge on you. My purpose here today is to take my mother away. It will be best for us to have nothing to do with your family from now on.”
No matter what, Madilyn wanted to see her mother first and make sure the latter hadn't been mistreated. 
###Chapter 2018
Chapter 2018
Chapter 2018 Rented A Boyfriend “Let's talk inside, MadilynNorton suggested. “I'm so glad you're back.” As it turned out, he too, knew how Mildred used to bully Lorraine and Madilyn.
However, his business had just taken off then, and he barely had time to tend to his family affairs. He knew he couldn't talk sense into Mildred either, so all he could do was check in with Lorraine.
He'd offer to compensate the latter for her trouble whenever they met, but she always turned it down. Instead, she'd criticize him for his betrayal in their relationship and his lack of care toward Madilyn.
Norton did feel remorseful about his actions at the start, but alas, that ball of guilt gradually disappeared as time passed.
He couldn't lose the business empire he had so painstakingly built from scratch, nor could he lose his reputation and social status. Relationships, on the other hand, weren't necessary to him.
“Quit putting on an act, Norton Sheffield. | won't agree to your terms. There's also no way I'll ever abide by your arrangements. All | want is to take my mother away. Please bring her out now, or else...” Madilyn said coldly as she stared daggers at Norton.
If looks could kill, she'd have slain the man on the spot.
/ can't believe shameless men like him exist! It's bad enough that he dumped Mom and me and ignored us for over a decade, but it's even worse that he now wants to marry me off for his own benefit! Argh! It's an utter embarrassment to be related to him!
“Or else what?” Mildred interrupted, no longer able to hold her anger in. “Let's get one thing clear, Madilyn... This is Xandenia, not Horington.”
As much as Mildred hated to admit it, Madilyn's actions did scare her earlier. However, she remembered how she used to bully the mother and daughter, so why should she fear them now?
So what if Madilyn's driving a Rolls-Royce? No matter how rich she gets, she can't change what she's inherently born with! Wait a minute... Could the car be a rental? Someone might have given her the idea to put up this bluff! Now that | think of it, this car looks familiar. Ah! Doesn 't it belong to Kaiser Hotel's general manager?
After checking the car's registration plate to confirm her suspicions, Mildred curled her lips into an arrogant smirk. “Haha! Shame on you, Madilyn Xander! You rented this car from the hotel, didn't you? I'm impressed you even hired a driver for it. How much is the daily rate? My, my... To think you'd go to such extremes to put up a front.”
Madilyn, on the other hand, was speechless.
Huh? | can't believe Mildred's focus is on the car. Then again, that's hardly surprising. After all, she's the kind who always judges people by their appearances and material possessions. In other words, she's a snob.
Norton's gaze darkened as he turned to Madilyn. “What's the deal with this car? Is it really a rental?”
“Birds of a feather sure do flock together!” Madilyn exclaimed as she shook her head and chuckled. "Norton, Mildred, does this mean you'll only think highly of me if this Rolls-Royce is mine? And if not, you'll see me as a pushover?”
Asneer instantly crept across Mildred's face. “Of course! If you have the cheek to fake being rich, don't blame me for calling you out!”
Just then, a slow clap rang out from the Rolls-Royce. Clap! Clop! Clap! The next second, Jonathan stepped out of the car with an amused grin plastered across his face.
“By the way, Mr. and Mrs. Sheffield, Madilyn didn't just rent the Rolls-Royce. She rented a boyfriend, too!” 
###Chapter 2019
Chapter 2019
Chapter 2019 Do Not Need Your Approval
Neither Norton nor Mildred had realized there was someone other than the driver in the car, but as soon as Jonathan appeared, they began looking him up and down.
Sharp-eyed as always, Norton immediately noticed that Jonathan was dressed head to toe in low-key luxury items.
Even the latter's watch was a Patek Philippe that boasted an eyewatering price tag.
More importantly, Norton could tell that the young man carried himself with the utmost class and elegance.
Jonathan glanced at the couple before walking up to Madilyn and gently pulling her into an embrace, his gaze soft and loving. For some reason, Madilyn's frustration instantly melted away when she felt the man's tender touch and stared into his eyes.
Mildred, on the other hand, remained skeptical as she turned to her husband. “Norton, | don't think we know this young man, do we?”
Norton nodded. Deep down, however, he was somewhat uncomfortable to see his daughter behaving so intimately with another man. “Are you from Horington?”
Jonathan couldn't help but chuckle to himself. Ah... Norton sure is one sly, old fox. | can't believe he figured that out so quickly.
“Yes. I'm indeed from Horington. I'm also Madilyn's boyfriend. | heard her father summoned her home for a blind date, so | tagged along to see if the guy's any better than me.”
Even though Jonathan's voice was steady and calm, Norton and Mildred knew he was sending them a warning shot.
“Listen here, mister. | don't care if you really are Madilyn's boyfriend or not. She has come home today to discuss family matters with us. Don't you think it's rude of you to show up uninvited?” Mildred snapped.
Norton too, had narrowed his eyes in fury.
This is the Sheffield residence, for goodness’ sake! No matter how powerful this young man from Horington is, he has no right to disrespect me in my territory!
“Family matters? Rude?" Madilyn scoffed. “Have you made a mistake, Mildred Hinton? I've never regarded you as family. Besides, you guys were the ones who dragged my mother from Horington to Xandenia. Not only is that rude, but it's also a crime!”
Needless to say, Mildred was shocked by how sharp-tongued Madilyn had become.
Just as she was about to retort, Norton suddenly stopped her.
“Tell me which family you're from, young man! You claim to be my daughter's boyfriend, but | haven't approved of you yet!” Norton bellowed as he slowly walked toward Jonathan, a menacing aura about him.
The latter, however, showed no fear and boldly approached the older man.
“Mr. Sheffield, | don't need your approval to be Madilyn's boyfriend, do I? Besides, Madilyn hasn't acknowledged you as her father, either.”
Norton suddenly froze in his spot as his eyes narrowed into a seething glare.
Despite that, Jonathan remained unperturbed. “What's the matter, Mr. Sheffield? Do you intend to use your usual tactics in Xandenia to deal with me?” 
###Chapter 2020
Chapter 2020
Chapter 2020 Could Not Afford To Offend “How dare you!” Right then, Norton was on the brink of losing all reason.
However, he had always been a cunning person, so he ultimately suppressed his wrath upon seeing that Jonathan was not the least bit intimidated. Instead, the man remained calm and unruffled.
Not in the mood to yak with him, Jonathan asserted bluntly, “Listen here, Mr. Sheffield. I'm Jonathan Queen from the Queen family in Horington, and I'm Madilyn's current boyfriend! Other than me, Madilyn is never going to marry anyone else.”
In a flash, Madilyn snapped her head over and gaped at the man.
He was exceedingly shy when | was changing at noon, but right now, it's as though he has turned into a different person altogether, with a strong sense of superiority emanating from him!
Jonathan held her gaze, his eyes promptly brimming with tenderness and indulgence.
“The Queen family?” Mildred was startled for a moment. In the next instant, she swung her gaze at her husband. Norton's brows were knitted deeply together. Nonetheless, his initially dark expression had eased significantly.
It went without saying that he knew of the Queen family in Horington.
That's the Farwell family's core ally, possessing hundreds of billions in assets and having a hand in various industries! | never thought that Madilyn would have such a boyfriend! His power and background are more than ten times greater than the Cheever family. No wonder he acted all high and mighty earlier!
If it were in the past, he would have immediately put on a different expression and changed his attitude toward the heir of the Queen family.
At that moment, however, he simply could not get over his pride. “Perhaps all this was merely a misunderstanding, Mr. Queen.” At the end of the day, his voice became gentle and took on a milder tone.
Great turmoil brewed within Mildred when she glimpsed the helplessness in her husband's eyes and heard his sudden change of tone.
So, the Queen family in Horington is far greater than the Cheever family? How could this b ‘tch born of Lorraine have such good luck?
Unadulterated envy and resentment blazed within her, but she dared not utter a single word further.
“Regardless of whether it was a misunderstanding, Mr. Sheffield, my purpose in coming here today is very simple—to pick Mdm. Xander up. As for your subsequent arrangements, we'll talk about them at a later time!” Jonathan's aura could seemingly be repressed, for he also calmed down slowly.
However, his words were finally taken seriously by Norton and Mildred.
After they had exchanged a glance, they had no choice but to accept the fact that the Queen family in Horington was not an existence they could afford to offend.
Despite the vast distance between the two places, the influence of the Queen family could still reach them, not to mention that of the Farwell family, who was even more powerful than the Queen family.
“Don't worry, Madilyn. Your mother is perfectly fine. I'll go and call her down to meet you right away!” In the end, Norton could only relent with a nod.
He whirled around and went into the mansion, leaving Mildred there at a loss.
Ignoring her completely, Jonathan flashed Madilyn a reassuring smile.
“Thank you, Jonathan!”
In truth, it had never crossed Madilyn's mind that her boyfriend would be able to help her find her mother so easily, and with such a show of authority at that.
No wonder he had a backup plan in place, not only driving a Rolls- Royce but also bringing a dozen bodyguards. He was planning to try negotiating first before employing force!
Shortly after, Lorraine was brought out. The instant she spotted her daughter and Jonathan, she hurried over to them.
“Jonathan, Maddy, did they do anything to you?” Having said that, she jerked her head around and shot daggers at Norton and Mildred.
Both Norton and Mildred wore grim expressions on their faces as they were forced to stand idly by and watch everything unfold.
Allowing Lorraine to go that day signified that their hope to be linked with the Cheever family through marriage would be completely shattered.
In response, Jonathan shook his head. He asked in return, “Did they do anything to you, Mdm. Xander?”
Madilyn hugged her mother and checked her over. It was not until she had ascertained that there were no injuries on Lorraine that she breathed a sigh of relief.
“Mom, get into the car, quick! We'll talk further on the way back.” Taking her hand, Madilyn climbed into the Rolls-Royce.
Meanwhile, Jonathan unhurriedly turned back and said to Norton, “Thank you, Mr. Sheffield. If you were to go to Horington next time, do come to the Queen residence for a visit. I'll definitely welcome you warmly!” 
###Chapter 2021
Chapter 2021
Chapter 2021 Powerless To Salvage Things Roxanne found something off about Madilyn's claim of making a trip back to Xandenia to visit her ancestors’ graves.
Mdm. Xander isn't from Xandenia in the first place, merely having gone there to work when she was young. What ancestors could the Xander family hove there? With that said, Madilyn couldn't possibly be visiting her biological father's ancestors’ graves. After all, that piece-of-trash father of hers doesn't regard her os a daughter even now.
Following that line of thought, she was convinced that her best friend was lying to her and had some other reason for going to Xandenia.
That aside, it must have something to do with that sc*mbag father of hers. When Lucian returned home, he swiftly informed his wife about the situation.
He told her that Cayden reported about Jonathan bringing along a great number of bodyguards when he accompanied Madilyn to Xandenia.
At once, the couple started worrying. Is he planning to hove a fight with someone that he brought so many bodyguards along? Thus, Roxanne quickly phoned her best friend.
As soon as the call went through, she asked urgently, “Are you okay, Madilyn? Did something serious happen? Don't hide it and keep me in the dark. Tell me, quick!”
Realizing that she would not be able to keep the truth from Roxanne, Madilyn told her everything. As Roxanne listened, fury lined her features, and she gritted her teeth hard.
“Stay calm, Roxanne. You must keep yourself in a good mood now that you're pregnant. We're all fine and are on our way back. However, we're not planning to take a flight this time. Jonathan said he'd bring us around for some fun while making the return trip.”
Madilyn sounded relaxed, putting Roxanne at ease.
All that notwithstanding, she had a new understanding of her best friend's piece of trash of a father, Norton, and his contemptible family.
Good Lord! Forcibly taking Mdm. Xander away is already a crime. On top of that, they even had delusions of using Madilyn as a pawn for a political marriage! How ridiculous!
After hanging up the phone, Roxanne related the situation to Lucian. When Lucian had listened to it all, he wore a relaxed expression, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
“Jonathan has really seen the light. With this trip, not only has he secured his girlfriend, but he'd undoubtedly won his future mother- in-law over. Let's just wait to attend their wedding.”
Mulling it over, Roxanne felt that it indeed made sense. “I'm still mad, Lucian. Norton Sheffield is a downright sc*mbag!” Rage still blazed within her.
“| know of him. He's exceedingly barbaric in his tactics of doing business in Xandenia. | reckon there's likely a problem with Southern Star Group that he's so desperate to force Madilyn into a political marriage. In that case, | don't mind giving things a push.”
With that said, Lucian snagged his phone and gave Cayden a call.
“Investigate the condition of Southern Star Group in Xandenia and teach their chairman, Mr. Sheffield, a hard lesson!”
“Understood!” Cayden answered, all too familiar with the tactics in doing so.
In no time, he dug out a ton of problems with the company. There was a whole boatload of them.
It turned out that Southern Star Group invested in mineral resources abroad in recent years, but all the projects failed. The company's debt ratio had also swelled to epic proportions. With just a prick, it would burst like a balloon.
In fact, it had even violated the law in many ways previously, such as its real estate companies acquiring land by illegal means and its mineral processing plants causing severe damage to the environment.
In the face of all that, Lucian ordered, “Leak everything out.”
Needless to say, an empty company worth nothing much in market value could not withstand such scandals. Hence, Southern Star Group's shares would certainly plummet for several days in a row until the company became insolvent.
Consequently, the various banks and creditors would definitely come knocking at the door to collect the debts in a mad frenzy.
At that time, Norton would be powerless to salvage things. 
###Chapter 2022
Chapter 2022
Chapter 2022 He Is Done For
Meanwhile, at the Sheffield residence, Wilmer's Porsche pulled up at the entrance. As Wilmer stepped out of the car, he adjusted his clothes before walking into the living room in a composed manner.
He had seen a photo of Madilyn. Ever since that first sight, he had been unable to get her off his mind. Her exquisite features seemed to be out of this world.
Thus, even though Wilmer knew that Norton had arranged this marriage of convenience to save Southern Star Group from imminent danger, he was willing to go through with his proposal. In fact, he had even convinced his father Jensen to allow him to get married.
After all, in Wilmer's mind, it was natural to give up a little bit of money to court and win over a belle. However, what awaited Wilmer was Norton's dejected expression and Mildred's dark gaze.
“Mr. Sheffield, hasn't Madilyn returned?” Wilmer frowned, evidently displeased with the situation. Norton raised his head to look at Wilmer, not knowing what to say.
Just as he was about to explain the situation by blaming Madilyn's disobedience, Mildred shot up from her seat in fury at that exact moment. Gritting her teeth, she seethed, “Mr. Wilmer, you're way too good for Madilyn. Never would we have imagined that she has gotten a boyfriend behind our back and has now even gotten herself pregnant! We're enraged beyond words! Just before you arrived, her dad had gotten into a huge argument with her.” Mildred sighed in exasperation. “Oh, | can't believe this!”
Wilmer blinked, dumbfounded. For a second, words eluded him. The next moment, a look of disgust filled his eyes. He had been expecting a morally upright woman.
“Fine! Since that's the case, this whole ordeal cannot be carried forward. Goodbye, Mr. Sheffield!” Wilmer was burning with rage as he turned around and walked away impatiently.
Norton's lips quivered, but no words came out.
If he were to be truthful, he had to admit that vilifying Madilyn's morality would immediately make the Cheever family back down from the deal.
Mildred's approach was better than his plan to provide the Cheevers with endless explanations. If that were to happen, he might very well offend the Cheever family instead.
In the end, he turned to look at Mildred with a crestfallen expression. “Darling, can your side of the family still lend us some money? We just need about one hundred million to be able to redeem the mineral resources abroad. By then, we can continue to develop the area and get through this difficult time!”
Instantly, Mildred shrieked like a cat whose tail had been stepped on, “Norton, where would my family still have the money? We've given what we can to you a long time ago, and didn't that result in a severe loss as well? If you ask me, since your daughter has gotten entangled with the Queen family of Horington, you should consider asking the Queen family for help! See if they can at least help patch up some holes in this sinking ship!”
Norton was rendered speechless. He threw Mildred a look of exasperation as though one would look at an idiot.
All the while, Mildred and her two daughters had been bullying Lorraine and Madilyn. Not to mention that they had practically kidnapped Madilyn back to Xandenia that time around. How could they hope that his future son-in-law Jonathan would help them?
They should be grateful that Jonathan had not turned hostile and sought revenge. Just as Norton was lost in thought, his phone suddenly rang. It was a call from the secretary of the board of directors.
“Mr. Sheffield, there's terrible news! Our company's shares are plummeting as we speak! What on earth had happened? Do you know anything about it? The board of directors is hoping that you can show up immediately for a meeting!”
Norton froze on the spot.
Alas, one attracts what one fears.
Mildred was still going on and on, nagging relentlessly beside him. All of a sudden, Norton exploded. “Shut the hell up!”
Taken by surprise, Mildred stared at him in shock before roaring, “Why the fick are you shouting? What's the use of you shouting at me?”
Norton no longer wanted to talk to her. Getting up from his seat, he got ready to go to the office.
However, before he could leave the house, a series of cars drove into the compound.
Upon closer inspection, Norton realized that those were all people he knew.
Among them was a manager of a bank which Southern Star Group had taken a five hundred million loan from. He had been postponing the payment again and again.
Another was a person in charge of a private funds group. With a look of fury written on his face, he dashed to the living room the moment he stepped out of the car.
Following suit were many contractors. All of them looked unfriendly as they marched toward Norton. “Mr. Sheffield, we can't tolerate it any longer. You're a big shot. Shouldn't you be able to settle a small debt of a few million?”
“Mr. Sheffield, the upper management is beginning to take action. If the numbers don't tally, | will lose my job. Please be merciful and pay up the five hundred million that you owe.”
“Norton Sheffield, Southern Star Group is done for! What are we going to do now? | demand you to give me an answer!”
That day, the gate of Norton's mansion was broken into by countless people. Shocked out of her wits, Mildred hurried upstairs and locked the door. 
###Chapter 2023
Chapter 2023
Chapter 2023 Making Arrangements Jonathan and Madilyn were completely clueless about Lucian's harsh punishments against Norton. The sun was already setting. A Rolls-Royce was on the road, heading to Horington from Xandenia.
More specifically, Jonathan had slowed down the car after they had passed the outskirts of the city to enjoy the beautiful and unique scenery.
“Where do you get this car, Jonathan? Doesn't this car belong to the person in charge of the hotel?” Lorraine was overjoyed to see how much in love Madilyn and Jonathan were.
Jonathan shook his head in response. “Mdm. Xander, this car doesn't belong to the person in charge. The car is specially provided by the company for the hotel to welcome distinguished guests. Thus, I've requested to borrow it for a few days. Once we arrive at Horington, I'll ask someone to return the car!”
“| see. Well, that's splendid! This car can make Mildred know her place in an instant! | assume the car is extremely expensive!” Lorraine had never sat in a Rolls-Royce before, even though Norton had one in the past. Despite that, Lorraine had always refused to sit in it. After all, she knew the car was Mildred's dowry.
“Mom, this car is, in fact, expensive. The price can go up to a few million. However, it wouldn't be difficult for Jonathan to buy one if he wanted to, but there's no need for that at the moment.” Madilyn sighed inwardly. It looks like Mom knows nothing about the assets of the Queen family.
Jonathan merely smiled as he explained, "Mdm. Xander, you can find cars like this in my house too. In fact, some of them cost more than the one I'm driving now! I've driven them when | was younger, but | don't drive as much anymore. If you like this car, | can assign a driver to drive the one at home and make it your personal transport!”
Jonathan's words made Lorraine beam in excitement. She was feeling utterly spoiled.
Meanwhile, Madilyn looked at Jonathan from the corner of her eyes, impressed by his tactics to win his future mother-in-law over. Warmth filled her heart as she smiled.
The car came to a stop at a rest area. Stepping out of the car, Jonathan went in search of some food and warm water for the mother-daughter pair to have on the road. Seeing that, both Lorraine and Madilyn were touched by his thoughtfulness.
When Jonathan returned to the car, Lorraine began discussing the matters of marriage. She wanted to know if the Queen family had any other requests from her end.
“Mom, don't you think you're thinking too far ahead? Jonathan and | have just started dating a few days ago. We just want to go dating and have fun now!” Madilyn rolled her eyes at Lorraine as a blush crept up her face.
To her surprise, Lorraine gave her a warning look. “Do you know how old you are now? You can go on your sweet dates after you got married. Moreover, Jonathan's family is a famous prestigious family in Horington. You should be worried about whether or not you area good fit!”
“My gosh. What kind of mother would berate her own daughter like that?” Madilyn pouted before turning to Jonathan. Acting coy, she blinked innocently before asking, “Jonathan, tell me. Do you think I'm a good fit?”
Jonathan chuckled before nodding fervently. “Of course! You're a terrific fit!” He then smiled at Lorraine. “Mdm. Xander, don't worry. There isn't any rule in my house. Everyone's just waiting for me to get married soon!”
“Okay! Then when we return, can you arrange a meet-up between me and your parents? Would that be all right?” Lorraine seemed to be anxious.
It was as though she was worried that her daughter would never get married.
“Sure! When we got back, I'll ask my folks to have a chat with you. My parents are really easy to get along with!” Jonathan did not hesitate to give a firm answer.
Upon hearing that, Madilyn did not make another noise.
Her heart was racing in her chest.
It didn't seem too bad of an idea for Lorraine to speed up the process and send them straight to the altar.
From the corner of her eyes, Madilyn peeped at Jonathan's handsome side profile. A surge of sweetness filled her heart. Jonathan seemed to feel it too. Turning his head slightly, he met her eyes with a look of warm affection.
“Oh, that's right. Mdm. Xander, we have to make a stop at the town in front. | heard that the scenery there is breathtaking. We'll reserve two hotel rooms to stay in. What do you think?” Jonathan asked in a gentle tone.
Lorraine nodded instantly. “No problem. Two rooms would be just nice. You and Maddy can take one while | take the other.”
When he heard that, Jonathan was taken aback. He had intended for Madilyn to share a room with Lorraine. He did not expect Lorraine to make such an arrangement.
Madilyn's face turned a bright shade of red. She immediately protested, “Mom, what are you talking about? I'll be sleeping in your room!” 
###Chapter 2024
Chapter 2024
Chapter 2024 What For
As Jonathan and Madilyn had already gone on their “honeymoon,” Roxanne began planning in her head for her honeymoon trip with Jonathan.
It was almost winter holiday, so the children were free as well.
Furthermore, she had yet to reach the stage where her pregnancy was obvious, so she could still freely move around. Hence, Roxanne began picking the destinations for the trip.
Lucian agreed to it. He felt that it was time for him to reward himself after working hard for Farwell Group for so many years. Of course, he said those words on purpose before Elias.
After all, Elias left the mess to his son so that he could enjoy his own life before he even reached forty. It seemed like he was confident that Lucian would be able to handle the company well.
Sonya then chimed in, suggesting family-friendly places.
Right then, Elias burst everyone's bubble. “Roxanne, | don't think it's a good idea to go anywhere now. After all, Grant's condition has not stabilized yet.”
Roxanne froze. The mention of that man brought a bitter smile onto her face.
For dozens of years, Grant had never given her even one second of attention—it was as if she was dead to him. Naturally, it would not be her habit to think about him.
"I'll continue performing acupuncture for him today before taking him to the hospital for a checkup. I'd like to find out how the tumor is,” Roxanne muttered.
Sonya and Elias nodded.
Lucian started consoling his wife. “Regardless of everything, we'll send him off. Consider this as us being kind. We always go on holiday some other time in the future.”
“All right. We'll go on a family trip by then. I'm sure we'll have an easier time taking care of the children with Mom and Dad with us," Roxanne said as she turned to Sonya with a smile.
Sonya was not expecting to hearthat from her, and a smile manifested on her lips in pleasant surprise. Then, she bobbed her head and answered, “Sure. I'll help with the children with Elias.”
That afternoon, Roxanne and Lucian went back to the Farwell main residence.
They asked the housekeeper about Grant's recent condition, and it seemed like he was mostly fine. He had a routine for his meals and sleep. Although there were times when his gastritis would flare up, his medicine could keep it under control.
When Roxanne entered the room, something on the wall caught her attention and made her snap her head upward.
It was a large wedding photo of Grant and her mother.
Evidently, the photo was a new print, for the colors were vibrant.
Roxanne's mother was smiling sweetly in the photo. Maybe she thought she was the most blessed woman in the world at that time, Roxanne mused. Who would have known that the man who promised to spend the rest of his life with her would betray her? She cried so much that her tears went dry. Then, she was so sad that she broke down.
Roxanne stared at the photo for a long time before resentment swelled in her chest. She turned to look at Grant.
Grant seemed dazed as he stared right at the photo.
Then, a look of pain crossed his face, and tears welled up in his eyes.
“Roxanne, I'm sorry. I've made a mistake. A grave mistake. | was too ambitious that | lost everything in the end. I've wronged your mother, and | owe her so much. | wish I could die faster so that | could apologize to her in the afterlife,” Grant cried out before dissolving into tears as he broke down.
His words and his cries made Roxanne feel so uncomfortable that she retreated from the room. She wanted to recompose herself too, or else she would not be able to treat Grant either.
The housekeepers walked over cautiously and whispered to Roxanne, “Mrs. Farwell, your father has been crying these few days. He kept apologizing to the photo.”
Roxanne curled her lips into a mocking smile. "Is that so? Well, you just need to do your job and ignore him.”
What's the use of regret and apologies when you're on the verge of death? My mother won't come back to life. Regardless of whether you ‘re sincere or not, do you think you hove another chance at this? You don't. The destruction you've brought to this family will always be here until the end of time. 
###Chapter 2025
Chapter 2025
Chapter 2025 | Really Want To Go With You After recollecting herself, Roxanne began performing acupuncture on Grant. Soon, Grant slowly calmed down, but he did not dare to lift his head to look at his daughter.
However, his complexion looked better than before. The waxy pallor had gone away, but he was still yellower than the average person.
“We'll go to the hospital for a checkup today,” Roxanne told him in a soft voice.
Nevertheless, she did not wait for Grant's response before leaving the room and asking the housekeeper to make preparations for the trip.
Lucian walked over to his wife's side and held her hand. With a nod and a smile, he said, “You've done everything you could. The luckiest thing in his life is that he has you as a daughter.”
Awry smile crept onto Roxanne's face. “Maybe. But the unluckiest thing in my life is that | have a father like him.” After the preparations, Lucian and Roxanne drove Grant to the hospital.
The tests took a long time, but Roxanne did not need to worry about it.
Madilyn's leave was long, so Roxanne had asked Linda to temporarily help manage some of Madilyn's work. Linda had arranged one test after another without wasting much time.
Two hours later, the results were out. Linda even held a meeting with the various doctors to come up with a summary report.
She then informed Roxanne, “Dr. Jarvis, the doctors of various departments have come to the conclusion that the tumor in Mr. Jarvis' stomach has stabilized and is even showing signs of shrinking. The cancer cells that have spread to other places are showing signs of stabilizing as well. Hence, the doctors hypothesized that he has another three more months to live.”
A sorrowful look flittered across Linda's face once she was done telling Roxanne about that, and she added, “I am sorry, Dr. Jarvis.”
“He has three extra months to live. Roxanne, your treatment is working,” Lucian said, patting Roxanne's shoulder.
“Not bad. He's lucky to have so many days left to live,” Roxanne muttered in a flat tone. No one could tell whether she was happy or sad.
Linda thought that Roxanne and Lucian would be devastated, but it seemed like they were not, so it would be better for her to keep quiet.
The doctors did not prescribe Grant any medicine after his tests. They all knew that Grant only have that much time to live because Roxanne was fighting against the grim reaper for him with her treatment.
After exiting the hospital, Lucian told Grant the results of his tests.
He seemed to have fallen deep in his thoughts when he heard that he had more days to live, but Lucian could not figure out what he was thinking about.
Along while later, Grant finally said, “Lucian, Roxanne, can you take me to the cemetery? I'd like to visit her.”
Roxanne, who was in the front passenger seat, turned to glance at Grant.
“Okay, we'll bring you there,” Lucian swiftly replied. Grant's action would bring some meaning to Roxanne's treatment. When they reached the cemetery, the sky abruptly darkened, and raindrops began falling.
Roxanne and Lucian both stood at the entrance of the cemetery as they watched Grant slowly move his way up the stairs until he reached Roxanne's mother's grave.
Upon seeing his first wife's photo on the gravestone, Grant froze and stared at her face for a long while.
Finally, he pulled the hem of his shirt and began wiping the gravestone, his tears rolling down his cheeks. He mumbled under his breath, “I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. Please take me with you... | really want to leave with you now. Please forgive me...”
Lucian held Roxanne's hand and guided her back into the car. After over an hour, Grant finally trudged out of the cemetery. By then, he was soaked from head to toe.
His eyes were dull as if he had left his soul behind at the grave. He did not speak even after getting into the car. 
###Chapter 2026
Chapter 2026
Chapter 2026 Heirloom
Ata mansion in the suburbs of Herington, Winnie received a call from Grant. She was shocked to learn that he had cancer and was facing imminent death.
Upon hearing the news, Winnie paused for a moment before responding coldly, “You reap what you sow, Grant. You deserve it!”
After a brief silence, Grant calmly asked, “Winnie, | only called to ask for one thing. Do you remember the heirloom that belonged to Roxanne's mother? Please return it to me so that | can give it to Roxanne.”
Winnie's eyes blazed with anger as she bellowed, "What nonsense are you talking about? | have never taken it!” Her son, Yosef, who had heavy dark circles under his eyes, kept yawning and asking, “Mom, who's on the phone?” “Your dad,” she snapped.
Grant's voice lowered a few notches. “Winnie, I'm dying. | hope you still have a little bit of conscience. Return the heirloom, and we're even!”
“Listen up, Grant. | didn't take it! | did want to take it back then. We searched the whole house, but we couldn't find it. It’s up to you to believe it or not! Don't call me again in the future!”
Winnie hung up the phone before Grant could respond. Yosef was unfazed by her furious expression and instead prodded, “Mom, hurry up and cook!”
Feeling annoyed by her son's listless state, Winnie could not help but chide, “Yosef, you need to get a job! You come home late and leave early every day. Besides, your gambling addiction is out of control. Don't you care about your family?”
Frowning, the man glared at his mother and retorted, “Why should | care? We're getting divorced because I'm not good enough for her. Therefore, | deserve to be ill-treated. Besides, | can't find a job anywhere because Grant has been blacklisted. What have | done to deserve this?”
After speaking, Yosef went to the kitchen to look for something to eat, leaving Winnie in the living room, still in shock.
Fortunately, her daughter had married a wealthy businessman, which was why they could afford to live in this mansion. In contrast, both her son and her husband were useless.
Meanwhile, at the Jarvis residence, Grant calmly analyzed the situation after the call ended.
Roxanne and Lucian were waiting quietly beside him.
Grant had informed them that Roxanne's mother had left an heirloom, which he suspected may have been stolen by Winnie. This was the reason for his earlier call.
"Dad, maybe Winnie sold it long ago,” Lucian said, thinking that was the most likely possibility.
Despite being composed all this time, Roxanne's curiosity was piqued upon learning that the missing item was her mother's precious heirloom, and she couldn't help but wonder what it was.
Grant shook his head, denying Lucian's speculation. “Not very likely. If Winnie took it, she wouldn't have denied it just now...” he replied with a frown.
“So, what exactly is in my mother's heirloom? Is it very valuable? Winnie is even more despicable than | thought. She even wants to take possession of the heirloom!” Roxanne said agitatedly.
Lucian reassured, “Don't worry, I'm sure Mom's heirloom must still be in this old house. Since Winnie didn't steal it, we just need to search for it properly, and we might just find it!”
Grant nodded in agreement. “Roxanne, we will search thoroughly and hand the item over to you once it is found.” 
###Chapter 2027
Chapter 2027
Chapter 2027 Her Birthday
Upon returning to the Farwell residence, Elias and Sonya asked about Grant's condition. Seeing that his wife looked exhausted, Lucian asked her to go upstairs and rest.
He then informed the rest about Grant's condition.
“He's fine! Roxanne's medical skills are truly amazing. The hospital said that Grant only had half a month to live, but he can now live for three months after her treatment!”
Elias was awed by Roxanne's skills.
Sonya, however, had a more indifferent reaction. “People like Grant don't deserve to live that long. Fortunately, he has such a capable daughter, but he has never treated her well.”
Before Elias left for the school to pick up the children, Lucian instructed the couple not to mention the life-and-death issues in front of the children.
When the children returned, they all wanted to talk to their mother. Lucian quickly persuaded them, “Your mommy is a little tired today. Let her rest for a while!”
The three little ones nodded obediently and promised to behave.
After sleeping for over an hour, Roxanne woke up feeling much more energetic.
It was normal to feel sleepy in the early stages of pregnancy.
As soon as she walked out of the room, the children rushed out, smiling. “Mommy, you're awake!” The sight of their happy faces lifted Roxanne's spirits.
“Mommy, | have a gift for you!” Estella kissed her mother and ran into her room. When she came out, she had a very exquisitely knitted scarf in her hand.
When Roxanne crouched down to hug her daughter, she immediately wrapped the scarf lightly around her mother's neck. After tidying it up, she asked expectantly, “Mommy, is it comfortable? Do you feel warm?”
“Essie is really brilliant! The pattern on this scarf is really beautiful. It's no wonder she's a little genius in design. The scarf is fluffy and soft, it really suits me. Thank you so much.” Roxanne never hesitated to praise her children.
The little girl smiled brightly and gave her two older brothers a knowing eye gesture as if she had won something. As soon as Archie and Benny saw her reaction, they felt that their gifts to their mother might lose out.
“Mommy, | have something for you too!”
“Me too, Mommy. It's going to get cold soon. Look what | prepared for you!”
The two boys also rushed into the room and then took out the gifts they had prepared.
Their actions puzzled Roxanne a little, and she wondered if there was a special occasion. After all, her children were vying to give her gifts.
And then it hit her.
Today is my birthday!
She had almost forgotten it. Her birthday was right after the beginning of winter!
Archie gave Roxanne an emerald necklace. “Mommy, this is a piece of emerald that | found in the market. It has a history of
several hundred years, but unfortunately, the shopkeeper didn't know its value. | bought it at a discount and then polished it myself!”
With tender eyes, Roxanne received the necklace from Archie and felt its warm and cool touch. Even though the color was not as pure as that of an emerald, it was expertly polished to a smooth finish, revealing Archie's attentive nature.
She immediately leaned down and kissed her son. “Mommy really likes this gift!” “And me, and me! Mommy, | also have a gift!” Benny was very anxious and immediately opened the gift box in his hand.
Roxanne continued to smile brightly. Her eyes lit up when she saw Benny's gift. It was an exquisitely crafted wooden sculpture, which was very delicate and hyper-realistic.
“Mommy, | bought this from the wood market. This is a kind of wood that has been submerged in water all year round. | could only make it this small because | only bought a small piece.”
The wooden sculpture was a goddess statue.
Roxanne looked at it and praised Benny's craftsmanship. “It's amazing! Mommy likes it too. | didn't expect you to be so thoughtful!”
After that, she praised the three little ones, “Mommy likes all the birthday gifts you prepared! Thank you so much!”
However, she couldn't help but feel nervous. What should | prepare for my children's birthdays? Where can | find meaningful gifts? I'm under a lot of pressure being their mom. 
###Chapter 2028
Chapter 2028
Chapter 2028 A Star For Mommy
When Lucian heard the children's laughter, he shouted from the living room downstairs, "It's my turn, Darling! Come down quickly!”
Roxanne's face lit up with a smile of contentment as she descended the stairs, accompanied by the three little ones. She clearly remembered Lucian had chosen to spend time with Aubree on her birthday many years ago. Let's see what gift he has prepared for me today. If his gift is incomparable to the children, I'll have to bring up old grievances!
As they made their way downstairs, they didn't get a chance to see where Lucian was before all the lights in the hall suddenly went out.
“Why is he using the same trick? He did this when he proposed to me last time!” Roxanne muttered to herself as she retained her calm composure.
The children weren't worried either, as they had already rehearsed this with their dad. Suddenly, the sky was illuminated by a brilliant galaxy of stars, covering everything in sight. The hall was also lit up.
Roxanne and the children lifted their heads, looking at the magnificent Milky Way and the sparkling stars and ever-changing nebulae. The sight was so breathtakingly beautiful.
It felt incredibly realistic as if they were floating through the galaxy, traveling through the stars.
The scene changed, and suddenly they saw the blue planet receding from human civilization as they flew further and further away.
They could see the gorgeous planet covered by blue seawater, and many famous landmarks in the country were still visible at first. As they flew further away, Chanaea gradually shrank into the distance.
“Wow! It's so realistic!"
“It's really amazing! The galaxy is so beautifull”
“The feeling of traveling through the universe is really fantastic!”
The three little ones exclaimed in amazement, and the view of the sky changed again.
They could recognize the eight planets orbiting around Earth and pointed them out one by one. Mercury, Jupiter, Mars, Saturn... Estella pointed to Pluto, which unfortunately had been demoted from a planet.
Although Roxanne wasn't as excited as the children, she still felt like she was in a dream.
But she was still waiting.
Where's Lucian's gift?
As the scene changed continuously, the children exclaimed, "Mommy, we are heading toward the moon! That's our moon!” “Hey, there's someone on the moon!”
“Oh wow, Daddy is on the moon! How did he do that?”
The children's surprised voices caught Roxanne's attention. She looked over and was stunned by what she saw.
Indeed, from a distance, someone was standing on the moon's surface.
Upon closer look, the person seemed like Lucian!
It's fake, it's all fake! This isn't real, Lucian must have used image technology to project his image into the universe! But the more Roxanne looked, the more she felt it was real!
Step by step, Lucian's figure approached Roxanne and the children. They could even see the gentle smile on his face and the affectionate expression in his eyes.
Roxanne was completely stunned. He held a rose in his right hand and an exquisite box in his left.
Finally, Lucian's figure suddenly flew out of the moon and floated toward her.
Soon, the cosmic starry sky in the hall dimmed slightly, and everything began to return to reality.
Countless sparkling stars converged on Lucian and he slowly descended from the sky to the hall.
“Wow! Daddy came back from the moon!”
“Daddy is so cool! He picked stars for Mommy in the sky!”
“Television dramas don't lie. Daddy can even the stars from the sky and give them to Mommy!”
Lucian, dressed in a special gentleman's tailcoat and holding flowers and gifts, landed in front of Roxanne like an angel.
The woman sighed inwardly at this romantic gesture. Oh, well! He won! It is so romantic! 
###Chapter 2029
Chapter 2029
Chapter 2029 Just Come To Me
“Happy birthday, Darling!”
Lucian's eyes were deep with affection as he presented a rose to Roxanne. Next, he opened the gift box, revealing its contents. It was a dazzling gemstone enveloped in a gentle blue glow; it looked just like a star.
“Wow, what a beautiful gemstone! Daddy, this looks like the material used for the Astorian Star!”
“Astorian Star is located at Moranta. How did you manage to find something similar, Daddy? It is very hard to come by.” “Mommy, the gemstone is beautiful!”
Hearing the children's professional comments, Roxanne could somewhat guess that her husband must have put in a lot of effort to get this gemstone.
Feeling a wave of sweetness in her heart, she picked up the gemstone and rewarded her husband with a kiss. “Thank you, Honey!”
As soon as she spoke, the lights in the hall came back on and the birthday song began to play.
Roxanne believed a professional singer had been hired as the singer sang with such a melodious voice.
But as she turned around, she was surprised to find that it was her mother-in-law, Sonya, who was singing. Roxanne was pleasantly surprised by her mother-in-law's unexpected talent.
Soon, the housekeepers appeared and joined in the singing, each with a genuine smile on their face.
Finally, Elias pushed a trolley with a seven-layer cake to everyone's amazement.
The children jumped around, singing and drooling over the cake.
Each layer of the seven-tiered cake was crafted with unique ingredients, resulting in a vibrant and visually stunning array of colors.
Roxanne was getting all emotional.
All these years, her birthdays were never taken seriously and there was hardly anyone around who could remember her special day.
It was only after she had children that her birthdays became somewhat decent, as she would have a cake with her children and listen to their well-wishes.
This year was the grandest birthday celebration she had ever experienced in her life. Her eyes suddenly became moist, but she suppressed the sentimentality and returned to a happy mood for the cake-cutting.
She first gave slices of the cake to the children, then to her father- in-law and mother-in-law, and proceeded to distribute it to the housekeepers one by one.
Amidst the sounds of laughter and joy, Roxanne did not drink any alcohol but felt intoxicated nonetheless.
She only hoped that she could continue to have days like this.
Madilyn had planned to take a week off, thinking it would be enough time to enjoy their journey to Horington. However, things didn't go as planned, and after seven days, they had only traveled half the distance.
It was all because there were too many scenic spots along Xandenia. Since it was the low tourist season, there weren't many people at the scenic spots, so they had more time to travel around. Therefore, Jonathan planned several more destinations for sightseeing.
On the way, Madilyn saw how considerate Jonathan was toward his future mother-in-law. He was attentive to every detail and discussed every aspect of their wedding with her mother.
At night, when they stayed in a hotel, she constantly urged Madilyn to sleep in the same room as Jonathan.
However, Madilyn was reluctant to do so, even though she had already prepared herself mentally for it. Every time they slept in the same room, he was extremely gentlemanly and polite, even insisting on getting an extra bed for her. He respected her to the tee.
Madilyn almost wanted to tell him that he didn't need to be so “careful”.
However, he seemed to be more conservative than she was. She probably had to wait until their wedding night for things to happen.
But the scent he emitted after taking a shower was too alluring for Madilyn to resist. Every night, her mind was filled with wild thoughts as she watched the man bathe. It was rather challenging for her to control her desire.
That night, Madilyn was once again forced out of their room by her mother. She could only ring the doorbell of the room opposite with a helpless look on her face, holding a pillow in her hand. 
###Chapter 2030
Chapter 2030
Chapter 2030 Self Numbing Upon opening the door, Jonathan flashed a smile. “Did you get kicked out by Mdm. Xander again?”
“Yeah. She snores too loudly anyway, and | can never get used to it.” Madilyn cooked up an excuse as she walked in with her pillows in her arms.
She noticed that Jonathan's laptop was still switched on, indicating that he was still working.
At that sight, Madilyn suddenly felt sorry for him. He must be exhausted. Not only does he have to plan out our travel itinerary in the morning, taking great care in showing us where the good food was and where to have fun. On top of that, he still had to deal with tons of work affairs at night.
After entering the room, she sized up her surroundings and realized that the space didn't seem like it had anybody staying in. Everything was clean and tidy.
She took a glance at the refrigerator, and sure enough, her assumption was right. The drinks inside had been neatly arranged by Jonathan.
Isn't this obsessive-compulsive behavior?
Madilyn knew that such behavior was actually a different kind of torment for oneself.
picked and rearranged the positions of all the bottles within.
Then, she chose a bottle of fruit wine with an unknown brand before taking a peek at Jonathan, trying to see how he would react.
Usually, individuals with severe obsessive-compulsive disorder would become agitated when others disrupt their arrangements and plans.
However, Jonathan simply smiled at her as if relieved.
Seeing that, Madilyn said, “Jonathan, | may be your girlfriend now, but | am also a doctor. As such, | can't help but advise you to stop working so hard in the future. | can help you with the travel itinerary, and | hope you can stop being so tense all the time, okay?”
Although she didn't mention anything about the disorder, she reckoned she had given him enough hints.
She was worried that if Jonathan returned to his work mode, he would have a relapse of the depression he had suffered due to excessive stress previously.
With a serious expression, Jonathan replied, “I know, Maddy. | understand your concern and intentions. Apart from that, | also know you're the only one who could heal me.”
His words made Madilyn's face flush, her heart raced, and she felt flustered. It seemed that sometimes, a sincere comment could become the sultriest of words.
All of a sudden, Madilyn didn't dare to look into Jonathan's eyes for fear of getting caught in those dark pools of his and triggering her impulses.
Subsequently, she opened the bottle of wine and took out some glasses.
The bottle of wine was just enough to fill two glasses. She took the glass and walked over to Jonathan's side before handing it to him.
“Sometimes, a little bit of wine can help relax the mind. Don't always push yourself too hard.”
The reason why Madilyn was drinking was so that she could sleep better. Otherwise, she thought that the sound of running water from Jonathan's shower later would make her imagination run wild.
“You're right. Let's drink together, then.” Jonathan lifted his wine glass. His smile became even more alluring in Madilyn's eyes. She turned her head away as she wondered if the man was deliberately teasing her.
After clinking their glasses gently, both of them took a sip and started chatting aimlessly.
They talked about the sceneries they saw, some matters related to their work, and shared some interesting anecdotes from the past.
Madilyn couldn't help but feel at peace being with him. Soon, they finished their wine, and Madilyn turned around to fetch another bottle.
“This wine is sweet and the taste is really good,” Madilyn commented, unaware that the seemingly refreshing wine actually contained a high alcohol content.
However, it appeared that the effect of alcohol hadn't hit her at that moment. 
###Chapter 2031
Chapter 2031
Chapter 2031A Dream
As they downed one glass after another, the two soon found themselves enjoying their chatting session more and more. Before they knew it, they had finished all the drinks in the refrigerator.
Lowering her gaze, Madilyn realized there were already seven or eight empty bottles on the table.
She uttered, “Jonathan, | hope you can get rid of the habit of forcing yourself and stop setting overly strong goals in whatever you do. You'll only suffer if you keep going on like this, and | don't want to see you fall into depression again!”
The one good thing about alcohol was that it could help one to express themselves more freely, and what Madilyn did was exactly that.
She spoke from the bottom of her heart and sincerely hoped that Jonathan could be happier.
Jonathan nodded and raised his gaze, only to find that the woman's face was flushed. It was obvious she could not handle the aftereffects of the alcohol.
He got to his feet and leaned toward Madilyn before holding her hand. He then said in a gentle voice, “Let's not drink too much. We still have a whole day of fun tomorrow, after all. Here, I'll help you lie down and get some rest, okay?”
Drawn in by his handsome face and mesmerizing eyes, the sudden closeness triggered something in Madilyn, and she stood on her tiptoes before planting a firm kiss on the man's lips.
Jonathan was taken aback for a moment but quickly responded to the kiss with equal fervor, his senses awakened by the sudden turn of events.
The intensity of their kiss escalated, with Jonathan unleashing a fierce assault that left Madilyn dizzy with desire, making her feel as though every pore of her body was emanating heat.
It wasn't long before her breathing grew heavier, and she couldn't help but let out a soft moan as she lost herself completely in the moment.
Just when everything was getting even more heated, however, Jonathan suddenly stopped. He proceeded to scoop Madilyn into his arms before placing her down gently on the bed.
“| love you, Maddy. Now go to sleep.” Jonathan gave her forehead a light peck.
Madilyn was hit by another wave of dizziness, and she felt as if the world was spinning. It was then she realized she was actually drunk. Her mind started to feel hazy as if it were drifting into nothingness.
After some time, her sleepiness took over and she eventually drifted off to sleep. Jonathan's eyes were shining with affection, and a faint smile spread across his lips as he watched her fall into slumber.
Although he had no idea if he was in a healthy state now, or if there would be any unexpected situations happening in the future, the one thing he was sure of was that he didn't want to see Madilyn sad.
I'm not mentally prepared yet. If | were to get together with her so easily, it would make it seem like I'm not really serious about her. | guess the time is not ripe yet, huh?
With that thought in mind, he returned to his desk and finished handling the remaining tasks.
About an hour later, he stretched his body and closed his laptop. Turning to look at the woman who was still sleeping peacefully on the bed, he couldn't help but feel a sense of contentment in his heart.
After taking out a set of clothes from his luggage, Jonathan went into the bathroom and prepared to take a bath.
Meanwhile, Madilyn, who was still deep in slumber, woke up in her dreams feeling parched.
She immediately started looking for water and ran through the forest until she reached a waterfall.
As the thirst overtook her, she quickly lowered herself to drink from the clear lake below the waterfall, gulping down the water eagerly.
However, the more she drank, the thirstier she became, and she felt extremely hot all over.
Unsure of what was happening, she glanced around and saw that she was surrounded by lush green grass and colorful flowers. Apart from that, the air was filled with a sweet fragrance.
Soon after, she noticed that her soul was soaring. Fluffy white clouds were falling from the sky, enveloping her in a gentle embrace.
Feeling as though she was at the top of the clouds, the gentle breeze brushing past her ear made every inch and every pore of her skin tingle. 
###Chapter 2032
Chapter 2032
Chapter 2032 How Crazy Was |
At the break of dawn, the smart curtains drew themselves open automatically, allowing the rays of the morning sun to illuminate the room.
The glorious light allowed Jonathan to stare intently at the figure sleeping soundly beside him.
Her dainty nose, luscious lips, and tremoring eyelashes made for a captivating sight.
He had never expected the sudden turn of events from the night before.
He was still showering when the bathroom door was opened abruptly.
It was impossible to tell at that moment whether Madilyn was drunk or conscious.
Yet, Jonathan had no escape. The lust he was harboring was ignited by her sudden presence.
Amidst the sound of flowing water, their bodies were entwined together for an indeterminate amount of time.
Now that he was fully awake, the scenes from a few hours ago were seared into Jonathan's mind, causing a sudden urge to fill him again.
By then, Madilyn was already awake. She was wondering if the events from the previous night were a dream or reality. Nevertheless, the sleeping robe she was wearing clearly indicated that it was the latter.
As she was in her own pajamas when she left her mother’s room, she figured that it must have been drenched and left on the bathroom floor.
In others words, he had slept with her while she was drunk the night before. The thought suddenly triggered a cheeky smile across her face, but it was quickly replaced by overwhelming embarrassment.
Right beside her ear, she could hear the gentle sound of Jonathan's breath, while her body could clearly feel the warmth he emitted.
Despite the overwhelming lust within her, she knew that she had to suppress it desperately.
/ cannot embarrass myself again!
Fortunately for her, Jonathan leaned in to kiss her with his burning lips, unwittingly giving her the perfect excuse. Closing her eyes, she let herself go by reciprocating his advances.
Initially, Jonathan was planning to save himself until the time was right, but Madilyn had clearly foiled his plan. After having his first taste, he realized he could no longer control himself.
Taking her response as encouragement for him to continue, he swiftly wrapped his arms around her. Apassionate session quickly followed...
By the time both of them were awake again, it was already close to twelve noon.
“Maddy, Jonathan, are both of you awake?" Lorraine's voice rang out from outside the door.
As if they knew what the other was thinking, both of them jumped out of bed and quickly put on their clothes. Thereafter, Madilyn ordered softly, “I'll get the door while you pretend to be asleep!”
“No, it looks more natural if | go. Since you have a habit of getting up late, it's better if you're the one who's sleeping,” Jonathan rebutted.
Both of them exchanged glances before breaking into smiles.
Now that they were adults, it wasn't necessary for them to hide their actions.
As a result, both of them opened the room door together.
The awkward look on their faces and the fact that they had fooled around for a few hours more than usual brought a heartened smile to Lorraine's face.
Nonetheless, she kept her thoughts to herself and flatly suggested, “I found a local restaurant that's good. Let's head there together.”
“Sure, Mdm. Xander!” Jonathan agreed with a nod.
When Madilyn turned around to look, her eyes widened in shock. She quickly moved her body to block the view of his neck which was covered with hickeys.
Oh my God! | must have gone wild last night! Jonathan didn't realize the fact until he saw himself in the mirror while washing up.
Upon noticing the residual marks she left behind, he gave her the side-eye, sending her into a panic that he found adorable. 
###Chapter 2033
Chapter 2033
Chapter 2033 Audit By Senior Management
Within half a month, Colby had proved that he was more capable than Linda. He gained the latter's recognition and she became his assistant.
After all, he was the only person who could strike a perfect balance between the commercial needs of a business and the technical complexities of their research.
That was James' evaluation of him as Flora Verba Group's CEO.
As the company obtained its products from the research institute, Colby was the best person to serve as the bridge between the two companies. At the same time, he could supervise the production of many low-cost medicines, benefiting a bigger pool of patients.
As Flora Verba Group released new products into the market at a rapid pace, Colby would approach the medical insurance companies proactively.
His actions drew Peregrine's admiration, causing the latter to feel that he was a good candidate to succeed Roxanne. On that day, an international flight landed at Horington Airport. Aslender-looking woman, dressed in a suit and high heels, strode confidently out of the terminal.
Behind her was a group of more than twenty men, all dressed in sharp black suits. Some were Epean, while others were Aplothians. Their ages were spread across both ends of the spectrum.
The oldest ones looked to be in their forties or fifties while the youngest ones were in their early twenties. The entire group exuded a glamorous air and turned many heads at the airport.
Those in the know could immediately identify them as an international business negotiation delegation. The intimidating air they exuded was to cow their opponents into submission.
Orchid, twenty-nine years of age, was one of Harvey's three official apprentices. As the first student who studied under Harvey, she was considered Roxanne's senior. Currently, she was the executive manager of GK Group's operations in Epea.
She had flown into Horington from Dartan to take over the company’s Aplothian operations.
The company was extremely disappointed with Roxanne's performance so far, especially after learning that she had established Flora Verba Group, whose share price had skyrocketed since then.
As aresult, the company's board of directors decided to remove her from all her positions.
Meanwhile, Orchid kept her arrival from Roxanne so that she could catch the latter off guard and find all the evidence of wrongdoing required by the company.
Soon, the huge management team arrived at the research institute unannounced.
Even though Colby had never seen Orchid before, he could tell from the garden violet pin worn on their collars that they were from the company's Epean headquarters.
With a group of burly men leading the way, Orchid barged into the building with her entourage. The first thing they did was locked the doors to the research institute's finance department. Thereafter, they quickly sealed the general manager's office and changed all the locks to the data rooms at the institute.
Shocked by their brazen actions, Peregrine constantly demanded to know who they were.
Just as someone wanted to call the police, Colby stopped him and explained, “Everyone, please cooperate with them. They are part of the research institute's senior management, and they are authorized to do this!”
Thereafter, Colby nodded at Orchid.
Eking out a slight smile, Orchid said to Colby, “I remember you. You almost joined the company's senior management before coming to Chanaea with Roxanne.”
“That's right! | remember you too. From the way you stormed in here, | can tell that you're carrying out the orders of the senior management. That's why | have no right to stop you.”
Despite his words, Colby had already called Roxanne's phone discreetly.
She was constantly asking him what was going on but didn't get an answer until she heard the conversation between Colby and Orchid.
She ended the call with a frown before ordering the butler to prepare her ride to the research institute. 
###Chapter 2034
Chapter 2034
Chapter 2034 Public Outrage
Upon seeing everything was going smoothly, Orchid gave orders to her subordinates. “Investigate all the incoming and outgoing accounts for this year and compile a list of all the technology patents related to the new medicine.”
All her subordinates sprang into action immediately.
Soon, all the laboratories in the research institute stopped operating. The technical personnel came out, puzzled by everything that was happening.
Colby explained to Peregrine about the ownership structure of the research institute and that Roxanne was not the sole proprietor.
However, Peregrine retorted, “Colby, I'm not well-versed in all this professional jargon. But tell me if Roxanne was responsible for establishing the research institute and subsequent research and development, as well as all the profit-making operations?”
Colby kept mum and nodded in acknowledgment.
Despite being a subsidiary of GK Group, the research institute did not depend on any significant financial support from its parent company. At most, it only requested a small amount of money as the initial start-up capital.
Every subsequent expansion of the business was carried out at Roxanne's risk and expense. Furthermore, she would always report each expansion plan to the board of directors to obtain their approval before executing them.
When Roxanne established Flora Verba Group, many members of the board even supported her in exploring profit-making options independently because they believed they did not have what it took to retain such a talented individual.
“Since you said Roxanne has single-handedly established the research institute, why should the parent company steal the credit? And that Ms. Downey is just being pushy.” A stern expression crossed Peregrine's face.
Since he uttered those words right outside the general manager's office, it was natural that Orchid could hear him.
As her expression darkened, she raised her brows. “I know who this Old Mr. Lomax is because my mentor told me about him. My mentor, Harvey Lambert, built GK Group from scratch with a group of investors. Roxanne has been working under GK Group and has not left the organization. Therefore, all her business activities essentially represent the company!”
“Stop beating around the bush. You have no right to take any action since Roxanne is not here yet,” Peregrine uttered in frustration while frowning.
Before Orchid could react, Peregrine waved his hand and gestured for technicians who had worked with him for years to barge into the general manager's office.
They immediately surrounded Orchid's subordinates and warned, “Put down all the materials. You're not allowed to touch anything since Ms. Jarvis is not here!”
Another technician chimed in, “Yeah. | don't care which parent company you're from. In this research institute, we only listen to Roxanne Jarvis. And we'll protect all the materials and documents in the departments of finance as well research and development at all costs. Let's report these people to the cops first. They're acting like bandits, grabbing things without our permission. It's outrageous!”
The sudden public outrage left Orchid and her subordinates stunned. They became even more petrified when more and more of Peregrine's men flocked into the office.
Everyone turned their attention to Orchid, eagerly waiting for her instruction.
Initially, Colby wanted to wait for Lucian to intervene once Roxanne became aware of the situation.
He believed they would be able to stop Orchid, a new member of the senior management team who seemed to have appeared out of nowhere.
He was taken aback when Peregrine demonstrated his influence on the spot. He truly deserves all the respect in the world!
Giving in to Peregrine's pressure, Orchid’s subordinates quickly returned the documents they had opened. Some of them who were trying to copy information in their external hard drives also had their devices snatched away.
Peregrine walked up to Orchid and said indifferently, “I'm sorry. You cannot touch anything until Roxanne arrives. If you persist, I'll ensure you and the thirty to forty men you brought here won't be able to leave the research institute!”
Orchid was completely struck dumb.
She did not think that Roxanne's subordinates would dare to interfere with the headquarters’ arrangements. It doesn't seem to fit with Roxanne's management style.
Three years ago, Roxanne also led a highly professional research institute in Epea. At that time, there was no obstruction when the headquarters wanted to regain full control of the research institute. 
###Chapter 2035
Chapter 2035
Chapter 2035 You Are Too Kind Meanwhile, as Cayden began to accelerate the car speed, Roxanne told him to slow down, as she was not in a hurry.
Lucian, seated beside Roxanne, looked away from his phone and spoke nonchalantly. "Orchid seems to have a habit of choosing the perfect time to make her moves. Last time, when your research institute in Epea was doing well, she swooped in as the new management and took all the credit for its success.”
Acorner of her lips quirked up. She responded with a wry smile and responded, "Yeah. The same old trick.” "Why don't you fight back?” Lucian wondered.
Roxanne’s eyes darkened as she replied, “I wouldn't have been able to build a team to achieve my goals without her help. She leveraged all her connections in Dartan and brought in significant investments, which gave me a chance to realize my dream! Furthermore, she has helped me during difficult times. There was a time when | had limited income after giving birth to Archie and Benny. It was she who provided me with financial assistance.”
That was why Roxanne did not intend to fight back.
Anyway, Roxanne always managed to produce high-quality medicines and sell them at low prices before the takeover, ensuring that many patients could benefit from them.
This time, she simply did not anticipate Orchid's swift action. She did not expect Orchid would come in and seize the management rights in just a year.
Though Harvey was the key figure of GK Group, Orchid wielded significant power over investments and financial decisions within the company.
After listening to her story, Lucian shook his head. “You're still too kind. In any case, you established the team and led them to achieve new heights, so you deserve a fair share for your contributions. Orchid is just treating you as a moneymaking tool. She's aware of your ability, yet she doesn't give you the compensation you deserve. That's just too much!”
Roxanne nodded. She agreed with what her husband said. However, as long as GK Group still carried her mentor's name, she could not betray him. After arriving at the research institute, Lucian carefully helped her out of the car before walking together to the lobby.
They heard a commotion and turned toward the source of the noise. It was then they saw hundredsof employees of the research institute gathering in front of the building, blocking Orchid and her team.
Orchid's subordinates all had complicated expressions on their faces. While some looked panicked, some looked indifferent. Of all the expressions, Orchid's was the grimmest. There was even an icy glint in her eyes.
"Ms. Jarvis is here!” someone exclaimed.
Colby and Peregrine rushed over and walked up to Lucian and Roxanne.
Before Colby could open his mouth, Peregrine, visibly agitated, interjected, “Roxanne, we can't just hand over the research institute to them so easily. It's our blood, sweat, and tears! We don't care about whatever GK Group is. We just want you to lead us!”
More and more employees gathered around Roxanne.
Upon noticing the frustration on their faces, Roxanne waved her hands to calm them down. “Calm down, Old Mr. Lomax. | didn't receive any news about this operation from the headquarters either. But this time, I'll try to work things out with Orchid!”
While they were in the car earlier, Lucian encouraged Roxanne to stand up for herself and claimed her rightful benefits. As more people gathered around her in support, she grew even more determined.
However, just as Roxanne finished speaking, Orchid strode over, stood before her, and gave her an icy glare. 
###Chapter 2036
Chapter 2036
Chapter 2036 Both Parties Satisfied
“What do you mean by that, Roxanne?” Orchid scowled. Suddenly, she noticed Lucian and was startled. “This is...” After all, Lucian had a presence that no one could ignore.
Even though Orchid often attended high-class events and thus had witnessed plenty of prominent figures before, she still couldn't help but marvel at his elegance.
When she saw Lucian standing so close next to Roxanne, her heart was filled with disbelief. “He's my husband, Lucian Farwell,” replied Roxanne plainly.
Orchid's eyes were filled with shock. So, the news | heard in Dartan is true! Roxanne did remarry her ex-husband. | also heard her ex was a mogul, but | didn't expect him to be this handsome.
Envy flooded her heart as usual. Why is Roxanne constantly blessed by fate? In terms of medical skills, she's better than me. Among Mr. Lambert's three students, only she learned the fastest and understood the most. Even he praised her for surpassing him in acupuncture! When it comes to research and development of techniques, she's always one step quicker than everyone else. Each time she attempted something risky, it would pay off fabulously for her! Now, | learned that she has a husband that anyone would be jealous of. How infuriating!
“Greetings, Mr. Farwell! I'm Roxanne's senior, Orchid Downey.” Politely, Orchid stretched her hand toward him to shake his. However, Lucian nodded coldly and reluctantly. “Nice to meet you, Ms. Downey.” It was evident he didn't like her much.
Awkwardness flashed past her face before she turned to Roxanne with knitted eyebrows and questioned, “What's going on with this situation today? You have some explaining to do.”
It was taboo for a chief to disobey the company's orders with their employees, regardless of what company they belonged to.
Upon sensing Orchid's intention to corner her, Roxanne changed her demeanor and replied slowly, “I'm sorry, but you didn't tell me you were coming. So, it wasn't the research institute staff member's fault for not recognizing you all. Besides, you would've tried to investigate the information immediately. An act like that would've caused an uproar in other companies!”
Agloomy expression was set on Orchid's countenance. | can't believe she's arguing with me, even though she's usually
obedient!
Then she spoke confidently. “The company and our mentor sent me to conduct this surprise investigation. Therefore, you obviously wouldn't have been notified of this beforehand. Please announce to everyone that my team will helm the research institute from now on!” Mr. Lambert has always been Roxanne's weakness. She should obey me now that I've brought him up.
However, she was incorrect in her assessment again.
Roxanne turned to Lucian, saw the look of encouragement in his eyes, and replied, “I'm sorry, Orchid, but | can't execute the company's order. There are still many things that haven't been discussed clearly yet. | won't hand over the research institute until then.”
Disbelief colored Orchid's countenance. She gritted her teeth and questioned, “Are you planning to ignore Mr. Lambert's order?”
Firmly, Roxanne responded, “Perhaps. We should discuss this in more detail. If we can satisfy both parties, I'll cooperate.” 
###Chapter 2037
Chapter 2037
Chapter 2037 Discussion
Even though it has only been a year since we met each other, | can tell Roxanne has undergone massive changes. Did she become courageous because she renewed her relationship with her ex? Also, | should've thought about Farwell Group when she mentioned her husband's name was Lucian Farwell. Now | remember who he is. He's currently the number one businessman in the country. Even though he never showed up on the ranking of the wealthiest men in the country, everyone knew the throne belonged to him. Even major corporations and bigwigs in Epea had to respect him. I'm equally shocked and envious of Roxanne. How can she be this lucky? She doesn't deserve it! | refuse to yield to her! Stifling her rage, Orchid demanded firmly, “I don't think there's much to discuss. If you truly plan to oppose Mr. Lambert's arrangement, then there's nothing else | can say. Leave this place with your people now!”
She thought that would be enough to scare Roxanne away.
Instead, Roxanne replied calmly. “I'm not the only person involved in this matter. Thus, | will hold my ground until the end. If you don't want to have any discussions, then that's for the best. Please leave now. | won't send you out.” I'm not doing this just for myself. | need to consider Colby's, Old Mr. Lomax's, and others’ futures, too. If | hand over the research institute to Orchid, she'll remove anyone who opposes her.
Orchid's expression froze when she heard that.
Gritting her teeth, she squeezed her words out in a frigid tone. “It seems like you no longer respect Mr. Lambert.” “I'll explain the situation to him.” Roxanne then ignored Orchid, turned to Colby and Peregrine, and nodded. Basically, she was telling them to return to the research institute and pay no mind to the visitors.
It was Orchid's turn to suffer.
Originally, she planned to rid of the existing managerial team. She didn't expect to face such fierce resistance. If | give up now, I'll embarrass myself! | can't help but regret not accepting Roxanne’s proposal. | should've listened to what conditions she had. If they weren't too extreme, | could've agreed to them.
From the corner of her eye, she saw Lucian smirking at her, making her panic even more. Roxanne played me like a fiddle! If | return like this, no one in the company will listen to me anymore!
Swallowing her pride, Orchid requested, “Roxanne, wait. Perhaps we should discuss this. It's my fault for being rash.”
After taking a few steps away, Roxanne turned and faced Orchid composedly. “Is that so? In that case, please come to my office, Orchid. We'll discuss things there.”
Then she approached Peregrine. “Old Mr. Lomax, please ask everyone to return to their stations and continue their good work. I'll definitely negotiate an outcome that everyone will find acceptable."
While Peregrine was put at ease by her promise, he still couldn't help but remind, “This research institute is your sweat and blood, Roxanne. You should think more for yourself. We never worry that
there'll be a crisis. After all, the reward from Flora Verba Group is enough. Every technician is grateful for you from the bottom of their hearts.”
Feeling touched, Roxanne nodded.
Peregrine then led everyone back to their posts while Roxanne took Orchid to her office.
Suddenly, Colby grabbed Lucian's arm and informed, “Ms. Jarvis asked me to take care of something earlier, Mr. Farwell. | need to handle it now, and I hope you can help.”
Without waiting for an explanation, Lucian nodded swiftly 
###Chapter 2038
Chapter 2038
Chapter 2038 This Is Extortion Boiling hot water and preparing the coffee bean, Roxanne went through the actions leisurely after sitting in her office.
Nobody else followed them into the room as Orchid sat opposite her. As the two ladies took their seats, they watched each other as frostiness appeared in Orchid's eyes.
“Roxanne, tell me your conditions. What do you want me to do for you to give the research institute to me? You're married into a wealthy family now. You don't need to work so hard on your career, so let's hope your conditions won't piss me off!”
Roxanne kept quiet, as if she didn't hear Orchid's words at all.
Feeling agitated, Orchid fumed, “Why? Are you fooling around with me? Don't forget that it was me who helped you when you were in Epea. Without my help, you would have to sleep on the street and beg for food!”
Roxanne stopped cleaning the coffee cup. She looked at Orchid and nodded. ‘I'll always remember the kindness you've shown me. That's why | didn’t hesitate to give you the other research institute. And | don't think I'll have to repeat the great profits that research institute brought to GK Group.”
Orchid was stunned. She couldn't find the words to retort. Just like Roxanne had stated, the research institute that she gave to Orchid previously had marketed much new medicine. These medicines contributed to nearly one-third of the profits earned by GK Group.
“So?” Orchid asked.
“Nothing. Since you mentioned the kindness you had shown me, | told you what | did to express my gratitude in return. Even if what | did wasn't much, at least | didn’t wrong you!” Roxanne answered calmly.
The water reached boiling point, emitting a whistling sound. Roxanne used the water to make espresso. Soon, a delicious coffee scent filled the room.
She filled the cup to eighty percent full before motioning for Orchid to take it. “Orchid, have some coffee first.” The woman hesitated for a moment before reaching out to take the coffee cup. / can't read Roxanne at all. When did this calm and relaxed manner others start showing itself?
Obviously, Roxanne didn't tell Orchid that Lucian taught her current behavior. Whether it was a business deal or a negotiation, drinking coffee calmly before the opponent would give them immense pressure indirectly.
“Let's be straightforward! What do you want? Give me a number. How much grant funds do you want? How many benefits are you trying to seek for your staff?” Orchid urged anxiously, unable to withstand the pressure anymore.
Roxanne knew it was time to make her next move. She spoke slowly. “Yes, the research institute belongs to GK Group. But then, we've patented so many products up until now. We couldn’t return them just like that. After all, you should know that | rarely touch the funds given to me by GK Group since the day the research institute was founded.”
“What do you mean? Are you saying you want to make these patented formulas yours?” Orchid immediately put the coffee cup on the table, nearlyjumpingoutof herseat.
Then, her expression, which had just eased up moments ago, flashed with anger. “No way. I'll never agree to that. These patented formulas are precious to GK Group. Why don't you be straight with me? How much money do you need?”
Roxanne didn't react, ignoring Orchid's outburst.
Instead, she stated, “All right. Here's my requirement. We have thirteen patented products. We can only transfer four of them to GK Group directly. The fate of the rest has to be decided by the high- level management of the research institute, and we have to find a way to enter a cooperation-sharing model with GK Group.”
Orchid thought her ears were playing tricks on her. It took her a few seconds to understand what Roxanne was saying. Instantly, anger filled her as she jumped up from the seat. “No way! I'll never say yes to that condition. This is not a discussion. You are merely trying to extort me!” 
###Chapter 2039
Chapter 2039
Chapter 2039 Darling Got More Capable Roxanne sneered when she heard the word “extort.”
The technical personnel and | spent countless days and nights, not eating or sleeping, to achieve those results. What does she mean that I'm trying to extort her?
Even though she was disappointed by Orchid's reaction, Roxanne knew how the latter reacted was only average and nothing to be surprised about.
“Orchid, please give it some consideration. That's the best option | can think of. | won't back down even if you ask Mr. Lambert to advise me.”
With that, Roxanne continued drinking her coffee in a relaxed manner.
“Listen here, Roxanne. I'll never agree with the suggestion you gave. Never! If you insist on being stubborn, then go on. After all, if we follow the procedure strictly, all of you will have to leave the research institute sooner or later!” Orchid's tone was vicious, hoping her remarks would change Roxanne's mind.
However, no matter what she said, Roxanne was calm and unbothered. Roxanne's reaction hurt Orchid's pride significantly, causing her to lose her rationality slowly.
Just then, Lucian called out from outside the door, “Darling, I'm back!” Orchid seethed with rage, jealous of how a successful businessman like Lucian would treat Roxanne with so much tenderness.
Lucian walked in, his eyes shifting from the frustrated Orchid to the calm Roxanne, knowing that the negotiation might have fallen through. He smiled at Roxanne. ‘I've dealt with everything.”
Roxanne nodded, getting Lucian's hidden message.
Then, she said to Orchid faintly, “Orchid, you are right. If we follow the procedure, the research institute belongs to GK Group. Okay. I've thought it through. I'll hand the research institute to you after this.”
Orchid thought she was hallucinating. She stared at Roxanne warily, questioning, “What tricks do you have... up your sleeves?”
“Tricks? You're the master in that. You always plant a whole team in the research institute in the most surprising way! If Old Mr. Lomax and the rest cooperated with you this time, you would have taken over those patented formulas!” A smirk appeared on Roxanne's face.
/ have nothing to fear now that Lucian has settled everything for me.
“What's the matter? You tried to convince me to hand over the research institute with multiple reasons just now. Now that | want to hand it over, you're hesitating?”
Orchid had her doubts. But she nodded her head after a few moments of pondering. “All right! | was only waiting for you to say yes. Anyways, | don't believe there's any way you could mess with me!
After they settled things with Orchid, Roxanne and Lucian strolled out from the general manager's office leisurely.
Colby was waiting for them at the research institute's entrance. Facing Roxanne, he reported, “As instructed by you, I've temporarily transferred the nine patented formulas to a company arranged by Mr. Farwell. The seal is still with me. Do | need to return it to them?”
Roxanne felt relieved upon hearing Colby's remarks. Using the time difference as an advantage, Roxanne stalled for time by asking to negotiate with Orchid. That way, Lucian and Colby would have enough time to transfer the patents. She knew all too well that she had nothing to discuss or negotiate with the money-minded Orchid ultimately.
“It's not a big deal to return them the seal and the research institute because we can purchase those scientific research equipment any time! Colby, please inform Old Mr. Lomax that he should play along with everything Orchid says and get all the benefits he should get. Then, they can resign individually and head to work at the research institute owned by Flora Verba Group!”
Colby nodded his head, turning around and walking into the research institute.
Asmile crept into Lucian's face when he witnessed how swift and decisive Roxanne was when dealing with Orchid and GK Group.
| would do the same thing, too, if | were in her shoes. “Your business skills are getting better and better, Darling!” Lucian caressed Roxanne's head with his huge hand.
Roxanne smiled happily. “Of course! I've been learning all this while!” 
###Chapter 2040
Chapter 2040
Chapter 2040 | Am Foolish Meanwhile, at the manager's office, Orchid was deep in thought. Suddenly, she thought of some crucial details, panicking.
The woman immediately got her subordinates to delve into the research institute's patented formulas. In the end, the result came back. There were only four patented formulas left.
Moreover, these four patented formulas had been given to authorized patent agents, a way Roxanne had used to earn enough cash flow.
“D*mn it! This means | got myself a pretty much useless research institute!” A furious Orchid scolded her subordinates loudly. “What a bunch of losers!”
IVe should have gotten our hands on the patented formulas right away! Now it's all gone! These so-called high-level management teams were simply a group of losers to her now. She trembled angrily while her subordinates remained silent, not daring to talk back.
At that precise moment, Colby knocked on the door.
The door was actually ajar. He had witnessed everything that went down in the room because he stood outside, unwilling to interrupt, for he wanted to see more of their despair.
But then, he decided to get things done. Colby walked over to Orchid respectfully, “Ms. Downey, this is the resignation letter of the research institute's person-in-charge, Ms. Jarvis, and here's my resignation letter. I'm honored to work with GK Group before this. However, due to some health concerns, | can no longer work competently in my position, so | hope you will approve my resignation!” Colby announced his high-sounding justification for leaving the company.
Orchid's gaze shifted to the two resignation letters, gritting her teeth. She was so angered that her heart thumped wildly. “Very well. | approved your resignation!” She peered at Colby with disgust, waving her hands to dismiss him.
Colby was not ignorant enough to linger. He put the company seal in front of Orchid before leaving.
“Roxanne, you're quite something! It looks like | was foolish enough to believe you!”
Colby closed the door as he stepped out of the room. Unfortunately, Orchid's raging, thunderous words boomed through the door that one could even hear her from far away.
It was dusk when the newly-resigned Colby arrived at the Flora Verba Group CEO's office to apply for his new job.
During that period, James listened to Colby recounting everything that went down earlier. He couldn't help but cheer for Roxanne's tactic of pulling the rug from underneath Orchid and attacking her where she least expected.
“That's why | can only work for you from today onward. Please take good care of me, Mr. Lann!”
Colby returned to Flora Verba Group first to prepare for the reopening of the research institute by the company. That way, when Peregrine showed up for work with the rest of the technical personnel, they would have a familiar face to turn to.
“Please don't be so courteous with me, Colby. You're an exceptionally talented man with excellent technical skills and fantastic business operation ability! | would have given you this position even if | didn't owe Roxanne anything, to begin with!” James said seriously. After all, he had a family business to inherit.
“Tl follow your arrangements, Mr. Lann.” Colby smiled.
“Okay. Here's the deal. You are the vice president of Flora Verba Group from today onward! You will need to help me out, okay? Don't just focus on the matters related to the research institute only!” Thrilled, James took the chance to share his burden with Colby.
His announcement took Colby by surprise. Colby had never expected himself to be given such a high position. He thought he would only be a supervisor after creating the research department.
“Hmm... Mr. Lann, do you want to think this through? Or maybe you should inform Ms. Jarvis first?” Colby was flattered beyond words.
James shook his head, waving his hands dismissively. “Even though she is the chairman, | have the right to decide. It's a yes from me, so don't refuse anymore, okay? Flora Verba Group will have our independent research institute soon. Once the news gets released, our company shares will go off the charts!” 
###Chapter 2041
Chapter 2041
Chapter 2041 Married Twice
Ending their couple's trip, Madilyn and Jonathan returned to the news that the hospital was gone and that Madilyn's position as the director was only for name-sake.
“Roxanne, what happened? Why did you change the hospital's name? Shouldn't you explain the situation to me?”
Roxanne remained calm after listening to Madilyn's complaint. She asked Madilyn to head over to the manor so they could discuss things.
Jonathan arrived before Madilyn did. He tossed a bunch of local, delicious specialties from different locations before Roxanne and Lucian.
“Lucian, Roxanne, Madilyn and | bought these during our trip for both of you and the kids.” Jonathan looked refreshed and energetic as if he had turned back the youth clock.
“| heard you've plans to get married?” Lucian teased.
Jonathan wasn't shy to admit the truth. He nodded, confessing, “Yes, it's an ongoing plan. We are choosing the date now. I've sent Mdm. Xander to my house, so she can discuss it out with my parents.”
Roxanne was amazed. “You and Madilyn sure progressed quite quickly, huh?”
Even though Madilyn and Jonathan did not indicate entering a relationship early on, the moment they did, they made progress rapidly.
Soon, Madilyn showed up. She was surprised to see Lucian and Roxanne relaxing with a coffee.
"| heard you were fired?” Madilyn asked Roxanne.
The latter nodded.
“So, does that mean the hospital, research institute, and pharmaceutical company are all gone?” Madilyn probed further. Questioned by Madilyn, Roxanne nodded again.
“Oh my goodness! You are a rich man's wife. But what about me? | need this job to provide for my family! Roxanne, you need to give me an explanation!” Madilyn rolled her eyes. She would have roasted Roxanne even further if Lucian weren't present.
Coincidently, Jonathan had bundled up the gifts he brought over with tapes because there were too many. So Roxanne grabbed one, saying, “Take it.”
"Come on, Roxanne. Spill. What happened?” Madilyn was infuriated.
Roxanne had no choice but to sum up, explaining the story to Madilyn. Then, she comforted her, “Don't worry. You can still be the director in the future because I'm going to build a bigger hospital!”
The hospital and pharmaceutical company had been suffering losses all this while. It wasn't until Madilyn got appointed as the directorthat they saw a slight profit increase. Therefore, GK Group would put it on sale soon after this.
And in Roxanne's initial plan, she intended to acquire the hospital again after she lost control.
Madilyn was still confused, so Jonathan immediately taught her some knowledge about GK Group and its subsidiary company. She calmed down when she heard that she still had her job.
Roxanne teased without warning, “Actually, you don't have to work either. You can be a rich man's wife too.”
With that, she deliberately looked at Jonathan.
Madilyn panicked as her face flushed red. She peered at Jonathan, mumbling, “What did you tell them?”
Did he tell Roxanne that | bullied him after | got drunk? If Roxanne found out, she would mock me relentlessly!
Jonathan uttered righteously, “I didn't say anything. | just told them that we are getting married soon. | kept my mouth shut, so don't worry, okay?”
“Congratulations to both of you! If you need any help with your wedding, please let me know,” Lucian offered. “All right. Thank you, Lucian. You have more experience regarding this!” Jonathan blurted. Roxanne and Lucian instantly froze as their gazes with murderous glints focused on Jonathan.
“Hah! He's right. After all, you've been married twice.” Madilyn giggled. 
###Chapter 2042
Chapter 2042
Chapter 2042 Mixed Gender Twins
Orchid had thought that parachuting into the management team this time would be smoother than before and that she would be able to integrate the research institute, pharmaceutical company, and hospital more thoroughly, leading to an explosive increase in profits.
However, the finance team informed her that the pharmaceutical company was losing money every day. The previous drug pricing was too low, so they couldn't cover the production costs, let alone research and development expenses.
As for the hospital, although it could generate some profit, those wealthy people suddenly stopped coming for in-depth medical examinations after the name change of the medical facility, causing a significant loss in revenue.
At the same time, some patients wanted to leave the hospital as soon as they heard that the director had been replaced.
While Orchid was busy dealing with these issues, Peregrine's plan was also set into motion, with the latest batch of technicians submitting their resignations one after the other.
Having lost the patents and the substantial profits provided by Flora Verba Group, Orchid finally realized that Roxanne had been well-prepared, leaving her with nothing but an empty shell.
Facing the shortage of cash flow, departure of technical personnel, and loss of patents, Orchid left Horington within two days.
She planned to visit GK Group's headquarters to liaise with the board of directors for more resource allocation. Otherwise, GK Group would never stand a chance to gain a foothold in the domestic market.
Meanwhile, Roxanne's ploy was also being carried out in full swing.
James and Colby were absorbing the technical personnel from the research institute while Linda was busy preparing for the construction of the new hospital.
On the other hand, Jonathan was occupied with establishing a new pharmaceutical company and incorporating all the patents into it. The final step was then to list the company under Flora Verba Group.
Before long, Roxanne's business empire would be restored to its former glory. Of course, that couldn't have happened without the strong support from Lucian. In addition to providing commercial support, Lucian was also a full- time pro at taking care of an expectant mother.
One day, Lucian happily brought Roxanne to the maternity hospital, planning to do a 4D ultrasound scan to check on the baby's progress.
After the ultrasound, the attending physician congratulated the couple, “Congratulations, Mr. Farwell and Ms. Jarvis. You're truly blessed because you'll be having mixed-gender twins!”
“Mixed-gender twins...” The couple looked at each other and burst into ecstasy. Lucian was especially overjoyed, almost jumping up in excitement.
“This is so great! Archie, Benny, and Essie won't have to argue anymore. They'll have both younger brother and sister.” Hardly able to contain his exhilaration, Lucian glanced at the embryos, which were smaller than his palm, on the imaging report again.
His eyes were filled with tender adoration. “Now we'll have five kids. That's enough to make up a basketball team. Lucian, let me tell you, after giving birth to these two, | don't plan to have any more kids,” Roxanne pouted and grumbled.
However, Lucian curled his lips into a knowing smile. “It's just a basketball team. Can't we have enough kids to make up a football team?”
The attending physician grinned as well. “Considering both of your looks and intelligence, having a few more children would actually be a good idea.”
“Doctor, it's easy for you to say that ” Roxanne complained. The physician laughed heartily and reminded them of the followup matters.
Lucian recounted his caretaking process during that period and received lavish praises. His face beamed with a sense of accomplishment.
As they left the hospital and got into the car, Lucian immediately began fussing over Roxanne.
“Darling, you'll need to start controlling your sweets intake from now on. Pregnancy makes it very easy to develop gestational diabetes. Also, remember to take your folic acid on time. And don't forget to soak your feet daily to prevent severe swelling in your legs during late pregnancy stages. 
###Chapter 2043
Chapter 2043
Chapter 2043 Name That evening, the Farwell residence was filled with joy and laughter.
Upon hearing that Lucian and Roxanne were having twins, Elias and Sonya were so thrilled that they were almost moved to tears.
Back when they took care of Estella, they were always anxious and didn't get to experience much of the joy of family life. Now, with the arrival of these two new babies, they could finally fulfill their role as competent grandparents.
Attending to Estella was the hard mode of childcaring, so they hoped things would be easier this time around.
The three kids were overjoyed to have a younger brother and sister at the same time, clapping and cheering enthusiastically.
They showered their parents with compliments and encouragement for their copulative ability, repeatedly praising them for being so capable, rendering Lucian and Roxanne slightly embarrassed. This “ability” doesn't seem to need so much recognition.
Next came the most nerve-wracking and suspenseful part for the family—naming the future twins. Coincidentally, Lucian had previously asked the three children to prepare two names each, one for a boy and one for a girl. Now they could choose two names, increasing the probability of the suggestions being selected.
“All right. The Farwell family's naming competition officially begins. First, let's welcome our first contestant, Archie Farwell! We're looking forward to seeing what beautiful names our logical-minded Archie will come up with. Let's encourage him with a round of applause!”
Clap! Clap! Clap! Amidst the applause, Archie stood in the center of the crowd, holding a drawing board and quickly writing down two names: Seward Farwell and Dawn Farwell.
Everyone nodded, offering encouragement and praises.
“Okay. Next will be our second contestant, Benny Farwell's turn. Let’s see what better names our tech-savvy boy can come up with!” Benny also wrote down the names he had spent a long time coming up with: Xacobe Farwell and Noreen Farwell.
Similarly, he received flattering remarks for the simple yet meaningful names.
At that moment, Estella, beside them, was quickly changing her answers while muttering, “What? | thought we were supposed to come up with more traditional names. | didn't expect both of my brothers to choose such expressive names.”
After grumbling, Estella didn't wait for her dad to announce her turn and directly stepped forward, raising her drawing board. The two names she thought of were Seward and Noreen.
Everyone present was stumped and stunned.
“Isn't that—” Before Benny could make out the word “plagiarism,” Archie swiftly covered his brother's mouth and dragged him aside.
Elias and Sonya exchanged glances. Immediately afterward, Roxanne got to her feet and supported Estella. “There's no rule in our contest stating the participants
can't have similar names, so there's nothing wrong with Essie and her brothers sharing similar opinions.”
Estella accepted her shortcomings gracefully. “Fine, Mommy, | think the names | came up with are a bit too hard to pronounce, so | guess I'm out of the running. Nevertheless, | think the names Archie and Benny chose are great. It's all right. I'll try harder next time.”
Roxanne almost broke into a cold sweat. There can't be a next time!
Finally, the voting began.
The names “Seward Farwell’ and “Noreen Farwell” received unanimous votes.
Hence, the ultimate decision was for the boy to be named Seward and the girl to be named Noreen.
“Seward and Noreen. Their names are so pretty.” Although Estella didn't come up with the names, she was still fond of them, so she immediately cheered.
Archie and Benny were also happy, having completed the naming of their younger brother and sister in a ceremonious manner.
“Archie, Benny, Estella, Seward, and Noreen. It's quite catchy,” Roxanne recited the names, finding them easy to remember and convenient for introducing to others. 
###Chapter 2044
Chapter 2044
Chapter 2044 The Wish Back Then In the blink of an eye, the weather turned chilly.
As per the custom during a traditional festival, many were still immersed in the warm atmosphere, unable to go into work mode entirely when Christmas had just passed a while ago.
The date of Jonathan and Madilyn's wedding had been set for shortly after Christmas. Archie and Benny were preparing a gift for their godmother's wedding. Estella was likewise busy designing her godmother's wedding gown.
Meanwhile, Roxanne had morning sickness that lasted for two weeks, making her lament over her inability to feast during Christmas.
Right then, the iron gates of an unknown prison in Horington slowly opened.
Elektra walked out at a slow pace. Having changed out of her prison uniform, she wore a down jacket, her hair a touch disheveled.
She did not tell her family that her prison term had ended.
After bidding farewell to the prison guard briefly, she stared at the narrow path ahead that was long and winding. She could not see anything ahead, for everything was blanketed with snow.
Following a brief contemplation, she decided to phone a friend to help book her a ride. Unexpectedly, two white cars zipped down the snow-covered road and reached her shortly after.
Opening the car door, James hurried out of the car. He pinned his gaze on Elektra and hollered, “I'm here, Elektra! Don't underestimate us though you deliberately kept us in the dark!”
Next, Jonathan also climbed out of the car. Holding the wish bottle Elektra once buried, he chimed in with a nod, “I even know that you plan on buying a flight ticket and leaving Horington after visiting your parents subsequent to your release.”
Shock was written all over Elektra's face.
A few seconds later, her eyes that exuded weariness flickered imperceptibly.
Her gaze was promptly riveted on the wish bottle.
In a flash, her thoughts seemingly flew back to ten years ago.
At that time, she was considered childhood friends with Lucian, James, and Jonathan. They all grew up together. In a trice, the years became a thing of the past.
It had been so long that she had forgotten the wish she had made back then.
As Jonathan stepped onto the snow, ruffling sounds drifted into the air.
Stopping before her, he handed the wish bottle to her with a grin. “Regardless of your decision at the end of the day, we hope that you'll take a look at your wish in the past before making up your mind.”
Tears almost escaped Elektra's eyes. Fortunately, it was freezing, and all moisture seemingly turned frozen, so she ultimately saved herself from the embarrassment of crying. Nonetheless, her eyes were red-rimmed.
Holding up the wish bottle, she removed the cork with a light pull and tipped out the paper within.
James chuckled. “Don't worry. We didn't take a peek at it! But if you don't mind, we would like to have a look now.” In response, Elektra shot him a dark look. “No way! Don't even dream about it!”
At that moment, a question popped into her mind. What exactly were my feelings toward Lucian back then? Could it be that my adoration toward him in the past few years really stemmed from a sense of possessiveness?
As soon as she opened it, she was greeted by the sight of lines of writing.
She was wholly stunned at once.
Several times, she lifted her head and looked at James, muttering,
“This can't be true. It's impossible. Why can't | remember my wish back then?”
Alot of things about the times the four of them spent together were penned on the paper.
However, the most part of it was about James.
After all, James's house was adjacent to the Lane residence at that time. Thus, she had more interaction with him.
She even wrote that she hoped Yennefer would recover soon, wishing that James would wear a smile again instead of being secretly worried all the time 
###Chapter 2045
Chapter 2045
Chapter 2045 What Are Your Plans Next
“What exactly did you write? Let us have a look at it!” Verily, James was beyond curious. Sheer panic struck Elektra, and she immediately crumpled the paper into a ball, fisting it tightly. “Cut it out! It's some childish stuff from ages ago, so there’s nothing to see!”
While saying that, she furtively stole a peek at James, a blush staining her cheeks.
Fortunately, the weather was frigid, and it was nothing unusual for one’s face to be bright red from the cold. As such, neither James nor Jonathan suspected anything.
Conversely, Jonathan asked with a solemn expression, “Are you still planning on leaving?” A gust of wintry wind swept past, rendering the atmosphere sentimental all of a sudden.
They had all been childhood friends who grew up together, and no one knew when they would be able to meet once more if Elektra were to leave again this time.
Perhaps they would have gotten married by then. If so, the pure feelings they once had would have undoubtedly faded into nothingness.
A faint smile bloomed on Elektra's face. “Indeed, | initially planned on avoiding reality. But then, the two of you came and gave me a sudden burst of courage. | should face things head-on. Therefore, | won't be leaving anymore!”
The wish she made many years ago had her recalling some things.
However, she could not remember why she would have romantic feelings toward James back then. Was | really in love with him? But why did it turn into Lucian later?
Hearing her resolute reply, Jonathan and James dipped their heads a fraction and exchanged a smile.
“How strange. Not only did this wish bottle change you, Jonathan, but it even convinced Elektra to stay,” James remarked. Jonathan and Elektra had already gotten into the car. Turning the car around, they sped off.
“Where are you two going?” James hastily chased after them in his car.
Jonathan had never expected that the very thing Elektra wanted to do then was to seek Roxanne out.
When the car reached the Farwell residence, he familiarly drove into the courtyard. At a single glance, everyone could see that Lucian was building a snowman in the space blanketed by a thick layer of snow.
The manor was spacious, and countless snowmen of peculiar figures littered the grounds. Roxanne's face was flushed from the cold, but she was dressed warmly, the layer upon layer of clothes making her ungainly.
If she refused to dress in such a manner, Lucian would never have allowed her out of the house, let alone build a snowman.
At the sight of Jonathan, the coupled hollered excitedly, “Come here, Jonathan! The snowman you built yesterday had already crumbled!”
It turned out that the bunch of snowmen there was not their handiwork alone but also that of the triplets as well as Jonathan and Madilyn.
Jonathan chuckled. Right then, Elektra swung open the car door and got out of the vehicle. Both Roxanne and Lucian were startled for a moment.
Subsequently, Lucian inclined his head and greeted, “You're back!”
He sounded as though it was a reunion of a long-time good friend, and that touched Elektra.
Smiling, Elektra greeted Roxanne, “How., are you doing, Ms.
Jarvis?”
Roxanne pursed her lips and flashed the woman an amicable smile. "Pretty good. It's cold outside, so let's talk in the house.”
Truth be told, it had never crossed her mind that Elektra would come knocking on her door as soon as the latter was released from prison. She inwardly wondered what the woman wanted with her.
James only arrived when they had all gone into the house.
With sufficient heating in the living room, the temperature was just right. Lucian gently helped Roxanne remove her jackets, all three of them.
Surprisingly, Elektra remained unmoved by that scene, still as calm as ever. When they were all seated, Lucian brewed hot coffee before brewing a cup of jasmine tea for Roxanne.
Thereafter, he casually asked, “What are your plans next, Elektra? 
###Chapter 2046
Chapter 2046
Chapter 2046 Why Do | Not Remember
Her gaze alighting on Roxanne, Elektra noticed the latter subconsciously keeping her right hand over her abdomen. Thus, she commented, “Congratulations on your pregnancy, Ms. Jarvis. You and Lucian make a perfect match indeed!”
Everyone present was taken aback as she would never have said such a thing in the past.
Roxanne could tell that Elektra was hinting at her that she would not be clinging to Lucian anymore. Hence, she replied evenly, “Thank you. It's twins, so the house will be exceedingly lively in the near future.” “That's great!” Elektra exclaimed from the depths of her heart.
On the heels of that, she abruptly started, “I'm really sorry for the mistakes | committed in the past, Ms. Jarvis. I've wronged you greatly, and | hereby apologize sincerely.”
Her expression was beyond solemn and grave.
While Roxanne had some reservations about it, she swiftly answered, “It's okay. That was all in the past.” Throughout it all, Lucian did not say a single word. Jonathan gave a dip of his head as though vouching for Elektra. Then, they all chatted casually.
Elektra laid out her plans, saying she still wanted to start a business. Everyone else was supportive of that. Midway, Jonathan received a call from Madilyn, and he left to make preparations for the wedding.
In the end, it was James who drove Elektra back.
After everyone had left, Roxanne turned to her husband and lamented, “It looks like Elektra has really changed. Otherwise, she would never have sought me out.”
“That'll be for the best.” Lucian was incredibly cautious when it came to that matter.
His attitude had Roxanne's lips curve into a smirk. “You don't have to be so nervous. | trust you. Elektra probably doesn't like you anymore now. Don't worry. The two of you are still childhood friends, so you don't need to restrain yourself too much.”
At that, Lucian nodded. “I know my boundaries. At present, taking good care of you is my most important task. | don't want to bother about other things.”
Meanwhile, as James drove Elektra back, Elektra, who sat in the passenger seat, glanced at him every so often.
James frowned, sensing that something was amiss. “Is there something on my face, Elektra? Is there leftover stubble or a pimple?”
For a moment, Elektra panicked. In the next heartbeat, however, she hastily tried to cover it up.
“Do you still remember the times when we were young, James? My house was right beside yours. At that time, it was even you who introduced Lucian to me!” Elektra lamented placidly.
James' focus was on driving. Without turning to her, he bobbed his head and replied, “Yeah, | was the one who introduced him to you. The first time you saw him, you were completely enraptured.
Jonathan and | could see that you had a crush on him!”
After saying that, he snickered teasingly.
At once, Elektra's brows knitted together. “Nonsense! Is that true? Why don't | remember that?”
Verily, her memory was extremely fuzzy. She could seemingly recall something, but she could not remember whether it was James or Lucian exactly.
In the car, the two of them talked at length about the past. It was as though a movie was playing in her head, depicting increasingly more events of the past.
“There's something wrong with you, Elektra. Lucian, Jonathan, and | remember all this. How could you have forgotten them? Did something happen during the few years you were abroad?” James was very much surprised.
That question stumped Elektra.
She tried her best to cast her mind back to the past, but there were many details she could not recall, especially the first two years she made Lucian's acquaintance.
What exactly is wrong with me? Am | suffering from amnesia 
###Chapter 2047
Chapter 2047
Chapter 2047 Should Not Have Been So Quick There was still a week before Madilyn's wedding. Both Roxanne and Lucian went to her house to help decorate the place.
Jonathan was hanging streamers while his parents, Zachary and Henrietta, were talking to Lorraine about the specifics of the wedding in the living room.
The couple respected Lorraine's feelings greatly, urging her to speak up if she had any requests, and they would fulfill them as long as it was within the Queen family's capabilities.
On the contrary, Madilyn was so busy getting the new hospital up and running as soon as possible that she was not home yet.
“Hah! The bride-to-be is all calm and unruffled, yet we're all anxious. | told Madilyn not to worry about the situation at the hospital, but she turned a deaf ear to my words and couldn't even be bothered to make preparations for her own wedding.” Noticing that her best friend's wedding gown was wrinkled, Roxanne took out an iron and smoothed the creases.
At her complaint, Lucian chuckled. “It's okay. We don't need to be anxious. That will fall on someone else.” After saying that, he threw a look at Jonathan.
“Just go downstairs and have coffee, Lucian, Roxanne. I'll be fine doing everything by myself. Indeed, I'm far more anxious about the wedding than Madilyn,” Jonathan voluntarily admitted.
His candor had both Lucian and Roxanne burst into laughter.
Downstairs, the two families chatted amicably. Jonathan had told Zachary and Henrietta about Norton, so they did not mention a word about the man.
When they all saw Lucian and Roxanne coming downstairs, they promptly greeted the couple with a smile, as friendly as ever.
“Don't bother about Maddy's affairs anymore, Roxanne. You're delicate now that you're with child. Quick, come here and have a seat!” Lorraine urged earnestly.
Sitting down, Lucian and Roxanne listened as they continued talking, adding to the wedding details when necessary. Shortly after, Madilyn returned home.
At the sight of their soon-to-be daughter-in-law, Zachary and Henrietta were beyond satisfied. They quickly helped to remove her jacket, then immediately served her a cup of hot coffee.
Witnessing that, Roxanne was certain that her best friend would definitely be treated well after marrying into the Queen family.
Madilyn wanted to report the progress of the new hospital to Roxanne, but the latter told her to get her room ready for the wedding.
After tarrying for a while longer, Lucian and Roxanne left for the kindergarten to pick the triplets up.
While they were on their way there, the housekeeper at the Jarvis residence phoned Roxanne out of the blue, sounding exceedingly anxious. “It's bad, Mrs. Farwell! Something is wrong with your father! Could you make a trip back right now?”
A frown marred Roxanne's countenance when she heard that. “Okay. I'll come over at once!” On the heels of that, Lucian turned the car around and headed toward the Jarvis residence instead.
Previously, they had turned the Jarvis residence inside out to find Roxanne's mother's clothes, but to no avail.
Right then, the place had been completely renovated.
When they arrived at the spacious courtyard, two housekeepers were crying out incessantly, “Mr. Jarvis! Mr. Jarvis! Hurry up and wake up!”
Lucian carried Roxanne out of the car, and they both strode over.
The instant the housekeepers caught sight of the couple, they hurriedly moved out of the way. Sweeping a glance over her father, Roxanne swiftly crouched and took his pulse.
Grant's face was flushed, making it evident that something was wrong with his complexion. His pulse had Roxanne's expression darken frightfully. His heartbeat was so weak that it was negligible, and it was as though he could die anytime.
This isn't right. He was looking pretty well o few days ago. Even if he hod an attack, it shouldn't have been so quick! Roxanne mused inwardly, swinging her gaze at her husband.
Lucian reacted at lightning speed. He scooped Grant, who was all skin and bones, up and went into the house.
While walking into the house, Roxanne asked the housekeepers, “Had anyone been here and had contact with my father? And did he eat anything dubious? 
###Chapter 2048
Chapter 2048
Chapter 2048 Not That Simple
The housekeepers nodded in unison and replied, “Someone did come by yesterday evening. It was a middle-aged woman who was quite well-dressed. Mr. Jarvis was chatting normally with her at first, but they suddenly started arguing. We're not exactly sure if he had eaten anything.”
Roxanne did not even need to think to know that it was Winnie who had visited.
So much time had passed without anything happening. It was obvious that Winnie was the one creating trouble, given that something bad had happened to Grant right after he met her.
Thatb'tch! She's still thinking of harming Grant even when she's about to dielWell, Grant probably deserves it!
With her newfound understanding, Roxanne began administering acupuncture to Grant. A while later, the woman looked up and noticed that her father's face, which had turned crimson and was extremely swollen earlier, was gradually returning to normal.
The swelling had happened due to the coagulation and reverse flow of blood in Grant's body. If the situation had been slightly more severe, his blood would have completely solidified and turned black.
Roxanne had always been bold and meticulous. Seeing that the acupuncture had taken effect, she instructed the housekeepers to concoct the medicine at once.
However, Grant was still unconscious. “Winnie had poisoned him! Lucian, call the police!” Roxanne exclaimed coldly while walking out of the room.
She had never expected Winnie to be that vicious. Even though Grant's good days were already coming to an end, the woman still could not wait to kill him.
Lucian nodded and proceeded to retrieve the surveillance recordings in the house.
From the videos, he saw that Winnie had entered the living room right after she arrived, and a moment later, a quarrel erupted between her and Grant.
Both of them appeared to be very agitated. However, as audio was not captured in the recordings, it was not clear what their argument was about.
Lucian summoned the housekeepers once again to inquire about the content of the quarrel between the two. “We vaguely heard Mr. Jarvis calling the woman ‘evil’ and other words along those lines...” one of the housekeepers answered.
Another housekeeper pondered intently for a moment before adding, “They mentioned poisoning as well. Mr. Jarvis had asked the woman if it was her who did it.”
Upon hearing that, a scary thought surfaced in Lucian's mind.
He looked toward Roxanne right away, but judging by the woman's expression, it seemed as if she had yet to figure out what was going on.
Lucian was worried that he might agitate his wife if he told her the truth directly.
Indeed, Roxanne was still trying to get a grasp on the situation with a crease between her brows. The surveillance recordings did not show Grant drinking anything. If that's the case, how did Winnie poison him?
After a few seconds of contemplation, Lucian pulled his wife over and sat her down before saying in a gentle tone, “Darling, | have a bold speculation that | want to share with you, but you have to promise me that you will stay calm, okay?”
With a suspicious expression, Roxanne nodded.
Then, Lucian started speaking. “Maybe, Grant had found out some things about Winnie and called her over to question her. It's likely that his guess was right, which posed a huge threat to Winnie. Hence, she decided to get rid of him.”
“What did he guess?” Roxanne froze.
She could sense that her husband was trying to tell her something.
Recalling what the housekeepers had told them earlier, suddenly, the realization hit her, and Roxanne was completely struck dumb.
Lucian noticed his wife's reaction and knew that she had finally made the connection. At that moment, he was extremely worried that the woman would go berserk out of fury.
“Darling, Darling... relax! Please don't get too agitated. You're pregnant now! Darling, that was just my guess!” Lucian quickly tried to comfort Roxanne.
Although he was rather confident in his guess and was almost certain that that was the truth, he had to say something to calm his wife down.
However, it was impossible to disarm Roxanne's wrath. Instantly, her expression changed into that of resentment and rage, her chest heaving frantically with every breath. Her breathing was getting increasingly rapid while her eyes glimmered with anger.
“That means my mom's death wasn't that simple, right?” the woman asked in a choked voice as her body trembled uncontrollably. 
###Chapter 2049
Chapter 2049
Chapter 2049 The Culprit They had to wait for Grant to wake up to find out the truth. However, overwhelmed with resentment and grief, Roxanne was inconsolable.
While waiting for Grant to wake up, Roxanne noticed her mother's blissful smile in her parents' wedding photo, which was hanging on the wall in Grant's room. Instantly, tears started streaming down her face.
Just then, Lucian entered the room with some food for his wife. While she ate, he gently wiped her tears away with a piece of tissue.
Roxanne did not eat much due to a lack of appetite. When she was done, Lucian passed her a glass of water without insisting that she finish her food.
Fixing her gaze on Grant's face, Roxanne could not help but curse her father silently in her heart. If my mom was indeed poisoned to death by that homewrecker, you would be no different from a murdererlAfter all, you were the one who brought her back. You will have to pay for my mother's death!
Awhile later, the police arrived. They checked the surveillance recordings, took the statements of two housekeepers, and drew a blood sample from Grant to test in the laboratory.
They left after promising Lucian and Roxanne that, once the laboratory results were out, they would arrest Winnie at once.
At around eight in the evening, Roxanne performed another round of acupuncture on Grant. The medicine which was given to the man orally was also starting to take effect. Finally, he woke up after the poison in his body was neutralized.
After opening his eyes, Grant stared blankly at the ceiling without movingor talking. The housekeepers quickly ran to the living room to inform Roxanne and Lucian that Grant had regained consciousness.
Roxanne dashed into the room at once. Standing next to her father's bed, she asked anxiously, “Tell me, how did my mom die? Did Winnie poison her? That was what happened, right?”
Roxanne was feeling extremely emotional. However, Grant did not respond and remained motionless. His expression was blank, and his eyes were empty.
Lucian had entered the room as well. When he noticed the nonresponsive state of his father-in-law, he walked over to him coldly and swung a punch directly at his face.
If he had not stopped himself at the last minute, the force of the punch would be enough to shatter Grant's nose bridge.
However, as Lucian's intention was just to test if Grant was putting on an act, he held back his fist right before it landed on the man's face.
Indeed, Grant blinked and quickly returned to his senses.
“Tell me the truth! Please tell me the truth!” Roxanne could no longer contain her fury and started yelling while grabbing her father's collar.
The next moment, a sorrowful expression appeared on Grant's face, and his eyes reddened.
“Yes, it's definitely Winnie's doing. A few days ago, | found your mother’s medical records while looking through her belongings. It was stated in there that excessive heavy metals were found in her body. | consulted a doctor and was told that it was a sign of poisoning. I... | did not expect Winnie to be so vicious!”
Taking a pause, he continued, “So, | called Winnie and lied to her that | had found the item your mother had left behind and told her to come over to get it. When she arrived, | asked her if she had poisoned your mother. She tried to deny it at first, but after | questioned her repeatedly and threatened to call the police, she finally admitted it out of fear and begged me to let her off. | was so mad and wanted her to tell me exactly what she did so that | could record her confession on my phone. Out of fury, she hit me...” Grant fell back into a daze as his voice trailed off.
Despite being mentally prepared, Roxanne still felt that she was about to burst from rage when she heard the truth. Just then, Lucian narrowed his eyes and asked, “Was it also Winnie who poisoned you?” Upon hearing that, Grant burst into tears.
“Sorry! I'm so sorry! I've let your mom down. | was the one who caused her death! | took the poison myself. | wanted to die! Someone like me doesn't deserve to continue living...” 
###Chapter 2050
Chapter 2050
Chapter 2050 No Way To Arrest Her
Grant confessed that he originally wanted to take his own life. Since sleeping pills were not easy to buy, he bought a drug that aided blood clotting.
Despite knowing that it would be a painful death, he was already in the terminal stage of his cancer and would die at the end of the day.
It'll hurt far worse when my cancer eventually acts up. /It least this pain can alleviate some of my inner torment.
“So, you were trying to take your own life?” Lucian was slightly taken aback. Winnie's arrest would fail if that were the case. Grant stopped responding and burst into tears.
When Roxanne saw how hard he was crying, she gradually calmed down and fixed a cold, hostile gaze on him.
“What gives you the right to cry, Grant? And what right do you have to die? Since Winnie did it, you should've dragged her to death with you. In the end, you're still not over her. Am | right? After all, you still have two children with her, right?”
She felt a wave of regret wash over her. | should've ignored my despicable father from the very beginning and just let him die. “I'm so sorry, Roxanne!” Grant wanted to say something more, but Roxanne did not wish to hear another word.
At the moment, all she wanted was to find Winnie as soon as possible.
I'll never let that b *tch off!
When Lucian saw his wife storming off to start the car, he swiftly dissuaded her and got behind the wheel himself, intending to first go to the police station to check on the situation's development.
However, just as they arrived at the police station, the police officer in charge of the case gave him a call.
“Mr. Farwell, we were able to prove from the test results that there was an excessive amount of coagulant in Mr. Jarvis’ body, causing the blood to clot. Hence, there's a possibility that he was poisoned, but he could've also overdosed. Just now, we called Mr. Jarvis to confirm that he had awakened, and since that was the case, we hoped that he would come over to cooperate with the investigation. He insisted, however, that he took the drugs himself. Since he was trying to take his own life, the case is...”
After hearing that, Lucian glanced at Roxanne beside him, hoping she had not heard anything.
What's going on with Grant? One moment, he keeps on pleading for forgiveness. In the next, he breaks down in tears. Yet, he still testifies in Winnie's defense so that the police can't arrest her. Is he schizophrenic? How depressed will Roxanne be if she learns that Grant is still defending Winnie?
Lucian decided not to tell Roxanne about it, so he said to the officer, “We'll be there shortly. There's something | need your help with.”
“No problem. I'll wait for you at the police station.” After saying that, the officer hung up the phone.
While Lucian was putting away his phone, Roxanne abruptly asked, “Is there no way to make an arrest?”
There was a miserable and bitter smile on her face.
He nodded. "It's fine. Even if we can't arrest her, we can still find her,” he comforted her.
After Lucian spoke to the officer at the police station, a look of understanding crossed the latter's face, and he gave them Winnie's current address.
The two wasted no time and headed straight to a mansion in the suburbs.
Taking into consideration that his wife was pregnant, Lucian instructed Cayden to immediately arrange for bodyguards to go along to ensure her safety.
It was past ten at night when they arrived. Roxanne gritted her teeth with hatred when she saw the size of the mansion’s residential area.
How can a wicked person like Winnie still live so comfortably? Does she not dream every night after doing so many unconscionable deeds? Isn't she afraid in those dreams?
The bodyguards also arrived at that point. They numbered seven or eight, and each appeared menacing. The security personnel at the gate originally wanted to stop them, but they instantly dared not utter a word and allowed them to enter.
Lucian kept comforting his wife and telling her to remain calm. All she had to do was come up with the right words to say to get Winnie to tell the truth. Meanwhile, he would record the entire conversation 
###Chapter 2051
Chapter 2051
Chapter 2051 Such Small Retribution Is Nothing Roxanne and Lucian followed the address to Building No. 16. It was a three-story, stand-alone mansion. Despite being in the suburbs, it was still valued at no less than ten million.
The yard was surrounded by an iron fence, and there were still lights on at the second floor. It was apparent that Winnie was still awake.
With a grim expression, Roxanne rang the doorbell. Not long after, a gruff voice complained, “Who is it? It's the middle of the night!” Roxanne narrowed her eyes. She was very familiar with the man's voice. I'm sure that it belongs to Yosef.
Yosef walked to the iron gate while reeking of alcohol and peered out from inside. He froze when he spotted Roxanne, and then he caught a glimpse of the hostile-looking Lucian.
The streetlights allowed the couple to see the gloomy and uncertain expression on his face.
“Roxanne? It's so late. What do you want?” Yosef's voice instantly lost its previous gruffness, and he appeared to be more or less sober up.
“Open the gate. | want to see Winnie!” Roxanne did not wish to waste time talking to him. Her whole face seemed to be shrouded by a thick layer of frost.
“Sorry. My mom isn't here now. Come back another day!” There was slight panic in Yosef's eyes, but he still turned his face away and replied awkwardly.
Following that, he turned around and wanted to leave.
Just then, Lucian's steely voice rang out. “If you don't open the gates, | don't mind tearing down your mansion tonight!” Yosef was so frightened that he stopped in his tracks, but he dared not turn around and face Lucian's frosty gaze.
In truth, the mansion's iron fence was not all that high.
Seeing that Yosef was still frozen on the spot, Lucian had had enough of talking. He turned his head and shot a look at the bodyguards, and they immediately took action.
Darting forward like loosed arrows, they effortlessly went over the iron fence within three seconds. In the next instant, Yosef was pinned to the ground by two of the bodyguards.
“Roxanne, Lucian, what are you trying to do? This is trespassing. It's against the law. | want to call the police!”
Yosef struggled fiercely, but he was powerless against the strength of the two bodyguards. His hands were tightly restrained, and his tears were about to fall from the pain.
Roxanne walked over to him before crouching down. Then, she raised her hand and slapped him twice.
She would never forget how the so-called “elder brother” whom Grant forced her to acknowledge had brought many male classmates to bully her.
Not only did they call her a b*tch and a piece of trash, but they also punched and kicked her. Roxanne never thought that he would still dare to return to Horington and live carefreely in the mansion. Even after hitting him twice, she still could not relieve her hatred.
“Yosef, it's time to settle the score for the harm you once did to me!” She gritted her teeth and wanted to slap him again, but Lucian held herback.
“Let me do it. Hitting this kind of person will get your hands dirty.” Lucian's gaze was gloomy. He would never let someone that his wife hated so much off the hook.
“Break his hand!” Lucian's malevolent aura completely exploded at that moment. His eyes gleamed with murderous intent as he gave the order in a low voice.
The bodyguards acted immediately, and in the blink of an eye, Yosef screamed in agony, “Ahhh! My hands! They are broken!”
Yet, the bodyguards’ expressions remained unchanged. They struck decisively, using their kicks to shatter the radius of Yosef's hands at the fastest possible speed.
After the screams, only muffled groans left Yosef's lips, and he kept inhaling sharply. The pain made him tremble all over. The veins on his forehead popped as cold sweat beaded on him.
Roxanne showed no concern for his predicament. She wanted nothing more than to rip him to pieces, so he should be thankful that he only had broken bones in his hands now.
She pondered how he could go so far as to lead a group of people to beat up her ten-year-old self until she was covered in bruises.
There were even many hairline fractures on her body at the time. Asmall bit of retribution like this is nothing! Yosef's screams quickly attracted the figure upstairs, and she rushed down quickly.
“Yosef! Yosef, what happened to you? 
###Chapter 2052
Chapter 2052
Chapter 2052 A Hundred Ways
Alook of shock crossed Winnie's face when she rushed downstairs and saw the large crowd. She demanded loudly, “What do you think you're doing? I've called the cops, so you'd better hurry up and leave!”
“Winnie, do you think you have the right to call the cops?" The bodyguards moved aside, making way for Roxanne to walk forward.
Winnie's expression fell instantly, and her eyes widened in panic when she spotted Roxanne and Lucian. “What are you trying to do, Roxanne?” she asked guiltily, lowering her head to check her son's condition. Although she did not see any blood, Yosef was grimacing in pain and drenched in a cold sweat.
Winnie dared not move closer to him, nor did she dare to meet Roxanne’s gaze.
“Winnie Chardon, you're truly shameless and ruthless! You tore apart my family. Even after becoming a disgusting homewrecker, you dared to drive my mother out! Then, you brought your children and ganged up with them to mistreat me. However, all that is merely the tip of the iceberg. | can't believe you went as far as to plot my mother's death! How did you get to be so black- hearted?”
As Roxanne slowly walked up to Winnie, she could no longer suppress her desire for revenge. For someone like her, slapping her a few times would be going too easy on her.
That thought made her abandon that plan. Then, moving so deftly that nobody noticed anything, a silver needle suddenly appeared in her hand.
Roxanne struck quickly, aiming the needle directly at a nerve in Winnie's arm and causing immense pain. As she pushed it in deep, the latter cried out in agony. “Ahhh!”
It hurt so badly that Winnie immediately dropped her arm to her side. Her right hand felt as though it was broken. No matter how hard she tried, she could not exert any strength. The piercing pain also started making her head throb.
Another silver needle appeared in Roxanne's hand right after she inserted the first. This time, she targeted Winnie's left hand.
In a matter of seconds, Winnie let out another ear-piercing scream, unable to speak. Her arms hung straight down awkwardly, and she looked terrified.
To Roxanne, however, the horror in Winnie's eyes was nothing compared to what she had felt previously. Back then, she had lived in fear every day, afraid that Winnie would drag her off somewhere with Yosef and Yuliana, then beat her to death in an apparent accident.
Meanwhile, Lucian and the bodyguards were stunned by the pain she had inflicted with just two needles.
It had crossed Lucian's mind that while his wife's medical skills could treat illnesses, they could also harm others. However, he had not expected such shocking effects.
Winnie was in so much pain that her body shook like a leaf. She kept retreating, but Roxanne stabbed a third needle into her right knee before she could dodge.
That made Winnie fell forward onto her knees with a thud. Since she could not use her arms to brace herself, her whole body slammed straight onto the courtyard's stone floor. If not for the layer of snow covering the ground, she would have smashed her head and created a bloody mess.
“Would you like me to continue, Winnie? | have more than a hundred ways, at the very least, to seek revenge on you and make your life a living hell,” Roxanne uttered, her voice cold and hard.
In the past, she had perhaps thought that everything that had happened to her family was, to some extent, due to the emotional conflicts between her parents and Winnie. She had blamed Grant for his despicable behavior and loathed Winnie for being devoid of moral conscience. But now, this is revenge for killing my mother! At this moment, how am | supposed to maintain the sense of compassion a doctor should have and remain calm?
Fortunately, Lucian sensed something amiss with her emotional state and rushed to her side. He placed both hands on her shoulders and drew her gently into his arms.
“Calm down, Darling. Let's stick to our plan.” His voice soothed her agitation. Then, he gently rested her right hand on her belly.
That seemed to jolt her to her senses, and she ran her hand lightly over her belly. Thinking about how she was carrying two precious lives inside her made her feel slightly calmer. Nonetheless, her gaze was still frosty as she stared at Winnie lying motionless on the ground.
“Roxanne... | never did anything... Don't talk nonsense, | - It was Grant... He slandered me,” Winnie eked out haltingly.
Neither Roxanne nor Lucian was surprised to hearthat. After all, murder was a serious crime, and no one would admit to it readily. 
###Chapter 2053
Chapter 2053
Chapter 2053 You Deserve To Rot In Hell
The pain inflicted on Winnie's nerves did not last long, and after several minutes, she climbed to her feet unaided. Bits of snow covered her face as she gazed at Roxanne fearfully.
“If you don't want to experience such torment again, you'd better explain everything. How did you poison my mother back then?” Roxanne demanded, her eyes still blazing with fury.
At the same time, Lucian secretly started the voice recorder.
“| really didn't do anything. Grant is about to die soon, yet he still wants to slander me before his dying breath,” Winnie replied, dropping into a crouching position.
Her demeanor was gradually shifting. Letting her gaze fall on the murderous bodyguards, then at her son’s broken hand, a realization dawned on her. With Roxanne's current capabilities, she can destroy my family whenever she wishes, more so now that she has the support of the powerful Farwell family. Hence, it doesn't seem to make a difference whether or not | admit to it.
Asneer tugged on her lips as that thought crossed her mind, and both Roxanne and Lucian noticed it.
“Why would he frame you? Stop trying to be funny. On the contrary, he wants to protect you! Did you know he wanted to commit suicide to help you keep your secret?” Inwardly, Roxanne kept reminding herself to stay calm. Otherwise, no matter how | try to seek revenge on her now, nothing | do will truly make her suffer.
“Really? Suicide, you say? Hahaha! Well, is he dead? He'd better be. That guy doesn't deserve to live. What else has he brought to the lives of my children and me apart from misfortune?” No longer writhing in pain, Winnie started getting increasingly worked up.
It did not shock Roxanne to hear Winnie talk about Grant like that. After all, she has had a hard life with him over the past few years, which serves her right. Even so, he gave her everything she wanted in the beginning. He bought her a mansion and luxury cars, even waiting on her hand and foot.
“You should just admit what you did. My mother had always been in good health. However, her health took a strange turn during the last few years of her life. She would have dizzy spells and fall over, and we later found out that she was suffering from multiple organ damage. | used to think it was because of how devastated she had been, never imagining that someone as monstrous as you would exist on this earth!”
Even though Roxanne kept pressing Winnie for answers, the latter's expression grew increasingly relaxed. Suddenly, the mocking smile on Winnie's lips widened. “I know you want to record my words when | confess to my crime. What a pity that an audio recording like yours won't be considered valid in the eyes of the law. Since you obtained it through coercive methods, there's no chance it'll be of any use.”
Roxanne was stunned, and her eyes flicked toward Lucian.
His brows drew together sharply. It seems Winnie is more difficult to deal with than | had imagined. Now that | think about it, it does make sense. She's a mistress who schemed for many years and finally got rid of the original spouse. Apart from her vain and arrogant facade, her true nature is well-hidden. She gives the impression that she lacks emotional intelligence, but that's actually all a convincing pretense.
“That's true. An audio recording like this won't be admissible as evidence in court. Nonetheless, it's possible to find clues ina recording. For example, what you said just now proves that you did it,” Lucian responded, taking out the voice recorder. There was an icy glint in his eyes as he strode over to Winnie until he was one meter away from her.
Despite his terrifying aura, Winnie maintained her composure. She even nodded in agreement at his reasoning.
“It really was you! Winnie Chardon, you deserve to rot in hell!” Roxanne clenched her teeth in anger, infuriated that a murderer still had the audacity to act so haughtily.
When she walked past Lucian, however, he quickly held her back.
On high alert, he cautioned, “Don't go any closer. She might have a lethal weapon, and you'll get hurt!” 
###Chapter 2054
Chapter 2054
Chapter 2054 What Can You Do "So what if | did it? Do you have any evidence?” Winnie brazenly flashed a smug sneer. After being hit and in pain, she had nowhere to vent her anger.
At that moment, the only thing keeping her in a good mood was seeing Roxanne in a fury. Even if | get beaten up again, this b*tch won't dare to hit me to death.
With that thought in her mind, she arched her brow. Sensing she could move her arm again, Winnie wiped her face and slowly got to her feet. "Roxanne, your mother has been dead for over a decade. Do you think you can still find any evidence? Even if you know I'm the culprit, what can you do about it? Hahaha! You can continue using your needles to inflict pain on me. Perhaps I'll even get healthier after my pain receptors arc repeatedly stimulated!"
Roxanne was stunned.
Boundless rage churned within her chest, threatening to burst from her like a volcanic eruption.
However, it was as if the outburst was stifled by something at the final moment before she blew up in anger. Neither words nor actions were effective in dealing with an evil person like Winnie.
That was Roxanne's first time feeling her heart throbbing and aching from a fit of rage.
Her breathing became uneven, and she couldn't catch her breath.
Lucian sensed his wife's abnormal state and quickly embraced her, whispering soothing words to comfort her. “Calm down. Don't be anxious. 1'11 find a way. 1'11 definitely come up with a solution. Think about rhe children in your belly and try not to gel loo agitated. Darling, she's deliberately goading you. Don't fall for her trap."
Roxanne's vision darkened slightly, and her anger- induced rapidly rising blood pressure was causing her to feel dizzy. Fortunately, Lucian's broad shoulders and warmth helped her gradually regain her composure. As if exhausted, she caught her breath and panted heavily. She felt weak all over, and her body shuddered uncontrollably.
Lucian held her even tighter, his right hand covering her abdomen as he muttered, "Darling, don't worry. The children won't want to see you like this. Archie, Benny, Estella, Seward, and Norcen wouldn't want you to be sad.”
Hearing the names of her five children, Roxanne felt a sudden surge of energy washing over her and reaching her limbs. Subsequently, she slowly calmed down.
However, Winnie continued to provoke her, “I never thought that after all these years, Grant would still find out about this. Regrettably, my scheme wasn't perfect. Interestingly, your dad even wants to help cover up the truth. Roxanne, didn’t you save Grant's life? How does it feel now? It's not the first time he betrayed you, right? Hahaha!"
Her maniacal laughter was laced with ferocious malevolence.
At that instant, Roxanne leaned against her husband's chest, bur she was already starring to pull herself together.
Only a single thought remained in her mind. | will make Winnie pay for her crimes!
“Winnie, there is no statute of limitations for lawsuits in our country. As long as | can find evidence, your demise will be inevitable,” Roxanne replied indifferently.
Winnie showed no fear. Instead, a crazed and distorted expression spread across her face. “Really? In that case, 1 shall wait and see how you'll make me meet my end.”
She snorted in utter disbelief. Over a decade has passed. What crucial evidence can Roxanne possibly find?
From the moment Grant noticed something abnormal about the medical record, Winnie had already made countless speculations in her heart. The medical record can only prove the case to be heavy metal poisoning. This case didn't raise any alarm back then, so what is the significance of reexamining the corpse to ascertain the same cause of death again now? Ultimately, evidence plays a crucial role, either witness or physical evidence. Did anyone see what | did? No! As for those heavy metals, they were discarded long ago, and their whereabouts are unknown! 
###Chapter 2055
Chapter 2055
Chapter 2055 Dead
Roxanne returned to the manor in utter exhaustion.
Lucian brought her a glass of warm water for her to drink. Then, he served her a bowl of mushroom soup. “Darling, what you need to do now is to stay calm. We will think of a way together to gather sufficient evidence.
Perhaps we can ger some clues from Grant. We'll go and talk to him again tomorrow to make him recall as many details as he
can.
Lucian remained collected. They could confirm that his mother-in-law had died from a premeditated murder by poisoning. Still, there was no doubt they needed sufficient witnesses and physical evidence.
“Honey, first, we must get the case filed. To do that, I've decided to exhume the body and perform an autopsy.”
Tears uncontrollably streamed down Roxanne’s cheeks again when she uttered those words. Mom suffered so much when she was alive. Unexpectedly, her peace has to he disrupted even after she has passed on. All of this happened because of Grant’.
In Roxanne's memory, before Winnie, the mistress, entered their lives, her parents were already arguing all the time. Grant would lose his temper for no reason and constantly criticized her mother.
Now, she realized Grant had been trying to force a divorce, but he had underestimated Roxanne's mother's commitment to relationships and dedication to preserving the family.
Hence, in the absence of any other means to force Roxanne's birth mother to get a divorce from Grant, Winnie resorted to malicious methods.
Lucian's face was suddenly filled with sorrow as well.
He had always harbored a regret in his heart for not having the chance to look after his mother-in-law properly.
from that day onward, regardless of the resources he had to expend, Lucian was determined to bring Winnie to justice. The couple fell silent for a few moments.
Meanwhile, Elias and Sonya, who were upstairs, noticed Lucian and Roxanne had returned. They went downstairs to check on them, wanting to remind them that the weather was cold and that they should go to bed early.
Unexpectedly, they sensed their son and daughter-in-law's mood was off, so they hurriedly asked what was going on.
Elias and Sonya fell into a daze after they heard Lucian's account. They couldn’t believe their daughter-in-law's birth mother had suffered such a tragic fate.
A few seconds later, Sonya exploded with rage. “Lucian, no matter what, we must not let Winnie off the hook this time! Thar woman is too terrifying!”
Elias, a composed and rational man, grimaced. “Lucian, tomorrow I'll seek help from a friend of mine who is a senior police officer. Perhaps he has experience in this area.”
Lucian and Roxanne nodded firmly. Roxanne, in particular, felt a surge of strength in her heart. With the support of her entire family, she had the courage to face whatever was to come.
I'he two elders comforted Roxanne for a while longer, telling her to leave the children under their care so that she could deal with the issue al hand without worry. They also reminded her to always discuss any problems she encountered with everyone in the family.
To reassure her parents-in-law, Roxanne gradually pulled herself out of her dispirited mood, nodded, and urged them to go upstairs to sleep first.
“Let's go and take a hot shower for now. We II continue working hard again tomorrow.” Lucian held his wife's hand and slowly moved upstairs together.
At that moment, Roxanne's phone suddenly rang.
It was a call from the Jarvis residence's housekeeper.
She frowned. What's up with Grant this time?
After answering the call, she heard rhe housekeeper's panicky voice. “Mrs. Farwell, something terrible happened! Mr. Jarvis took his own life!”
Roxanne's face froze in an instant.
Lucian also arched his brows as astonishment filled his chest.
1'hey had actually anticipated Grant's death and were prepared for that day to come sooner or later. However, they never expected him to end his own life at that critical juncture.
“Grant, you heartless beast! | just saved your life earlier today. | needed you to provide evidence, yet you voluntarily took your own life. You’re a coward and a sc*mbag! Do you intend to let my mom’s murder case slide just like this?” Roxanne suffered yet another episode of emotional breakdown.
Her tears gushed out again while she hugged Lucian and sobbed in his arms.
She wasn't sad. Instead, all she fell was resentment as her hatred for Grant intensified. 
###Chapter 2056
Chapter 2056
Chapter 2056 The Universe Is Against Her
Lucian calmed down the housekeeper and immediately called Caydcn to have the latter prepare for handling the death at rhe Jarvis residence.
Roxanne didn't want to go back there that night. With a father like that, there was no need to even see him one last time.
Lucian spent the whole night talking to Roxanne, and it was not until three or four in the morning that they felt sleepy. After she fell asleep, he continued to gently hold her in his arms.
They didn't sleep for long, as there were still many things to do.
When Elias and Sonya learned rhe news, they didn’t express much sadness or sorrow. Instead, they pondered why Grant had committed suicide. Is it due to guilt toward his ex-wife or because he wanted to protect his mistress?
“Mom, Dad, let's keep Grant's funeral simple. We don't need to make it public either. We II pay our respects today and send him away tomorrow!” Roxanne told the older couple.
“Okay, then the children should skip school today. Let's all go and pay our respects. After all, he was their grandfather.” Elias nodded in agreement.
The family made preparations according to Roxanne's
wishes by handling everything simply. The three children also had some understanding of their maternal grandfather's death. “Mommy, 1 think Granddad must have gone to be with Granny. Don't be too sad!” Estella comforted Roxanne.
Archie and Benny also nodded in agreement.
Al that, Roxanne hugged the three children and kissed their cheeks.
From that day on, Roxanne left the Jarvis family for good and belonged only to the Farwell family.
In the afternoon, a wake was set up in the Jarvis residence. Roxanne and the children went to pay their respects and handle the funeral, with Lucian and his parents accompanying them throughout the whole ordeal.
Ata certain hospital, Winnie was taking care of Yosef whose two arms were broken. They had been placed in a thick cast, and it would rake him at least two months to recover.
Presently, Yosef's expression was grim as he despised Roxanne with every liber of his being. Suddenly, Winnie said, “Yosef, your father died last night!”
“What? Grant is dead?” Yosef appeared shocked for a moment, but then he became expressionless again. “It's good that he's dead. With a father like him, it doesn't make much of a difference whether he's alive or dead.”
Winnie didn't argue and didn’t have much of a reaction herself.
“Mom, could you also notify Yuliana? Let her have something to be happy about!" As Yosef thought of something, a cold smile appeared on his lips.
Winnie paused for a moment, then nodded. “I'll tell her, bur | don't think she cares. After all, ever since you two grew up, all Grant has brought is endless trouble. He hasn't acted like a father at all!"
After that, she immediately called her daughter to inform Yuliana about Grant's death.
As expected, Yuliana's reaction was not much different from Yosefs. It was as if Grant's death had nothing to do with her.
“Is he dead? Thar's good! Just don't come and bother us about the funeral. Anyway, with Roxanne being so rich now, she can give him a grand funeral! I've never considered this man my father in my entire life.”
Yuliana hung up the phone without even bothering to say another word more about it.
Along while later, Winnie broke the silence with a question. “Yosef, do you think Grant killed himself to protect me?” she murmured.
Yosefs mind wasn't on this at all. He frowned and said, “Come on, why are you even thinking about that? If he really cared about you, why would he tell Roxanne rhe truth before he died? He could have taken that secret to
his grave. Mom, are you sure that Roxanne won't be able to find a way to gel back at you?” “I'm sure there's no way she can do that. | mean, even Grant is dead now. II's like the universe is against her.
Anyway, once you've recovered, we should sell the house and leave Horington!” 
###Chapter 2057
Chapter 2057
Chapter 2057 We Must Act Fast
The funeral was a simple affair. That night, Roxanne watched over her father's body at the Jarvis residence, feeling a heavy weight on her chest.
Grant's death meant she was left with no parents in this world, which made her sad. As a doctor, she had witnessed too much loss in the world and often tried to suppress her emotions. Even so, she couldn't help feeling sorry for herself at that moment.
After raking the children home, Lucian returned to the mansion.
I lis gentle gaze lifted Roxanne's spirits, and they sat in silence. As the temperature continued to drop, Lucian offered her two additional jackets.
Later on, Elias and Sonya arrived, and they assured the young couple, “Cayden will rake care of rhe children, and the bodyguards are watching over them loo. Don't worry.”
Roxanne was grateful for their support and rhe fact that they were there for her even though it was so late. Despite that, she suggested, “Dad, Mom, it's too cold here. You should go back. Lucian and | will stay here. After the funeral tomorrow, everything will be over.”
However, Elias and Sonya refused. Elias declared, “From now on, Sonya and | are your true parents, Roxanne. The Farwell family will always support you!”
Nodding, Sonya agreed with determination, “Don't worry. If anyone dares to harm you, that means they're going up against the entire Farwell family. | was too dumb and made too many mistakes in the past, but from now on. I'll be a good mother to you.”
Upon hearing this, Roxanne fell that her heart was torn between bitterness and joy, and she couldn't control the flood of emotions that caused tears to suddenly stream down her cheeks.
Those words were exactly what she needed to hear right now.
Seeing that she was crying, Sonya became anxious. She handed Roxanne a tissue and wiped her tears carefully. “Why are you crying? Don't be sad, Roxanne. Don't cry anymore. Grant isn’t worth your tears .”
“I'm not crying for him. Thank you. Mom and Dad!” At that moment, Roxanne truly regarded Elias and Sonya as her biological parents.
Elias nodded and walked up to the altar. Looking at Grant's portrait, he said with a firm voice, “Grant, you were inadequate as a father when you were alive, but in the final moments of your life, you did the right thing. Go and face Roxanne's mother in the afterlife. From now on, we, the Farwell family, will take care of Roxanne and the children!"
Lucian heard this and quickly stood up. Then, he walked over to F.lias. Standing together, the two men made a solemn promise to the departed Grant.
Roxanne suddenly felt a sense of peace and security in her heart. Feeling tired, she leaned on Sonya’s shoulder.
Sonya patted her arm gently and murmured, “Don't worry. It's all over now...”
The familiar gesture reminded Roxanne of her mother from her childhood. Perhaps, all women would become so doting on their children after becoming mothers.
It was five or six in the morning when the funeral vehicles finally arrived at the funeral home. The family remained busy as they dragged their tired bodies through the entire following process.
By noon, all the funeral procedures were completed, and Roxanne held an urn filled with ashes in her hands. She didn't know if her mother wanted to be buried with a person like Grant.
In addition, she planned to exhume her mother's remains and check for signs of poisoning so that she could reopen the case. After all, based on what she knew of Winnie and hetfamily, they had to be in a hurry’ to leave llorington. Hence, time was of rhe essence.
Roxanne went back to the Jarvis residence and put her father's ashes there, intending to figure our rhe next steps later. 
###Chapter 2058
Chapter 2058
Chapter 2058 There Is No Problem
Lucian accompanied Roxanne throughout everything so whenever she was exhausted, she could find a dependable shoulder to lean on.
When they returned home, the children were very quiet and came over to hug Roxanne.
“Mommy, you should go rest now. We are good kids and won't make noise!” Estella said. She even rubbed her mother's belly and talked to her siblings in there. Archie and Benny also nodded, saying they would fake good care of Estella.
Roxanne slept until eight o'clock chat night before being called to dinner by Sonya.
When she walked into the living room, she saw many people there.
Jonathan had come over with his parents, Zachary and Henrietta.
The Lann family was also present, consisting of James, his father Jones, and his mother Yennefer.
Madilyn also brought Lorraine.
As soon as the women saw Roxanne, they hurried over to console her.
“Roxanne, you probably didn't get enough sleep. Your eyes are a bit swollen. Quick, have something to eat. 1 brought some supplements for you to replenish your nutrition!” Henrietta said anxiously with a caring voice.
Yennefer's eyes also showed gentleness as she said, “Roxanne, it's all right. It's all over now. If there's anything you need, just tell us."
Lorraine’s face was blank, but there was a glimmer of light flickering in her eyes as she held Roxanne's hand.
“Roxanne, is there anything | can help you with?" she uttered softly, worried that after losing a family member, Roxanne might not be able to accept it.
Madilyn stared at her best friend for a few seconds, observing her carefully to make sure she was okay before pouting slightly in dissatisfaction. “Why didn't you tell me about something so major happening?” she asked.
Faced with so many gentle and concerned faces, Roxanne fell a rush of warmth that swept through her entire body. She shook her head slightly and smiled a little. “Don't worry, everyone. I'm fine. Remember, I'm a doctor, and I've seen too many of such things.”
Roxanne understood that her friends and family might not be aware of the lack of emotional connection between her and her father, Grant, which was why everyone was so worried about her.
Soon, Sonya brought over a bowl of nourishing soup at just the right temperature, urging Roxanne to drink it. “Roxanne, don't bother with us. You go ahead and eat your food first!” “Yeah, eat up! Don't worry about trying to entertain us.”
Everyone was urging her to eat, and no one cared about etiquette at such a moment.
Thus, Roxanne obediently went to the kitchen and had some food.
In rhe living room, rhe elders were still discussing rhe situation. Only after Lucian told them that there weren't any more problems did they finally breathe a sigh of relief.
Soon, Roxanne came out, and everyone chatted with her. After they confirmed that she was okay, they all said goodbye and left. Madilyn was the last to leave. She pulled Roxanne aside and smiled a little, asking, “You're sure you're okay, right?"
“Madilyn, I'm really fine. You know how | feel about Grant, so I'm just a little sentimental and nothing more. I'll be back to normal soon. But there's one thing | need to ask you about. Is it appropriate for me to attend your wedding right after a funeral? I'm worried that it might not be appropriate.”
Roxanne was concerned about violating any cultural customs or taboos, but Madilyn shook her head confidently.
“There's nothing inappropriate about it. Even in our hometown, it's acceptable. As long as you're not mourning and wearing mourning clothes, we re good. Besides, we re in Horinglon now, and there arc no such taboos here. I'm
looking forward to you doing my hair tomorrow and Essie's wedding dress being ready. | can't wait!”
Roxanne's mood lifted at the sight of her best friend's excitement, and they chatted for a while before parting ways. 
###Chapter 2059
Chapter 2059
Chapter 2059 Cannot Let Her Go
As the night grew darker, Roxanne saw that Elias and Sonya were already showing signs of exhaustion and urged them to go to bed and get some rest.
After all, young people could afford to stay up late occasionally, but older people couldn't, as it could disrupt their biological clocks.
Elias and Sonya nodded while reminding her to get some rest too.
However, Roxanne couldn't sleep. She had just finished handling her father's funeral and now had to rethink her mother's poisoning case.
Not long after, Cayden hurriedly arrived at the Farwell Residence to report to Roxanne and Lucian, about the situation regarding Winnie's villa, which was under Yuliana's name and was already in rhe hands of many. They were preparing for a quick and cheap sale.
As it turned our, rhe villa Winnie was staying in was under Yuliana's name, and it had now been handed to several real estate agencies to be sold off at a low price.
“Arc they trying to run away?” Lucian raised an eyebrow. In a cold voice, he added, “Buy the house, drag the procedures out, and only give a partial deposit. As long as Winnie hasn't received the full payment, she won't be willing to leave.”
While it was possible to stop others from buying the house, offering a higher price and buying it themselves was the best way to stay in control. Then they could monitor Winnie and Yosef s movements.
“Honey, is everything okay with the police?” Roxanne asked.
Lucian nodded. “Yeah, it's all good. The procedure has already started. Are you sure you want to exhume rhe remains tomorrow?”
Even though it was considered taboo in traditional Chanacan culture, Roxanne didn't care about that anymore. She nodded firmly and said, “Finding out the truth about my mom's death is more important than following customs. Winnie mustn't get away with it!”
Lucian understood her determination and said, “My dad has invited an old detective to help. He worked as a coroner for seven or eight years, so he's good at what he does and will be here soon.”
With everything in place, Roxanne suddenly felt more ar case. That night, she dreamt of her mother. Even though they talked about a lot, she couldn't remember what her mother said when she woke up. Maybe she's trying to tell me something?
Regardless, Roxanne was even more determined to exhume the remains and perform an autopsy now.
The next day, she went through her usual routine of getting her kids ready for school and having breakfast with them before sending them off.
When she returned, she found that her husband was accompanied by an old and lean man dressed in simple clothes. "This is Bill Chapman,” Lucian introduced.
Roxanne nodded and said, “Hello, Mr. Chapman. Thanks for coming to help us out.”
The old detective, Bill, nodded back with a friendly smile and said, “Let's go. The weather is nice right now, so we can move quickly. By rhe way, have rhe police arrived at the site?”
Lucian confirmed that the police had sent officers to the cemetery, and they drove for half an hour to get there.
When they arrived, the cemetery was silent, and the golden sunlight shone on rows of gravestones, creating a peaceful atmosphere.
Several police officers were already at Roxanne's mother's grave raking photos and collecting evidence.
Lucian, Roxanne, and Bill approached them quickly, and Bill greeted rhe officers, who showed him great respect. Everyone looked to Lucian and Roxanne, waiting for their confirmation.
Roxanne nodded at her husband, who responded with a reassuring look.
“Officers, thank you for your hard work. Let's begin!” Roxanne said to everyone.
In her heart, she spoke to her mother. Mom, forgive me for being disobedient and disturbing your peace. 1 have to let the truth of your death come to light. We can't let that evil woman get away with it! 
###Chapter 2060
Chapter 2060
Chapter 2060 Worse Than Death Lucian didn't let Roxanne watch the exhumation process and instead pulled her to the entrance of the cemetery to wait.
“Don't worry, Darling. These officers are very professional. They just need to take some bones for testing. Once the testing is done, the bones will be returned intact. Nothing will be lost!” Lucian reassured her.
Roxanne wasn't superstitious, but she made a suggestion. “Honey, after the testing is done, can we move the grave? Although | don't think my father is qualified to be buried next to my mother, my mother truly loved him in her lifetime. That's why she was so selfless. If only she could have decided enough was enough, maybe things would have been different!”
Lucian nodded in agreement as it was no problem to do so. This cemetery was small in scale and far away, which made it inconvenient for visits anyway.
After working for almost three hours, Bill and the group of officers came out. The officers nodded at Roxanne and Lucian before saying, “We can confirm that the remains of Ms. Jarvis' mother show signs of poisoning before death, and it was quite severe. Of course, we need to take the samples back for further testing to see what kind of poison was used. It won't take long, though. You'll only need to wait around one or two days for the results!”
When Bill heard this, he frowned and said, “You punks should work overtime and get the results within a day!” The other officers hurriedly nodded in response.
Bill asked the young officers to leave first and then went back to the car with Lucian and Roxanne.
The first sentence out of his mouth was his conclusion. “If I'm not mistaken, it's mercury poisoning!”
Mercury, also known as quicksilver, was the only metal that existed in liquid form under normal temperature and pressure. It could evaporate at room temperature, and the vapor and compounds of mercury were highly toxic.
Thermometers contained this substance, and if accidentally broken, one had to be extremely careful due to the toxicity of the mercury vapor.
Roxanne was stunned when she heard the answer.
As a doctor, she had treated patients with mercury poisoning before. Most of these individuals had been accidentally exposed to small amounts of mercury and had suffered long-lasting agony afterward.
Mercury had a powerful impact on various parts of the human body, including the nervous, digestive, respiratory, skin, and urinary systems. The toxicity would gradually increase and cause problems in all parts of the body. The initial symptoms involved headaches, dizziness, insomnia, and irritability, and soon the signs of poisoning would eventually spread throughout the entire body, leading to organ failure.
Those who suffered from chronic mercury poisoning basically experienced every kind of pain the human body could possibly go through.
As Roxanne heard the news, anger surged within her, causing her to tremble uncontrollably.
She clenched her teeth, and her eyes burned with fury. “Winnie, you have no heart! My mother had to endure unbearable pain every day before she died, yet she was still worrying about me. She must have been in so much agony!”
The pain was worse than death itself! Winnie Chardon, how | wish | could kill you!
Tears streamed down her face like a flood.
As Roxanne's tears flowed, Lucian held her tightly and whispered reassuring words into her ear.
Bill's face grew somber, but his eyes flashed with determination as he promised, “Don't worry. I'll help you catch the culprit responsible for your mother's death!”
Once they arrived home, Roxanne's emotions were still too overwhelming for her to stay still. She felt a burning desire to confront Winnie and make her suffer the same torment caused by mercury poisoning.
Soon, Cayden provided feedback that Winnie had taken the bait and agreed to meet with the people Lucian had arranged to discuss the villa's sale price that night. However, to ensure Winnie couldn't escape, Lucian instructed Cayden to get as many people as possible to block all the paths out of the city.
As night fell, the police confirmed that Roxanne's mother had indeed suffered from mercury poisoning that had accumulated over time. They were currently preparing an arrest warrant. Once the process was approved, they could proceed to arrest and interrogate the suspect. 
###Chapter 2061
Chapter 2061
Chapter 2061 The Confusing Case
Lucian was stressing over Roxanne's emotional fluctuations in the last few days. She kept going from being angry to breaking down and then finding some relief, only to go back to being angry again in a vicious cycle. He was afraid that she wouldn't be able to handle it anymore.
Thus, he left her at home and went to the police station himself to urge them to speed up the process.
Fortunately, the arrest warrant was officially issued, and four police officers went to the suburban villa to bring Winnie back to the police station.
As Winnie was only considered a suspect in the case and was required to cooperate with the investigation, they could only hold Winnie for twenty-four hours.
At the police station, Winnie was completely unafraid and full of arrogance. When she spotted Lucian but didn't see Roxanne, she smirked coldly. “You can't just pin any charges on me without evidence. Go ahead and investigate all you want. It doesn't matter to me.”
Even the police officers were angered by Winnie's arrogance, and they took her to the interrogation room with stern expressions.
Lucian waited at the door. When Bill came out, he shook his head slightly, his expression serious. "According to the forensic report, Ms. Jarvis’ mother had been suffering from the illness for three years. In other words, she had been exposed to mercury very early on. Based on the time of death, Winnie forced Grant to divorce Ms. Jarvis' mother and entered the Jarvis family a year after the illness began. That means there’s a one-year interval between the two events.”
Lucian's expression turned grim as he pondered over the words. After a few seconds, he asked, “Maybe Winnie had already set her sights on my mother-in-law from the beginning and secretly poisoned her early on?”
Bill shook his head and refuted that statement. “Ms. Jarvis mentioned her mother's normal daily routine yesterday. Her mother was always at home taking care of the family and would have been alerted to any strange behavior from random women. | was also considering whether Grant helped Winnie do this, but if that were the case, he would have shown remorse and mentioned it before his death.”
Lucian believed this too.
Grant's behavior before his death was indeed remorseful. However, the fact that he took his own life is perplexing. IVos he helping Winnie to keep the secret?This whole case is becoming more and more confusing. Why is Winnie so arrogant and fearless? Don't tell me it's really because we won't be able to find any evidence.
Bill muttered suddenly, “You should try to get Ms. Jarvis to remember more about what happened. We can see if her mother had any unusual behavior back then.”
Lucian nodded. “Mr. Chapman, I'll go back and talk to Roxanne again. You don't have to overwork yourself. Please rest more. Thank you very much for your help!”
“Don't worry; I'm going to watch how these brats conduct their interrogation next. Who knows, maybe I'll find something,” Bill said. He waved to Lucian before immediately heading back into the police station.
When Lucian returned to the Farwell Residence, he saw his wife anxiously waiting in the living room.
Roxanne was trying to control her emotions and relax her mind so that she could get a good night's sleep. Despite that, no matter how much she tried not to think about it, her mother's suffering back then filled her mind. How could she relax?
“How did it go? Did the police find any clues?” she asked eagerly when she saw her husband come in.
Lucian tried to choose his words carefully, not wanting to see his wife's mood sour again. He smiled and said, “Winnie has been arrested and is being interrogated now. Mr. Chapman is an experienced detective who can often break through the psychological defenses of criminals in critical moments, so we'll just have to see how tough Winnie is.” 
###Chapter 2062
Chapter 2062
Chapter 2062 Her Life Was Too Hard When Roxanne heard that, her tense mood relaxed slightly. Following Bill's instructions, Lucian asked her about his mother-in- law's life before her illness.
At that, Roxanne struggled to remember. She had been only five or six years old at the time, and her memories were very vague. She only remembered that her mother had been ill for a long time, but she always smiled sweetly when Roxanne came home from kindergarten. Her mother had also made her all sorts of delicious food.
Moreover, her mother loved flowers and had many potted plants that filled up the entire yard. This led to young Roxanne feeling like the scent of flowers always surrounded her during her childhood.
At that time, Grant had just started his business and had built a small factory. He would often travel around and bring Roxanne back small items and snacks from different places. He also gave her mother many gifts, such as clothes and jewelry. Her parents were very loving to each other, and Roxanne felt so happy.
But then, for some reason, her parents started arguing frequently, and it only grew worse and worse. Her mother's sadness and anger were of no use. Grant would just break things and leave the house, leaving a mess behind. The young Roxanne could only hide in her room, trembling in fear. She worried that Grant would hurt her mother, but fortunately, he didn't.
Roxanne didn't know what agreement her parents eventually reached, but suddenly, they stopped arguing. Her mother became busier and started going out every two or three days, leaving Roxanne alone at home. Although things had calmed down, her mother smiled less and less, and her eyes were always full of sadness. Sometimes, she would hug Roxanne and silently shed tears. That was when her mother began to fall ill. Looking back, those were probably the symptoms of mercury poisoning that had begun to appear. When Roxanne saw her mother's frail condition, she felt sad as well.
Maybe that was when Roxanne's desire to become a doctor began to take root in her heart. Her mother's illness quickly worsened that year, and eventually, she was bedridden. Many household chores fell on the young girl's shoulders. Her father rarely showed up, and she took care of her mother while trying not to worry her, all while still going to school.
Her mother became increasingly depressed and would often cry uncontrollably. Roxanne didn't understand at the time, but she did hold her mother tightly and shared in her pain. Those were truly difficult times.
But then, out of nowhere, Grant showed up with Winnie and her two kids, Yosef and Yuliana.
Suddenly, Roxanne had a new younger brother and sister. The entire situation completely shocked and angered her mother, which led to a huge argument between her parents.
During the argument, Roxanne heard the word “divorce,” but her mother refused to consider it, which led to Winnie hurling insults at her.
Before this, Grant had been giving them some money, but this suddenly stopped.
Hence, Roxanne's mother had to sell everything of value to keep Roxanne in school and maintain a normal life.
What they didn't expect was for the illness to last for three long years, as it tormented her mother until the very end.
In the end, her mother passed away. After that, Grant forcibly took Roxanne to a villa unfamiliar to her.
Less than a year later, Grant and Winnie shamelessly held a wedding with only a few close friends as witnesses because they didn't dare to invite many guests.
The memories ended there...
However, Roxanne was deeply trapped in grief and couldn't pull herself out of it.
“Darling, Darling...”
Lucian called her several times before she slowly came back to reality.
Her tears were about to flow again. “My mother had such a hard life, Honey! If | don't avenge her, I'll be failing her as her daughter!” 
###Chapter 2063
Chapter 2063
Chapter 2063 Something Is Fishy About This
In the police station, Bill drank double the coffee to stay awake and had the officers take Winnie back to the holding cell, stopping the interrogation.
He then questioned the two officers in charge of the interrogation, but the results were disappointing. Winnie had an incredibly strong mental fortitude. No matter how they interrogated her, her expression remained calm. Bill had been observing her pupils during the interrogation but still got nothing.
“I've seen this type of suspect before. They've been doing this for too many years, so their conscience and morals have been numbed. They constantly self-hypnotize themselves with a clean memory to suppress the truth. That's how they can appear so calm during an interrogation—they truly don’t think they've done anything wrong,” Bill explained to the young officers.
He then added, “Of course, we can't wrongly accuse anyone. If we don't have any new evidence by tomorrow, we'll have to let her go!”
Both officers nodded. One of them asked, “If time is of the essence, why did we suddenly stop the interrogation?”
Bill checked his watch and nodded. "It's one in the morning now. Let's give her two hours of rest before we launch another interrogation. At that time, she should be at her most exhausted state, and it'll perhaps lead to a breakthrough!”
Realization dawned on the two officers. If the suspect was on guard, the interrogation would be ineffective no matter what methods they used.
Bill had no plans to sleep that night.
By the time dawn broke, Bill and the two officers were all yawning, but the interrogation record in the case file gave no valuable leads. They had hoped the interrogation would reveal some flaws in Winnie's story, which they could use to find evidence.
Unfortunately, it seemed that plan wasn't working.
“Mr. Chapman, when it's time to hand things over to the afternoon shift, we might have to release her!” one of the officers said. Bill nodded. “We have to follow the law. It is what it is.”
As this was not good news, Bill hesitated for a few minutes before finally calling Lucian to tell him about it.
Lucian had just woken up, and on the phone, they discussed some details that Roxanne had remembered from the night before. “Hmm, what was Ms. Jarvis' mother doing when she was frequently out for a long time? This is very suspicious!” Bill captured the key point at once.
Lucian had noted this as well the night before. He had asked Roxanne, but she didn't know anything about it.
“Mr. Farwell, have Ms. Jarvis try to remember more details. Maybe she can recall some important memories. | will talk to the forensic team today and see if we can find any other clues,” Bill said quickly before hanging up without giving Lucian a chance to thank him.
Meanwhile, Roxanne had just dropped off the three kids at school and returned home.
When she saw her husband's worried expression, she managed a smile and said softly, "I can't be so panicked anymore. Maybe if | calm down, | can remember more details.”
Lucian nodded and walked up to her, hugging her tightly. As Roxanne savored the warmth of her husband's embrace, she felt safe and secure.
“Isn't tomorrow the day of Madilyn's wedding? I'm not in a rush anymore. After all, Winnie can't possibly disappear into thin air. I'll help Madilyn celebrate her big day first,” she murmured to herself. 
###Chapter 2064
Chapter 2064
Chapter 2064 A Changed Woman
That afternoon, Frieda, Jonathan's younger sister, rushed back from the north.
Jonathan and Madilyn went to the airport to pick her up.
It had been a long time since Jonathan had seen his sister, so he was a little stunned when he finally saw her. Even Madilyn, who had only met Frieda a few times before, noticed how much weight she had lost.
However, Frieda didn't look haggard; instead, she exuded an aura like that of a sophisticated woman.
When Frieda saw Madilyn, she immediately smiled and ran over to embrace her. “Hey, Madilyn! I'm sorry for coming back so late. The project was at a critical stage, so | had to be there.”
Madilyn was taken aback by how tight Frieda's embrace was and didn't know whether to reciprocate.
After a few seconds of hesitation, she patted Frieda’s back lightly and said, “It's okay. We're just glad you’re home. Everyone will be very happy to see you!”
Jonathan was a little puzzled by the enthusiastic hug. He then noticed his sister rolling her eyes at him. "Jonathan, you finally made the right choice and chose Madilyn. You weren't seduced by Coralie in the end.”
Jonathan didn't know what to say. That was a long time ago!
He was a little surprised by the change in his sister's personality. She seems brighter than before and less narrow-minded. What had happened to her during her time in the north? Is her relationship with Shawn doomed to fail?
There were many questions swirling in Jonathan's mind, but he didn't rush to ask them.
Frieda turned to Madilyn and praised her, “Madilyn, you're so beautiful and kind. Besides, you're a doctor who saves lives. My brother is so lucky to have you!”
Madilyn blushed at the compliments and quickly waved them off. “No, no, I'm not that great. Am I...”
Frieda nodded emphatically and then mentioned that she had checked in many things and needed to retrieve them. “I brought you guys a lot of wedding gifts. I've basically bought all the good things in the north. There are even some supplements that can help with the early conception of a child.”
Frieda's personality transformation had turned her into a completely different person.
In the past, she wasn't this lively to cause both Jonathan and Madilyn to blush.
She had brought so many things back that they couldn't fit all of them into the trunk of the car and had to place some in the back seat.
When the three of them returned to the Queen residence, Lucian and Roxanne had also arrived.
Roxanne was also surprised by Frieda's change.
However, Frieda seemed to have forgotten everything from the past as she chatted with Roxanne very naturally.
“Roxanne, I'm doing well in Horbah now. I'm also in the medicinal herb business, but most of them are cultured herbs. By the way, if your pharmaceutical company has plans to set up an agency in each state, can | fight for the spot in Horbah?”
Roxanne was surprised by Frieda's business acumen. She considered Frieda's proposal and nodded. “This matter will need to be decided by the board of directors. But if there is such a plan, | will definitely support you.”
Frieda smiled happily, rummaged through her pile of gifts, and finally took out a long box before handing it to Roxanne. “Roxanne, this is a tonic that | had a hard time finding! My mother told me you're pregnant, so you can use it to nourish your body after childbirth.”
Roxanne looked at her husband, stunned.
Lucian smiled and nodded. “Take it. Frieda means well, after all.” 
###Chapter 2065
Chapter 2065
Chapter 2065 Anything Is Fine Soon, James and Elektra came to help as well.
James' personality had also changed a lot since Yennefer began to recover. He was no longer the dull and serious person he used to be; he appeared a bit carefree and foolish now.
He playfully punched Jonathan as soon as he arrived. “We agreed to be single together, but you secretly got married. That's not fair!”
Jonathan raised an eyebrow. “If you want to get married, just say the word and there will be women lining up from the city square to the outskirts, no? You said it yourself.”
“Really? When did | say something so arrogant? Hahaha...” James laughed it off. Then he came to Lucian and Roxanne and immediately put away his carefree attitude. He asked with concern, “Lucian, Roxanne, is there anything | can help with?”
He was referring to Roxanne's mother's situation.
Roxanne shook her head. “Even the police haven't found a breakthrough yet, so we can't rush it. Thank you for your kind intentions though, James.”
Lucian narrowed his eyes and glanced at his wife. “Perhaps James can really help. Don't forget that he's been studying psychology. He should at least know hypnosis. If we can hypnotize Winnie, maybe we can get her to talk.”
James nodded. He certainly knew his own abilities when he offered to help.
Roxanne was a little surprised. She had to admit that she hadn't thought that far and hadn't considered this possibility. She couldn't help but feel a little excited. Maybe we can really do it this way!
“The key is how do we get Winnie to be hypnotized?” Roxanne pondered aloud.
Lucian and James smiled at each other.
Being nice all the time may not always be the best way. Sometimes one has to take drastic actions.
Nevertheless, they didn't say it outright.
Right then, Elektra finished chatting with Jonathan and Madilyn. She came over to say hello. “Lucian, | notice that Roxanne doesn't look well. Is she too tired?” After she finished speaking to Lucian, she shifted her gaze to Roxanne and said with a caring tone, “Roxanne, you're pregnant now. Don't overwork yourself.”
“Okay. Thank you for your concern,” Roxanne replied politely.
Is it just me or Elektra is standing very close to James? The way they're standing seems to suggest that they have an intimate relationship. Did Elektra suddenly change her mind and fall in love with James?
Roxanne came up with a wild guess all of a sudden.
But it doesn't seem like a bad thing. As long as Elektra doesn't continue to have feelings for Lucian, anything is fine!
After some small talk, Elektra suddenly took out an eye cream and personally tried it on Roxanne, saying that it could quickly eliminate eye bags.
Roxanne felt the warmth around her eye bags and knew that it was accelerating blood circulation, thereby achieving the effect of a warm pack.
She smiled and instructed James, “Record this down for me. Flora Verba Group will immediately research and develop this eye cream.”
James immediately put on a serious attitude when he heard that a new product was coming out. He listened attentively to the important instructions of the chairman of the company.
Roxanne gave a brief introduction to the underlying principles of the eye cream, explaining that it was not difficult to develop and the research institute could probably get it done in a week.
As they chatted, the conversation shifted to business matters.
Madilyn came over and complained about it, then dragged Roxanne and Elektra upstairs to show them Estella's wedding dress. 
###Chapter 2066
Chapter 2066
Chapter 2066 A Big Gift When Madilyn showed them the wedding dress, Roxanne was a little envious. Likewise, Elektra couldn't take her eyes off it.
Estella used a lot of velvet in her design this time and combined it with smooth lines. The skirt had a slightly fluffy look like a white swan about to take off and like an angel descending from the heavens.
Madilyn's figure had always been good, but this wedding dress made her look even more graceful and regal.
"It's so beautiful. Estella has really lived up to her role as your goddaughter!" Roxanne praised Estella sincerely. "My daughter is amazing!"
This made Madilyn ask her playfully to focus on her, the bride, instead.
Elektra was surprised to learn that Estella had designed the dress and couldn't speak for a long time.
"So, this is a one-of-a-kind wedding dress in the world. Ms. Xander, it's perfect on you!" Elektra also praised without hesitation. Madilyn was quite pleased in her heart when she heard the praises and had a sweet smile on her lips.
She simply didn't want to take off the dress after putting it on.
However, considering that there was still some time before the wedding ceremony officially started, she had no choice but to take it off carefully.
After everyone hung around for a while longer, Jonathan asked them to go back and rest well as they would be busy later.
“Roxanne, go home and rest. | know you have a lot going on lately, but | hope my wedding can bring you some joy. Sleep well, and when you wake up, | still need you to do my hair!"
Madilyn's tone was full of tender concern. When she woke up this morning and learned about the updated situation from Jonathan, she was so angry that she wanted to fight with Winnie.
Fortunately, Jonathan persuaded her to focus on completing the wedding ceremony first. Roxanne nodded and hugged Madilyn before leaving the Queen residence.
Upon returning to the Farwell residence, Lucian took her to the room to rest. Knowing that she probably couldn't sleep well, he even gave her a hand massage to help her relax.
Roxanne slept from the afternoon until the middle of the night. The entire time, she could feel the warmth of Lucian's body behind her and his arms wrapped tightly around her waist.
The children were picked up by their grandparents and were very well-behaved. They did not make any noise but simply finished their homework, read, and did what they liked.
When Roxanne woke up, she checked the time and saw that it was already three o'clock in the morning.
Lucian was already washing up, so Roxanne got up quickly. She had to make sure that her best friend's wedding started smoothly at the right time.
This time, they drove straight to the bride's house.
The villa was brightly lit, and many figures could be seen busy rushing around. After helping Lorraine with some things, Henrietta rushed back to the Queen residence and helped with the preparation.
Yennefer had also come to help Lorraine.
When Lucian and Roxanne arrived, Lorraine had a smile on her face. "Finally, you two are here. Roxanne, hurry up! The bride is waiting for her hair to be done!"
Roxanne nodded and went straight upstairs to her best friend's room.
Like her own wedding, they started with the traditional wedding customs.
All the tools for hairstyling were already in place. Essentially, Roxanne helping her friend style her hair was very meaningful according to tradition.
After all, this was traditionally something that the mother of the bride would do, but Madilyn had insisted on having Roxanne do it. Roxanne started to style Madilyn's hair seriously, coiling it up into a neat updo and inserting hairpins to hold it in place.
Madilyn looked at Roxanne's serious expression in the mirror and suddenly exclaimed, "Roxanne, | am really so thankful for you in my life."
"What are you talking about? Don't be so sentimental. You're the most beautiful bride today and you should be happy," Roxanne said sincerely. Suddenly, she remembered something and stopped what she was doing. She took out a document from her bag and added, "Oh, by the way, | promised to give you a big gift! Here are five percent of Flora Verba Group's shares. It will take effect immediately after you sign it!"
Madilyn was stunned by Roxanne's casual tone.
Five percent! The current valuation of Flora Verba Group has already exceeded hundreds of billions. It's like giving away five billion just like that! Roxanne is just too generous! 
###Chapter 2067
Chapter 2067
Chapter 2067 Might As Well Get Together Madilyn didn't dare to accept such a huge gift. It was just too expensive.
Roxanne chuckled. "Just sign it quickly. Don't worry, I've backdated it to before you and Jonathan got married, so it counts as your pre-marital asset. This way, you won't feel inferior when you marry into the Queen family in the future. Do you understand?"
Roxanne had been in the same situation before. When she first married Lucian, she often felt inferior and insignificant because his family was more powerful. She gave Madilyn these shares to ensure that Madilyn would feel relaxed when facing her in-laws in the future.
Moreover, Madilyn was an important part of Flora Verba Group. She was responsible for the hospital business, which was actually the most arduous one.
After much persuasion, Madilyn finally signed and agreed to accept the gift. When Lorraine heard about the gift worth five billion, she was shocked.
She quickly waved her hand and said, "No, no, we really can't accept it. Roxanne, my daughter and | have already owed you too much."
Roxanne didn't bother to explain and simply told her that it was an internal matter of Flora Verba Group and she didn't need to worry about it.
Lorraine had no choice but to keep quiet.
However, her eyes were filled with gratitude as she looked at Roxanne.
At dawn, the convoy of luxury cars began to depart from the Queen residence.
Lucian was driving the first limited edition Rolls- Royce with Jonathan sitting next to him, and
Jonathan's parents, Zachary and Henrietta, in the back. This was the first time Lucian had driven as the groom's driver. James and Elektra were in the second car with James’ father, Jones, and Elektra's father, Richard.
The two elders were chatting away, while James and Elektra didn't say much to each other.
Soon, the conversation turned to their children.
“Lucian got married early, and now even Jonathan is married. We're getting behind!" Jones said to Richard with a laugh. "That's right. You two should work on this. You're not getting any younger!" Richard muttered to the two young people in front.
James smiled and said, "Mr. Lane, I'm not in a hurry. I'm enjoying this beautiful world with a relaxed state of mind. Marriage is not something I'm concerned about right now."
This earned him a cold look from Jones. Elektra, likewise, retorted, "Dad, can't you see that both Lucian and Jonathan have successful careers, while Roxanne and Ms.
Xander are career women too? | need to work hard to achieve something in my career first. I'm not interested in marriage at all yet."
Richard could only shake his head helplessly. We have enough money at home, but these young people just want to go out and work. “If you two still haven't found anyone in two years, you might as well get together!" Jones said jokingly.
Richard was taken aback for a moment, then he smiled and replied, "Hey, that's not a bad idea. We both know each other well. James and Elektra grew up together too. It might just work!"
James immediately protested, "Dad, Mr. Lane, don't start playing matchmaker. I'm not Elektra's type at all, and | don't like a girl like her either!”
He then tilted his head and stuck his tongue out at Elektra.
In the past, Elektra would have immediately retorted and teased James, saying she didn't find him worthy of her either. But this time, she just smiled slightly and didn't argue.
“Keep your eyes on the road, James!" She tried to change the subject to hide her emotions. 
###Chapter 2068
Chapter 2068
Chapter 2068 Destroy The Evidence As the wedding day progressed, Jonathan and Madilyn began to feel the brunt of the hectic schedule and complained non-stop. After all, neither of them knew weddings would be so tiring.
Thankfully, after the ring exchange and a passionate kiss between the newlyweds, the wedding ceremony finally ended at three in the afternoon.
“Wow! Who knew Jonathan had such a fiery side to him? Guess | was just too reserved back then!" Lucian teased as he gazed at Roxanne.
To the latter, however, the first kisses between newlyweds were always the most romantic and beautiful. When Roxanne turned around, Lucian suddenly pulled her into his arms and kissed her fervently.
Needless to say, the woman was taken aback. Oh, my... Thank goodness we're watching the ceremony from backstage, so there aren't many people around. Otherwise, what would they say about an old married couple like us behaving so intimately?
Soon, it was time for the wedding reception. Lucian and Roxanne had initially planned on staying for the entire course, but as luck would have it, Bill called to inform them of the latest case developments.
Despite the building anxiety, Roxanne composed herself and waited for their turn to toast the newlyweds.
As soon as the happy couple appeared, Lucian and Roxanne congratulated them and showered them with loving wishes and blessings.
After the toast, Lucian promptly pulled Jonathan aside and whispered something into his ear. Fortunately, the latter was very understanding and expressed his approval.
At the same time, Roxanne turned to Lorraine. "Mdm. Xander, my parents will be bringing the children over in a while. I'll have to leave them in your care."
Zachary and Henrietta, too, nodded their heads and reassured Roxanne that everything would be fine.
“Roxanne, there's not much left to do for the rest of the reception. Why don't you go off first if you have something on? Don't worry. Your kids will be in good hands. After all, I'm their godmother!" Madilyn piped up.
Upon hearing that, Roxanne felt even more at ease and immediately left for the police station with Lucian. Bill, who had long been waiting for them at the entrance, hurriedly approached their car when he saw them driving in.
“After Winnie was released, we found something puzzling about one of her recent activities. She called her daughter, Yuliana, who had apparently hired a few men and are now on their way to Chanaea," Bill reported. "That's all the information | got."
Roxanne's heart began thudding in her chest. "Do you think Winnie's trying to destroy the evidence?"
"In other words, her previous quarrel with Grant might not have been an ordinary confrontation. She went to him because there was evidence left in the Jarvis residence," Lucian said.
Bill nodded in affirmation.
"In that case, who could Yuliana have hired?" Roxanne asked curiously.
Bill and Lucian exchanged knowing looks. Lucian narrowed his eyes ever so slightly and said, "If I'm not wrong, she must've hired private investigators to destroy the evidence!"
“As expected of Mr. Farwell! That's what | thought,
too!" Bill replied, albeit with a hint of hesitation. "But why would Winnie do something so reckless when she has just been investigated? That's a far cry from the calm demeanor during her questioning! Could she be intentionally diverting our attention to the Jarvis residence?"
“Even if that's her plan, it doesn't matter. | have enough people to watch over them. The only one who'd work with her at this juncture is her son, Yosef Jarvis..." Lucian muttered.
With that, he called Cayden and ordered him to put twenty bodyguards at Bill's disposal.
Even though Bill was highly-respected and wielded a good deal of authority in the police station, the fact that he was retired meant that he didn't have the power to deploy officers at the drop of a hat.
"From the looks of it, we haven't searched thoroughly enough for my mother's heirloom! Mr. Chapman, | shall return to the Jarvis residence with Lucian to look around again!" Roxanne was getting increasingly anxious.
Bill nodded and watched as the couple sped away in their car.
Not long after, Cayden brought a team of men to the station as instructed. Pleased with the turnout, Bill smiled and instantly got down to work. 
###Chapter 2069
Chapter 2069
Chapter 2069 Evidence Against Us
Meanwhile, in a mansion on the outskirts, Winnie was pacing about restlessly and checking her phone for the time almost every other minute.
Yosef, on the contrary, could only lay on the couch, unable to move because both his arms were in a cast.
Argh! | hate Lucian Farwell! He could've hit me anywhere, yet he just had to break my arms... | can't even use my phone or play cards now!
Upon seeing how uneasy his mother was, Yosef couldn't help but sigh. “Mom, don't you think you're worrying unduly? You were so calm and steady at the police station... Why are you so scared now that you're back?"
“You know nothing! I'm worried that whatever Roxanne's mother left behind might contain evidence of our crimes!" Winnie fumed as she glared at her son.
For a moment, Yosef was shocked, but he quickly got over it and grew cold as ice. "What evidence? That has nothing to do with me! | don't even remember having taken part in anything... You were the one responsible for poisoning Roxanne's mother to death."
Needless to say, Winnie was furious at how her son was acting so frivolously.
Oh, the audacity! Does he not know what I've done for him? | only did what | did for him and his sister! That's it... It's time to lay my cards on the table!
"Oh, you were a part of it," Winnie muttered as she fixed a steely gaze upon her son. "In fact, you were the one who carried out the deed."
Yosef was so stunned at his mother's claims that he would've jumped from the couch if it weren't for his broken arms.
"Don't spout nonsense, Mom," he retorted. "| was only five years old then, for goodness’ sake. How would | have helped you murder someone at that age? You should turn yourself in if you're so scared!"
That, unfortunately, was the last straw for Winnie. Without a second thought, she rushed up to Yosef and slapped him hard across the cheek.
"It's just my luck to have a son as useless as you! Why is my life so full of suffering? | want you out of my sight once your sister is back!" she yelled before bursting into tears.
Seeing his mother racked with sobs, Yosef gritted his teeth and tamped down his irritation. "That's enough. Why are you crying when you were the one who slapped me? Anyway, Yuliana’s almost home. It'd be better to have her help you since | can't do much in my current condition."
Just then, the sound of car horns rang out from the courtyard.
"Stop crying, Mom. | think Yuliana's back."
Winnie's sobs stopped abruptly as she dabbed away the tears she had so painstakingly squeezed out for the act. She rushed down the stairs to welcome her beloved daughter.
Sure enough, Yuliana had arrived home with four strangers in tow.
The men were in all shapes and sizes, yet they were so ordinarily bland that no one on the streets would give them a second look.
That characteristic, however, was what gave them the best cover. After all, their job entailed helping wealthy folks tackle some of the trickiest cases-from investigating a homewrecker to catching a cheating spouse in the act.
Winnie's face lit up when she finally saw Yuliana, but the same couldn't be said for the latter.
“Mom, you'd better be careful," Yuliana muttered sternly as she marched into the living room with the four men following behind. "You've just been released from the police station, so I'm sure your every move will be monitored. You haven't gone out, have you?"
At first, Winnie shook her head, but it didn't take long before she started squirming under her daughter's stare. "I-I did go out for a while last night. Will | really be followed? The police don't have any evidence, though..."
Yuliana's face instantly turned black as thunder. "What makes you think you'll be safe outside? Tell me. Where on earth did you go? Do you think Roxanne will let you off the hook that easily?"
Stunned by how grim Yuliana was, Winnie began to regret her own actions. "| was going to go to the Jarvis residence, but in the end, | got so worried that | passed by it without stopping. T-That isn't enough to expose me, is it?" 
###Chapter 2070
Chapter 2070
Chapter 2070 She Must Be The Culprit After treating the four private investigators to a feast and drinks, Winnie went upstairs with Yuliana to have a discussion with her. Upon seeing how miserable her brother was, Yuliana gritted her teeth in frustration.
“Roxanne is trying to wipe us out completely, but she seems to have forgotten that cornered animals are the most dangerous. If she keeps pushing us into a corner, we can hold her three children hostage!" A vicious glint flashed across Yuliana's eyes.
From what Winnie had said, she could understand how a mother's worry could be used against her.
"The best course of action now is to find a way to leave Horington first. Once we arrive in Gerton, we can consider going abroad." Yuliana’s initial plan was to get her hands on Roxanne's mother's heirloom, but looking at the situation, she might not be able to do that at this point.
“But it's obvious that the cops are after us. It won't be easy for us to leave Horington." Winne looked worried. Yuliana nodded. Suddenly, her lips quirked up as an idea popped into her mind.
As night fell, Roxanne and Lucian arrived at the Jarvis residence. Bill led a team of cops, equipped with professional search gear, to thoroughly search the premises inside and out in an effort to locate the family heirloom.
The bodyguards Lucian arranged were also actively digging in the courtyard. They dug deeper than their previous attempt, and soon, they reached a depth of about six feet.
Roxanne continued frowning as she tried to figure out what her mother's heirloom was.
She went over her childhood memories, attempting to find any clues that might be related to her mother's daily habits but to no avail.
The heirloom remained elusive despite the professional and thorough search. The fact that Winnie had failed to locate it for years made Roxanne wonder if the heirloom was just a figment of their imagination.
Just then, Bill came in from the courtyard. “I've searched everywhere in the Jarvis residence and received some feedback from the neighbors around. Based on my findings, it's unlikely that the heirloom is in the yard. It's more likely that it's still inside the house."
"Where would it be, then?" Roxanne took a sidelong glance at the building. There are only a few things left in the house, and they have combed through every possible hiding place. Where else could the heirloom be?
Lucian cautiously observed as he walked up the stairs, hoping to discover a hidden compartment.
Just when everyone was feeling a little defeated, Bill's phone rang.
It was a call from the head of the bodyguards that Lucian had arranged for him.
The head said, "Mr. Chapman, I've got an update for you. Yuliana has been living in the mansion since she returned. A car drove out not long ago, and we're following it now."
"Great. Don't lose them. There are still people in the mansion, right? Keep an eye on them. They can't possibly rely only on one car!" Bill ordered.
After being reassured by the head of the bodyguards, Bill hung up the phone.
Bill turned his attention to Lucian and Roxanne and nodded. "Winnie seems to be making a move now. There are two things they might do: destroy the evidence or escape."
Roxanne's expression changed. “E-Escape? Does that mean they no longer want to sell the mansion?"
"| believe so. When | told Cayden to negotiate the house deal with them, Winnie seemed anxious at first, but after being questioned by the cops, she seemed less concerned about the sale. The change in her behavior might suggest that money is no longer a priority for her. She must be the culprit!" Lucian uttered firmly. A glint flashed across his eyes. "But | won't let her slip through my fingers, not in Horington or anywhere else." 
###Chapter 2071
Chapter 2071
Chapter 2071 A Frantic Escape
"Mom, someone must have followed the car that has just left. With Lucian’s influence in Horington, I'm afraid we'll have a hard time leaving the mansion." Yuliana stood by the window and gently drew the curtain open with her fingers to observe the neighborhood.
The surrounding was exceptionally quiet.
Yuliana was certain that they were being watched closely from the rooftops of the neighboring mansions.
She had dispatched two private investigators in a car, not to search for the heirloom, but to distract Lucian from his plan. She picked up her phone and made a call. "It's time for you guys to depart!"
In the courtyard, the headlights of another vehicle, which belonged to Yosef, were turned on, and the other two investigators were seated inside. They were about to make a trip to the airport.
Yuliana believed the two cars were heading to the exact locations that Lucian had anticipated and that those two locations must be the primary focus of their pursuit.
Sure enough, not long after they set off, the private investigator reported, "Ms. Yuliana, someone is following us."
"Ignore them. Try to take a longer route around the city and keep an eye out for the flight departing at ten tonight," Yuliana ordered.
In the common area upstairs, she turned to Yosef and nodded.
Yosef had shed his lazy demeanor after being warned that if they failed to escape, he might lose not only his arm but turn into a cripple.
The thought of this frightened him deeply. How am | supposed to play poker if I'm paralyzed?
However, he still had no idea why his mother said he was involved in poisoning Roxanne's mother. | was only five at that time. What could | have done?
Despite his doubts, Yosef decided to act according to Yuliana’s plan. He turned off all the lights upstairs, causing the entire common area to plunge into darkness.
In total darkness, the three of them then quietly made their way down, carrying only their identity cards and wrapping themselves tightly in their clothes.
As it was the middle of winter with bitterly cold weather, dressing in thick layers was not an uncommon sight. As they got downstairs, the trio continued their walk to the underground parking lot.
The parking lots in the residential area here were not separated but connected to each other. Yuliana was betting that Lucian's men might not be aware of this.
Hence, they had prepared another car in advance.
In fact, when Yuliana returned in the afternoon, she had already had an escape plan in mind. That was why she had entered the building with a taxi.
She had intentionally rented a luxury taxi at a high price to avoid arousing any suspicion.
Everything went smoothly as they got into the vehicle. Yuliana, who was driving the taxi, closed all the windows tightly before heading to the southern exit, which was the farthest away from the mansion.
As expected, only an elderly security guard was present at the gate. The parking lot system recognized that the taxi had been parking in the residential area for more than five hours, so the guard demanded payment.
Yuliana tossed out two banknotes and muttered, "Keep the change. We have an urgent matter to attend to. Let us through quickly!"
The security guard's eyes lit up. He nodded before pressing the button on the remote to lift the boom gate.
At that moment, their hearts were racing. Yuliana instructed her mother and Yosef to keep a watchful eye on their surroundings while she stepped on the accelerator and quickly merged the taxi into the traffic.
"No one noticed us!" Yosef scanned around but did not come across any suspicious figures. Winnie, too, glanced around anxiously. "| don't see anyone spying on us. Yuliana, where should we go now?"
Yuliana felt her heart about to jump out of her chest. After taking in a deep breath, she replied, "Let's go to that small pier. We'll leave Horington and head to Gishwick. It's closer to Gerton."
The trio thought they had a chance. Little did they know that the elderly security guard
had picked up the phone and immediately reported the car registration number. 
###Chapter 2072
Chapter 2072
Chapter 2072 Puzzled
Al the Jarvis residence, Bill kept receiving calls from the bodyguards informing him of the movements of Winnie and her family members.
“As expected, they’ve resorted to a rather devious escape plan. Two cars set off, one toward us and the other toward the airport. But in reality, they escaped using a taxi from the underground. Anyway, they won't be able to escape for long,” Bill reported to Lucian and Roxanne after compiling all information he had gotten from the bodyguards.
Lucian was shocked. The bodyguards he had assigned to Bill were highly skilled and professional. They were clearly well- trained.
Lucian's face remained calm as he nodded in agreement. He couldn't help but notice how Yuliana’s escape plan was similar to the one chosen by Jack in the past. They both tried to leave by water, as traveling by planes and trains had fixed schedules and was easily traceable.
Roxanne was not concerned with these details. As long as Lucian said they couldn't escape, she was certain that they wouldn't be able to.
However, the most pressing issue was still the evidence. Without sufficient evidence, it would be meaningless to stop Winnie's family from leaving.
Where would Mom keep her heirloom?
She racked her brains, trying to remember but to no avail. Roxanne looked at Lucian and asked, “Is it possible that my mother's heirloom is not in the Jarvis residence?”
Lucian shook his head, denying her speculation.
“It's simple. Your mother was bedridden in her last few years. Unless someone helped her, it would be impossible for her to take anything out. Besides, she wanted to leave her things to you when you grew up, so she would never put them in a place where you couldn't find them. Don’t forget, she was also afraid of being discovered by Winnie and Grant.”
After listening to Lucian's analysis, Bill nodded in agreement.
“But we've already searched every corner of the house. It couldn't be hidden within this reinforced concrete structure. We have to tear down the whole building if that's the case!” Roxanne became frustrated and continued to look around exasperatedly.
“| was thinking, didn't you sell the house before?
Madilyn bought it back. Could the buyer have found it?” Lucian continued to analyze.
Roxanne shook her head. “No. Although the family bought it, they never lived in it. After they bought it, they emigrated.” “That... doesn’t seem right? Since they bought the property, which is a fixed asset, why did they emigrate?” Bill frowned. Puzzled, he deemed it necessary to investigate the buyer.
“Today is Madilyn's big day. It wouldn't be nice to disturb her. I'll ask her tomorrow,” Roxanne said.
Since they wouldn't be able to find the heirloom anytime soon, Lucian advised her to go back and rest.
As long as they didn't let Winnie escape, there was still time.
Bill also advised her to leave and let him continue searching, as there was no need for everyone to be there. Soon after, Roxanne and Lucian returned to the Farwell residence.
An hour later, Bill sent a text message to Lucian, informing him that the boat Yuliana wanted to use to escape was an unlicensed black ship and had been seized by the maritime police. Yuliana's car was on the way back to the mansion.
Lucian was amazed by Bill's methods, realizing that they were different from his own.
Bill was a retired police officer who still adhered to certain ethical standards and wouldn't resort to violence to prevent their escape without sufficient evidence. Until there was enough evidence, Winnie could only be considered a suspect.
Later, even the four private investigators were taken down by the bodyguards and politely sent away from Horington. 
###Chapter 2073
Chapter 2073
Chapter 2073 How Are You Doing Now
The day after the wedding, when Madilyn woke up, she instinctively thought she was at home and was about to go outside in her pajamas.
Fortunately, Jonathan managed to bring her back inside right when she opened the door.
Finally waking up from her daze, Madilyn suddenly realized her new identity as the daughter-in-law of the Queen family. The man circled her in his embrace, and his hands began to explore her body.
Madilyn was stunned, for they had only been intimate mere hours ago.
She suddenly became flustered, and she could feel her breathing turning erratic again. “Are there any other customs or rituals that we haven't completed yet? Does your family need us to greet the elders on the first day of our marriage?”
She quickly tried to change the subject so that the man wouldn't continue to tease her.
If they were to make any noise this early in the morning, it would be really embarrassing.
Jonathan shook his head, and he suddenly leaned closer.
Madilyn quickly covered his mouth with her hand. “No, | haven't washed up yet. Honey, don't do this.”
Jonathan's mouth curved into a playful smile. “Hmm... Who was the one who took advantage of me while | was drunk back then?”
Madilyn was rendered speechless. She shot a glare at the man. “Honey, let's wait until tonight. There must be things that we have to do today. I'm going to wash up!”
With that, she ran into the bathroom in a hurry.
Roxanne was getting impatient, and after checking the time, she immediately called her best friend at eightthirty in the morning. Madilyn wakes up at about this hour.
She started off by asking Madilyn about the wedding. Madilyn said that everything was going well, and she was not uncomfortable living with the Queens.
Only after that did Roxanne ask Madilyn about some details regarding her purchase of the Jarvis residence. “Madilyn, who did you make the deal with? Why did they move abroad right after buying it?”
“Roxanne, do you remember Ms. Vasque? She was your mother's best friend. She bought the place from Grant and didn't live in it. In fact, she was just waiting for you to buy the house when you're back. Ms. Vasque was only willing to sell the place to me after | made my intentions known to her,” Madilyn explained.
Roxanne's face froze. How could Iforget Ms. Vasque?
Rachel Vasque used to be Roxanne's neighbor and had a very good relationship with her mother. After her mother became ill, Rachel would visit her several times and even give Roxanne some pocket money. However, Rachel seemed to have moved away from Horington because of her husband's work transfer.
If it's her, then everything makes sense. Although Ms. Vasque bought it, she didn't need to settle down, so she left the country with herfamily.
“Madilyn, can you still contact her now? | have something very important to ask her.” Roxanne grew anxious, thinking that her mother might have left clues about her heirloom with Rachel.
The secret would be safely guarded by Rachel, waiting for the day when Roxanne would finally come to look for the truth.
Sensing the urgency in her friend's voice, Madilyn immediately nodded and said she would search for the contact number that Rachel had left behind during the transaction.
After a short while, Madilyn obtained the number from the agent and quickly passed it to Roxanne.
Excited to have the number, Roxanne immediately called and waited anxiously on the line for Rachel to answer.
The line rang for quite some time before Rachel finally picked up.
“Hello, Ms. Vasque. I’m Roxanne Jarvis. Do you still remember me?” The hint of anxiousness in Roxanne's voice was palpable. There was a momentary pause on the other end of the line.
Then, a soft voice answered, “Roxanne, have you finally returned to Horington? How are you doing now?” 
###Chapter 2074
Chapter 2074
Chapter 2074 Crucial Detail Upon hearing that voice, Roxanne felt as though the memories that had been sealed away in her mind had been unearthed. Ascene from the past appeared in her mind.
In that scene, her mother and Rachel were chatting with each other while eating cakes under a tree. As the sun dipped into the horizon, she appeared from the corner where her kindergarten was located and rushed home. The journey was less than a hundred meters.
Then, upon arriving at her home, she'd shout, “Mommy, I'm home!” Back then, her mother was healthy, angelically beautiful, and always smiling.
During that period, Rachel was still young as well. She had just married not too long ago and hadn't given birth to any children yet. She often sought guidance from Roxanne's mother about domestic issues.
It'd be nice if our life back then could continue forever, but Grant destroyed everything.
After a long while, Roxanne returned to her senses and told Rachel everything had been going well since she returned to Horington.
Rachel asked, “When you married the son of the Farwell family, | was happy for you. After | heard you divorced him from someone, | wanted to find you, but | couldn't contact you. Many years have passed since then. Roxanne, it's a pity what happened to your mother.”
Her caring voice warmed Roxanne's heart.
Roxanne told the older woman what happened during the years after her divorce. She also mentioned how she remarried Lucian, her children, and unborn babies.
Her intention was to put Rachel at ease.
Of course, Rachel was happy for the younger woman. “Your mother must be watching over and protecting you from the heavens.”
Roxanne believed that as well. “If you have time, you should come to Horington for vacation, Ms. Vasque. Or, if | have time, I'll visit you. Right now, there’s an important thing | need your help with.” | almost forgot why | called her!
She asked the older woman about the her mother left behind.
Rachel went into deep thought before asking, “Is the tree in the courtyard still there?”
“| thought about it too, but the tree died many years ago. Even after digging up the ground around the tree, | found nothing.” “In that case, | have an idea, but | don't know if you'll find anything there. Is the wedding photo still around?”
Roxanne nodded. “It is, but | searched through it, too. There's nothing in the frame.” Even if | didn’t, Winnie would've searched through places like that, including the television cabinet, ceiling light, and fan.
“Is that so? Then I'll try to recall where it might be to the best of my abilities. Your mother treated me very well back then. We were like sisters. | really hate Grant!”
“Take your time with it, Ms. Vasque. There's no need to rush. When you do remember where it is, call me.
Here’s my number...”
After that, the two women continued their sentimental conversation.
At the side, Lucian furrowed his eyebrows. Before Roxanne could react, he pulled her hand, brought her downstairs, and drove to the Jarvis residence.
He abruptly thought about a crucial detail when the wedding photo was brought up. The picture frame wasn't made of ordinary wood. Instead, it was mahogany, and the frame itself was very thick.
If one were to empty the frame, one could hide a tiny item inside 
###Chapter 2075
Chapter 2075
Chapter 2075 Blue Ring Lucian, who was often composed, was surprisingly anxious as he hit the accelerator. He didn't want to wait any longer to discover if his mother-in-law's heirloom was hidden in the photo frame.
Agrim expression was set on Roxanne's countenance. Her heart was racing. Winnie cares so much about the Mom left behind that she's still searching for it after failing for more than a decade. Whatever it is, it must be important. Perhaps it's evidence that she killed Mom. | really want to know how she inflicted a slow-acting poison on Mom because they didn't interact with each other directly back then!
Ten minutes later, they arrived at the Jarvis residence.
It was morning, but Bill was still searching around with the bodyguards. They knocked on the walls, trying to locate a hidden storage space.
When he saw the couple rushing in, he asked, “Did something happen?” Lucian shook his head, zipped through the living room, and entered his mother-in-law's room. Seeing that the wedding photo was still affixed on the wall, he became more at ease.
The picture was hung relatively high, so Roxanne grabbed a chair for Lucian to stand on before he carefully lowered the picture frame.
This is heavy! The mahogany frame must be expensive. Confusion swirled in Bill’s eyes as he watched the couple. A few seconds later, he understood something.
“| examined the picture before but didn't notice how unusual the frame was.” As a famous, experienced cop, he could swiftly realize what he had missed.
Lucian nodded. Like last time, he quickly removed the heavy mahogany frame columns.
Then he brushed his hand along the columns and grinned. The difference in weight is subtle, but | can still tell one side is lighter than the others.
He proceeded to lay three other frame columns aside and inspected the one in his hand scrupulously. No one could notice anything odd about it because its peculiarity couldn't be spotted with the naked eye.
However, Lucian used another method to detect it. He knocked on the column from top to bottom while listening to the sound it produced attentively.
Knock, knock. Knock, knock...
For the most part, the produced sound was dull and quiet. Near the end of the column, that sound became crisper. Promptly, Lucian and Roxanne exchanged a look of delight.
Bill was visibly elated. “You two found it! That section of the column has clearly been hollowed out. Wait for me. Don't break it open with brute force. I'll go grab some tools before we figure out how to saw it open.”
Lucian nodded in agreement because whatever was hidden within might be damaged if the column was shattered haphazardly.
Moments later, Bill returned to the room with a tiny saw and meticulously cut the column. By the end, the sawn-off section revealed a tiny, concealed tube, which had almost been damaged during the process. The tube was lodged inside that hollow section of the column. Its ingenious design prevented it from making any sounds.
“There should be a piece of paper hiding inside. Maybe all the answers arc written there.” Looking at the tube, Lucian slowly removed it from the column.
When he did, he noticed the tube had a hollowed center.
It was then a faint blue light flashed before the trio's eyes. Bill was fast and caught the ring falling to the ground in time. Then he opened his palm and handed the ring to Roxanne.
Lucian's attention was also drawn to the ring. As he stared at the blue ring in his wife's hand, he exclaimed, “This is a priceless sapphire! 
###Chapter 2076
Chapter 2076
Chapter 2076 To My Dearest Daughter
The will contained records of the last three years of Roxanne's mother's life, which read: My daughter, my beloved Roxanne, | wonder how many years will pass before you read this will. Will it be a decade? Two decades? Or perhaps you'll never find it. My daughter, | love you so, so much. You gave me the courage to accept my fate. | know my life is slipping away, but I'm not afraid at all.| don't understand why this terrible luck befalls you. You were only three years old. You had only learned how to jump, how to speak with standard pronunciation, and how to call me Mommy. Yet, so soon after, you would have to learn how to face the threat of death. It makes me angry at how unfair your life is. | pray to the heavens that you'll keep living no matter how. If the price | must pay for that wish is to be banished to hell, I'll gladly accept it.You had a congenital genetic disorder. | took you to visit many doctors, and | finally found a way to treat you. However, the medical fee required for the treatment is a million. | didn't have the money, so | asked your fatherfor help. Yourfather's cheating on me. He thought he hid it well, but | knew. | was heartbroken and devastated. I've lost count of the nights | spent crying about it. However, in order to obtain the necessary fund for your treatment, | must endure the pain patiently to draw more money from him J didn't expect him to do such a heartless thing even though he promised he'd die of old age with me. He aimed to exploit my kindness and lied to me about picking up an orphan. | knew the child belong to him and his mistress, but | didn't say anything about it-Your father kept asking me to take care of that child. Back then, | had to obey him to get the money | needed to save you. Each time, I'd ask for tens of thousands from him. He would mock and humiliate me mercilessly. | knew his mistress was secretly controlling him.Finally, | gathered one million from him. It was time for your treatment. The doctor said the surgery might negatively ajfectyour body afterward, so | was concerned you would sujfer sequela. It wasn’t until you woke up and cried for me that | relaxed. Then, | noticed something was wrong with my body. I'm confident | was poisoned by that homewrecker. After thinking about when she could've done it, | realized it must've been when | cared for her child. | visited him twice every week, but | stopped once you recovered.Tm getting incoherent now, my daughter. At the time of writing this, my eyesight has weakened considerably. Of course, | don't want things to end this way. | want to keep living and watch you grow up. I've been obedient to your father because | hope he'll at least be a responsible dad to you. Roxanne, I've just learned the homewrecker's name.She even gave birth to two children. I'm worried they'll bully you when they grow up.However, | can't hold on any longer.The happiest moments of my life were when you cheerfully returned from kindergarten and hugged me.I hope you'll grow up happily. In the future, don't end up like me and marry the wrong man. Also, | hope you'll have your own career.Roxanne, my good daughter, I'll always love you. Even when | die, don't gel sad. Instead, you must learn how to survive. I'll be watching over you from the heavens. | think | may leave this world soon, Roxanne. Now that Rachel has left, | feel a little lonely. Aside from you, there’s nothing else
I'll miss about the world.| hope you'll one day wear that ring, Roxanne. My mother passed it down to me, and now I'm passing it down to you. Once you've become capable after growing up, avenge me. Don't forgive any of themlRemember to marry the right man, Roxanne.. 
###Chapter 2077
Chapter 2077
Chapter 2077 Tears
When Roxanne finished reading the will, she wailed uncontrollably.
Sorrow flooded her heart as she muttered, “My mom's life was filled with so much agony!”
She turned her teary eyes to her husband, looking like a frightened little animal trembling helplessly. Even Lucian couldn't stop his warm tears from streaming down his cheeks after reading the will.
Rage then colored his countenance as he gritted his teeth and spoke with murderous intent. “We must avenge your mother, Darling! Winnie is a monster wearing a human’s skin!”
After Bill read the will, he remained silent for a long while.
Hugging Lucian, Roxanne continued to sob. | finally understand what happened to Mom now that I've read her will. | was too young back then to remember much, but now | know she wasn 't a puppet controlled by Grant with love. To collect enough money to pay the exorbitant treatment fee for my congenital disorder, sheobeyed him and took care of little Yosef She even noticed she was being poisoned and speculated that Winnie directed Yosef to do it. Why were you so foolish, Mom? Why didn't you expose them when you knew you were being poisoned? If not for me, perhaps yourfate would've been different. Yet, | understand how you feel now that | have my own children. I'll also sacrifice anything for them, even my life.
Here, she put on the ring. I'm all grown up now, Mom. | also have a husband and children. Don ‘I worry. | won't be bullied anymore. | will avenge you, Mom. There's no way I'll let Winnie get away with this scot-free! | promise!
Then she turned to Lucian with a resentful scowl. “Let's pay Winnie a visit now! | refuse to believe she'll remain fearless and never admit to her crime!”
Nodding, Lucian glanced at Bill.
Bill said, “The will can't be used as evidence. However, you can utilize its contents to bait Winnie into confessing. As for Yosef, he likely won't be charged with any crimes. He was too young back then, so he couldn't have committed the crime intentionally.” Even though I've seen plenty of cases over the years, | still can't help but be touched by the sacrifice of Roxanne's mother.
Without delay, Lucian and Roxanne set off to look for Winnie.
Dots were spotted on the will Roxanne was holding tightly. They were likely her mother's tears when the will was written.
Lucian drove to the mansion on the outskirt as quickly as possible.
At that moment, the mansion was filled with silence. novelxo After their unsuccessful escape last night, Winnie and her children were devising a new getaway plan inside.
They even locked the iron gate with chains, making it difficult for anyone to break in. Lucian and Roxanne frowned when they saw that upon alighting from their vehicle.
Swiftly, he called his head bodyguard. “Take down this iron gate!” 
###Chapter 2078
Chapter 2078
Chapter 2078 Cruel It took less than thirty seconds for the electric saw to sever the metal chain. Soon after, the gate dropped to the ground as well. Lucian and Roxanne stepped past the gate.
Yuliana rushed downstairs, shocked. When she saw the couple, she exclaimed panickily, “What are you two doing? It's illegal to break into someone else's home! I'm going to call the police.”
She raised her phone, acting as though she would make the call.
Furiously, Roxanne darted toward Yuliana, snatched her phone, and smashed it on the ground. It feels so good being the baddie! I've been the good guy for my entire life. It's because of my kindness that | keep getting taken advantage of. However, | know that when dealing with shameless people, the best strategy is to be even more shameless than them! This way, they won't know what to do!
Yuliana was startled for a few seconds and was unable to stop Roxanne's advancement. “Come out, Winnie!”
“What are you doing, Roxanne? Get out of—"
Slap!
Roxanne slapped Yuliana's cheek as though announcing she didn't plan to interact with the family reasonably. So what if I'm being violent today? I've lost all my patience after reading about the agony my mother had to live through until her life was taken by Winnie!
Yuliana was astonished by the slap. When she returned to her senses, she tried to halt Roxanne from venturing deeper into the building, but the bodyguards stopped her.
Lucian supported his wife's actions tacitly.
Fear struck Yosef when he saw Roxanne. However, he couldn't leave the couch in the living room due to his plastered arms. All he could do was squirm about on the furniture, which made for a humorous sight.
Meanwhile, Winnie dashed into the kitchen, terrified.
Seconds later, she returned with a knife in her hand and a vicious scowl on her face. “What are you trying to do, Roxanne? | know you want revenge, but you haven't been able to. Isn't that right? If even the police can't do anything to me, what can you possibly hope to achieve? | suggest you leave this place right away! Otherwise, | won't hesitate to use this knife!”
The situation suddenly turned tense.
Then Lucian entered the room, with his bodyguards pushing Yuliana forward, and appeared before Winnie. Immediately, he caused the older woman to experience an emotional breakdown.
“Be sensible, Winnie. If you don't want Yosef and Yuliana to see blood today, give up on this pointless resistance right now!” He emphasized every single word he uttered.
The murderous intent on his face certainly dissuaded anyone from doubting him.
In the past, Roxanne might've been afraid of the sharp knife.
However, driven by boundless hatred at that moment, she scoffed and stepped closer to Winnie.
Gritting her teeth, she interrogated, “I found the will my mother left behind, Winnie! | dare to visit you today because | have the evidence that proves you were the one who poisoned my mother! | just don't understand how you can be this heartless. You've already replaced my mother and snatched Grant that garbage from her. Why did you still kill her?”
Winnie was shocked by that revelation. Her eyes darted around as she denied, “I didn't! You'd better watch your mouth. | don't believe your mother's will contains anything that proves I'm the culprit!”
“Still denying your crime, are you? It seems you won't admit your fault until | make you!” The animosity swirling in Roxanne's eyes was so intense that it frightened Winnie.
If she's looking at me like that, it must mean she has evidence to incriminate me! Winnie turned to her daughter as though she was waiting to be rescued.
Yuliana was taken aback, too. It's been more than a decade! Did Roxanne's mother really leave evidence of Mom's crime behind?
“You're a cruel woman, Winnie! You charmed Grant with your sweet nothings and used Yosef to force my mother to accept you! Grant brought him to my mother because he's a foolish man! Do you know why she helped you and that cheating b*stard to take care of Yosef? It's because she was saving my life!” Promptly, Roxanne stood before Winnie.
The bodyguards speedily disarmed Winnie and seized her arms. 
###Chapter 2079
Chapter 2079
Chapter 2079 Experience The Pain Winnie paled after she listened to Roxanne's words.
An idea popped into her mind and she defended herself, “What nonsense are you speaking of, Roxanne? When did | do such a thing? Don't spout baseless accusations like that!”
Unbeknownst to her, she had already fallen into Roxanne's trap.
“You didn't do it? So you're saying you didn't use Yosef in your scheme? | know you poisoned my mother with a small amount of mercury two or three times a month. The accumulated toxins in her body were enough to kill her in just a few years. | can't believe you would use your young child for this wicked plan. Were you even worried he'd ingest it by mistake?” The rage and hatred burning in Roxanne's eyes were so intense that it scared Winnie.
The older woman couldn't help but avoid eye contact with the younger woman and trembled.
“How dare you still defend yourself, Winnie! A few days ago, | couldn't do anything to you. However, I'm here now because | have enough evidence to prove you used Yosef to poison my mother! The police are on the way, so just wait for your doom!” Despite Roxanne's overwhelming contempt, she still retained her rationality.
Instead of stopping his wife, Lucian recorded the conversation. Yuliana was bewildered. | knew Mom poisoned Roxanne's mother, but I'd never heard of the details before. Yosef was even more dumbfounded. Did | really help Mom poison someone else in the past?
An abrupt silence ensued before Winnie exploded in anger, “So what if | did it? | don’t believe you have enough evidence to confirm that | poisoned her! The water dispenser she used back then disappeared a long time ago! Yosef was still young back then, so he can't testify to anything. Even if you examine her corpse now, the most you'll discover is that she's poisoned! There's nothing you can do to me! I'm not afraid even if you call the cops!”
I've never been driven into a corner by anyone before, and | certainly can't stand Roxanne's arrogant attitude! Following the admittance of her crime, she smirked coldly and mockingly.
Roxanne was stunned. Now, I've learned the whole truth. My guess is that Winnie probably failed to convince Grant to let her stay in his place at the start. Hence, she devised a plan to use Yosef to compel Mom to accept her. After that, Grant lied about picking up an orphan and kept Yosef somewhere else. Then he asked Mom to take care of Yosef, which she occasionally did. During that time, Winnie concocted her diabolical plan. She poisoned the water dispenser with a small amount of mercury. Mom has no reason to be wary of a young child, so every time Yosef served her a cup of water, she would be poisoned. In reality, Mom noticed the poison only after drinking the water once or twice. However, in order to keep gathering the funds for my ludicrously expensive treatment fee, she hid the truth to avoid falling out with Grant. Thus, time and again, she allowed herself to be poisoned.
Roxanne felt as if her heart had been torn apart, tears gushing out of her eyes.
“You're an animal, Winnie! Since you've admitted to your crime, you should understand why | came here before the police did! It's because | want to kill you with my own hands!” She pulled out six silver needles and attacked Winnie.
In a flash, she stabbed the needles into different spots on Winnie's body.
Winnie only experienced minor pain when she was stabbed.
However, when all needles were in position, she abruptly shook violently and felt as though blood would explode from her brain. An agonizing burning sensation rapidly spread throughout her body, making her feel as though her bones had been broken. The pain was so unbearable that even her soul trembled.
It was the last move of Cerulean Needle Technique.
If Roxanne were to use all eight needles of the move, Winnie could die from the pain.
However, Roxanne only used six because she merely wanted Winnie to experience the pain her mother had to endure in the past.
Even though it only lasted a little over ten seconds, Winnie was already wailing and shrieking. Now, you know the pain Mom had to live with every day until she passed. Roxanne gazed at Winnie coldly.
“Ahh! What did you do to me, Roxanne? Yosef, Yuliana, save me! Save me! It's so painful! My entire body... My blood... It feels like it's burning! Ahh!” 
###Chapter 2080
Chapter 2080
Chapter 2080 Rest In Peace The pain threw Winnie's mind into chaos as she howled agonizingly. Suddenly, she began to laugh maniacally.
She bit her lip so hard that blood spurted out. Her face contorted as her eyes appeared to be on the verge of popping out of her skull.
With a sinister sneer, she glared at Roxanne. “So what if | poisoned your mother to death, Roxanne? She only has herself to blame! That b*tch refused to divorce Grant and kept taking money from him! She's no better than me! Hahaha...”
Anger rushed into Roxanne's mind again as she grabbed the seventh needle. However, Lucian stepped toward her and grabbed her. She'll become a murderer if | allow her to be blinded by her rage.
Yuliana's eyes reddened from anger as she witnessed her mother writhing in pain. “How dare you treat my mother like this, Roxanne! I'm going to kill you!”
Roxanne had calmed down by then. Winnie's pain only needs a few minutes to recede. Since her confession to the crime has been recorded, it's unlikely she can defend herself before the police in the future. She'll get what she deserves. | hope it'll be a life sentence for her so she can rot in prison until she dies.
Out of nowhere, Winnie pounced toward Roxanne and Lucian with a short dagger in her hand.
With a malicious smile, she spat, “Since you're such a dutiful daughter, how about | send you to your mother so you can be filial to her now!”
The bodyguards’ momentary negligence allowed danger to approach Roxanne.
It was then Yuliana struggled fanatically to cooperate with her mother.
Lucian's expression darkened as he pulled Roxanne to his back. As he watched the blade approach him, his pupils constricted. He raised his leg and kicked Winnie's arm away.
In an instant, the dagger flew out of Winnie's grip.
When the bodyguards finally reacted to the situation, they hastily restrained Winnie.
Surprisingly, she tore herself away from their hands and sprinted to the highest floor of the mansion.
“You'll never have your revenge, Roxanne! You'll never—” Seconds later, Winnie fell from the rooftop.
It was as though time had frozen. Yuliana slumped to the ground while Yosef's eyes remained wide open. Both were astonished for a long while.
Winnie had committed suicide by jumping off the building.
By the time Bill arrived with the police, Lucian and Roxanne were already waiting inside their car beyond the mansion premises. Yosef and Yuliana were brought away by the police to be interrogated.
After Bill asked the police officers to inspect the scene, he approached Lucian's vehicle and assured the couple, “Everything's fine. It's over. Winnie's death will be ruled as suicide by jumping. Both of you can return home now. I'll contact you two if there's any progress afterward.”
Lucian nodded and handed the recording pen to Bill, who accepted it with a nod.
Bill stepped away but returned to inform, “Also, we've discovered Yuliana may have been suspected of illegally siphoning public deposits a few years ago. She had stolen a considerable amount of money. If the case is formed, she'll spend a few years in prison.”
Again, Lucian nodded.
During the entire process, Roxanne was in a slight daze as she clutched the ring in her left hand. Mom, Winnie's dead! You can rest in peace now! 
###Chapter 2081
Chapter 2081
Chapter 2081 Without Regrets
Aweek later, Roxanne picked the largest cemetery plot in West Cemetery for her mother. It was around eighty square meters and appeared very dignified.
It was a sunny day when she relocated her mother's grave. A prestigious priest performed a ceremony and lowered two urns into the grave.
“Children of the deceased, please step forth!” shouted the priest. Lucian and Roxanne approached the grave before paying their respects. Behind them, Archie, Benny, and Estella appeared mournful. Estella was even crying.
Standing beside the children with sorrowful expressions, Elias and Sonya wished their in-laws would rest in peace. We promise we'll take good care of your daughter.
Jonathan and Madilyn stood slightly further behind sorrowfully.
They were touched after they learned the truth behind the death of Roxanne's mother.
Even though they were newlywed and shouldn't have attended the funeral, they still did.
Meanwhile, James and Elektra had just arrived to the left of Jonathan.
Behind the youngsters were their elders, which included Zachary, Henrietta, Lorraine, Jones, and Yennefer. Everyone had a somber expression as they mourned the death of a great mother.
The priest continued to chant something until he eventually gestured at the crowd. “Everyone, please pay respect to the deceased...”
The crowd followed the priest's instructions and completed a series of actions until the ceremony ended.
The instant it did, Roxanne couldn't help but sob as her body went limp. Lucian had to hold her tightly.
Back then, her mother didn't receive a funeral like that, so she finally held one that day.
Everyone approached Roxanne and offered her words of comfort as well as encouragement.
She looked at all of them with gratitude.
As Lucian gazed at her gently, her children hastily surrounded her.
Slowly, Roxanne calmed down. | bet Mom hopes that I can live happily every day.
Hugging her children, she assured them that they had nothing to worry about. Then, she thanked everyone for attending the funeral with her in-laws and her husband.
By the time they wrapped everything up and returned to the manor, the sun had descended below the horizon. Just as Roxanne sat down, her children flocked to her quietly and obediently.
Sonya brought a bowl of soup from the kitchen and served it to Roxanne. “You should drink some, Roxanne. It'll relieve your exhaustion.”
After nodding, Roxanne drank the soup. Then she comforted her children and asked them to return to their rooms to do their homework.
Upon receiving a call from Cayden, Lucian said to Roxanne, “Yuliana will likely be sentenced to eight years in prison and have all her properties seized. As for Yosef, he may be imprisoned for three months due to illegal activities.”
Roxanne nodded indifferently.
She had moved on from the past after the funeral. From today onward, I'll continue my journey solely as Lucian's wife and the daughter-in-law of the Farwell family. I'll live life to the fullest and without regrets.
As she laid her hand on her abdomen, she began looking forward to Seward's and Noreen's births. 
###Chapter 2082
Chapter 2082
Chapter 2082 Extra 1
In the scorching summer heat of August, the temperature in Horington had risen to thirty degrees Celsius since the early mornings. The entire city felt as hot as a bun in a steamer if it wasn't for the occasional sea breeze.
In the obstetrics and gynecology department of Flora Verba Hospital, Roxanne felt wave after wave of contractions squeezing her abdomen. The sweat dotting her forehead, the deep crease between her brows, and her tightly-clenched jaw showed her fight to keep the pain from showing on her face.
Lucian held her hand tightly with his right hand.
From his wife's iron grip, he could guess the intensity of the pain racking through her. Lines of worry etched on his face. His eyes were filled with distress.
Lowering his head, he brushed his lips against Roxanne's forehead, trailed it to the tip of her nose, and finally stopped at the corner of her lips.
“Darling, hold on. You can do it. Archie, Benny, and Essie are all waiting outside. They're all shouting encouragements at the top of their lungs,” Lucian kept cheering her with a gentle tone.
Roxanne nodded. A blissful smile stretched across her face. “Il know. Don't worry. It should be faster this time.” Beside her, doctors and nurses stood alert and ready.
After all, their director was delivering a baby, so the pressure on their shoulders was heavy.
Soon after, the doctor gently urged, “We'll be pushing her in now, Mr. Farwell. Please wait here.”
Lucian nodded before slowly releasing Roxanne's hand. He turned around, left the delivery room of the obstetrics and gynecology department, and waited in the hallway.
Elias and Sonya were already pacing up and down. Their anxiety was written across their faces.
“Daddy, is Mommy in pain?” Estella ran toward her father with tears streaming down her cheeks. Her worry was evident since she had heard her mother cry out from pain earlier.
Despite having some basic knowledge about a delivery, Archie and Benny were nervous too. Their gazes were pinned on their father as they waited for his answer.
“She's fine. Don't worry. We have to trust your mommy since she's the best. You'll get to see your brother and sister before long!” Lucian comforted, trying his best to look calm.
Elias was suddenly reminded of something and immediately ordered Sonya, “Prepare the seaweed soup now! Roxanne can have some right after delivering the baby.”
Lucian asked with a frown, “Can she drink it immediately after giving birth?”
“Of course, she can. | even prepared some mushroom soup for her. She will have to replenish all the nutrients her body has lost as quickly as possible. A natural birth is much easier than a C-section,” Sonya said before turning on her heels and getting busy with the preparations.
Lucian continued to assure the children and did his best to answer all their questions about their soon-to-come siblings.
Not long after, Madilyn and Jonathan also arrived at the hospital.
“How long has she been in there, Lucian?” Madilyn asked.
“Not long, just two minutes.”
After hearing Lucian's reply, Madilyn hurriedly raced into the medical staff's changing room and changed into a sterile surgical
gown. When she was done changing, she strode toward the delivery room. Then looking over her shoulder at the kids, she said, “I'm going in to take care of your mommy, kids. Don't worry! Everything is going to be fine!”
The children nodded and yelled, “Thank you, Aunt Madilyn!”
Shortly after Madilyn entered the room, the cries of two babies could be heard through the wall.
Everyone's expression in the hallway froze briefly. Once it registered in their brains, joy filled their eyes.
“Finally, the babies are here! Please let Roxanne and the babies be safe and healthy,” Sonya prayed under her breath. Jonathan turned to Lucian and congratulated him, “Congratulations, Lucian, on getting another boy-girl twin!”
Lucian's smile widened.
The children cheered happily, “Mommy gave birth! Our brother and sister are here! How awesome is that! Mommy's the best!”
Madilyn rushed out of the delivery room and took off her face mask, revealing a happy smile. “Both Roxanne and the twins are healthy. The twins are in good shape. | can see the healthy blush underneath their fair skin. They weigh around two point seven- five kilograms each. That's a healthy weight. Congratulations.” 
###Chapter 2083
Chapter 2083
Chapter 2083 Extra 2 Roxanne only stayed in the hospital for three days before she returned to the manor.
Compared to the first time delivering Archie, Benny, and Estella, she felt the second time was as though unloading goods. Her bulky body became lighter, and her endocrine secretion wasn't a mess anymore.
After delivery, Sonya prepared all kinds of supplements for Roxanne to an overwhelming extent. Roxanne couldn't handle her mother-in-law's enthusiasm and asked her husband to talk to his mother about nutritional balance.
Soon after that, she started on the path to regaining her figure.
Naturally, the rest of her time was spent accompanying Seward and Noreen. It was hard-earned free time after she utilized her identity as a newborn mother.
The reason was the twins were much too pampered.
The entire Farwell family revolved around them. Every day, Lucian would carry them in each of his arms to bake under the sun to treat their jaundice. He would feed them baby formula at a fixed time each day and change their diapers. The process was enjoyable to him.
He even took up the position as a nursing teacher and taught Archie, Benny, and Estella how to care for their younger siblings and their different cries. His guesses were quite accurate.
After school, once Archie, Benny, and Estella arrived home, they would start to teach their younger siblings to speak and memorize poems, completely disregarding that the twins were mere babies.
Sonya's sole duty was to bathe the babies. She had specific steps and routines for the process, including the water temperature, the brightness of the lighting, the bathing routine, et cetera.
Every bath time, she would hum nursery rhymes to get the babies to laugh. Once the babies laughed, her mood would brighten for the whole day.
Sharing photos with her friends and showering praises on her newborn grandchildren had become her daily habit.
Elias had it the worst. He had always been the uptight parent yet amicable grandparent, so he couldn't find a definitive role. Being a good grandfather was his dream, but no one was willing to give him the opportunity. At last, he took up the role of a bottle disinfector and milk formula maker.
The twins grew up quickly. Their fair and chubby appearance gained crowds of onlookers every day.
Their godmother, Madilyn, was their most frequent visitor. She would take over Lucian's job every visit as though she wanted to get some practice in advance.
Occasionally, Jonathan would drop by and take on his role as their godfather seriously. He would learn some baby-caring skills from Lucian with utmost patience and sincerity.
Undeniably, the elders of the Queen and Lann families, including Lorraine, couldn't help but visit the twins.
Sometimes, they couldn't seize the chance to carry the babies, or the twins would be asleep, so they would spend their time playing with Archie, Benny, and Estella instead.
All five children inherited good genes. They were beautiful and adorable in their own way. They had high intelligence and exceptional talent. The elders were envious.
In turn, they would pressure Jonathan and James. Not only did the two men receive a nagging, but they were also urged to have a baby of their own.
Not long after, Jonathan and Madilyn zealously discussed having a baby and started working overtime at night to land one. In contrast, James had a long face. He didn't even have a girlfriend. How was he going to have a baby out of the blue? However, anyone who paid attention would notice Elektra had been trying to get closer to James as of late.
Roxanne wasn't surprised in the least by the news. Instead, she would jokingly tease her husband to help the two so that Elektra would put an end to her antics.
The entire Farwell family lived every day in the symphony of laughter.
Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, six months had passed. 
###Chapter 2084
Chapter 2084
Chapter 2084 Extra 3
No one would believe that Roxanne managed to maintain her perfect curvy figure even after giving birth to five children. No matter what she wore, she looked like a lady in her early twenties.
In fact, she was once mistaken for an undergraduate. Of course, she looked like that mostly because of her diet control and persistent workouts.
Taking care of Seward and Noreen this time was a piece of cake. In just six months, the two babies had become fair and chubby. They were absolutely adorable.
Seward was the only one among the other children who resembled Lucian the most. He had beautiful double eyelids and bright eyes, like a miniature version of Lucian.
Sonya expressed her amazement every day, saying she was seeing the younger version of her son again.
Meanwhile, Noreen's features were comparable to Estella’s. They fit the beauty standards perfectly. And when she smiled, she looked like an angel.
The three older children were busy taking care of their siblings every day. They taught the babies how to say “daddy” and “mommy,” crawl, and eat with their hands.
Envious of Roxanne, Madilyn would always stop by the manor and play with the children. She badly wanted to take a few of them away to spend some alone time with them.
One day, Madilyn and Jonathan arrived at the manor together with two sets of cute baby outfits she had washed personally. Upon seeing Seward and Noreen, Madilyn quickly lifted them up and planted kisses on them.
She could not wait to help them get changed into the new outfit.
Jonathan warned, “Calm down. Let's turn up the heater first.”
Madilyn nodded in response. It was then Roxanne slowly descended the stairs. Since she was used to seeing them in the manor, she simply greeted, “You're here!”
“Roxanne, come look! | bought two sets of clothes and shoes for your babies.”
Smiling, Roxanne went over to have a look. Sure enough, they were perfectly suitable for the babies. She praised her best friend for having great taste.
“You don't behave like a mother. Shouldn't you be worried about things like this?” Madilyn rolled her eyes. Roxanne simply put on a teasing grin while turning to look at Jonathan.
He quickly reminded Madilyn, “Have you forgotten? Estella owns a kid's clothing brand. Ever since Sewardand Noreen was born, Snuggly has been releasing many new products for them.
Madilyn could only sigh inwardly. To her, the industry chain of wealthy families was terrifying, so much so that they did not have to worry about anything.
After getting the two babies changed, Madilyn quickly took some pictures before chatting with Roxanne.
“It's true. | dreamt of a goddess last night. How | wish I can get pregnant with one,” Madilyn complained, blaming her womb for not doing a good job.
She did not have a major family business to inherit. In fact, she really loved children.
Roxanne took Madilyn's arm and examined her pulse.
A few seconds later, Roxanne's eyes lit up with joy. “Looks like the goddess has given you what you wanted! Congratulations! You're pregnant!”
“Stop joking around. How can there be such a coincidence?” Madilyn simply thought her best friend was just teasing her. However, Roxanne turned to Jonathan and nodded seriously.
Delight instantly spread over Jonathan's face. “Really? You're pregnant? That means I'm going to be a father soon!”
His gaze was filled with surprise, but the way he looked at Madilyn overflowed with tenderness.
Stunned, Madilyn asked again, “Are you sure?”
Roxanne nodded firmly. “You're really pregnant. I'm not teasing you. It's my turn to take care of you this time.” 
###Chapter 2085
Chapter 2085
Chapter 2085 Extra 4
Ever since Madilyn was pregnant, Jonathan abandoned his business once again and became her full-time nanny. Lucian had absolutely no ions, while Roxanne was displeased. Lucian spent more time with the children every day than she did. In the future, they would look for him more instead of her.
Roxanne needed to reconnect with them and rediscover her place in their hearts. She needed to put more time into taking care of Seward and Noreen.
Without realizing it, Archie, Benny, and Estella had grown taller. Moreover, each of them was beginning to make achievements in their lives.
Archie won first place in a national poetry competition and appeared on the country's most famous TV station program, becoming the famous genius child everyone recognized.
Benny, on the other hand, led thousands of expert technicians to build a defense system when foreign hackers tried to attack the enterprise network of Chanaea's key domestic companies. In the end, the defense stopped everything.
The government officials privately paid Benny a visit and awarded him a special medal. They told him to keep it a secret and that he could join the government's network security department when he was older.
Estella was incredible, too. As branded kid's clothing swept over the entire country, Snuggly became more popular. Many local celebrities’ children wore her designs, which served as free publicity.
Even the organizer of Faulkay's fashion week sent her several invitations, but they were rejected by Lucian. Seward and Noreen were starting to learn how to walk. With the help of their older siblings, they picked it up fast.
During Madilyn's ten-month pregnancy, Roxanne helped out a great deal. In fact, Lorraine was not as experienced as Roxanne. After all, the latter had given birth to five.
The moment the baby's cries rang out, Jonathan, who had been waiting in the hospital corridor, was wild with joy. His son was born.
Jonathan had decided to give his son the name Harper Queen, and his nickname would be Tappy.
With more children entering the world, their lives became more lively.
Jonathan and Madilyn even planned to give birth to twins next year in order not to lose to Lucian and Roxanne. Meanwhile, Elektra slowly entered a dreamlike state under James' hypnosis.
It was what she asked for when she realized there were some fragmented memories in her mind that could not be pieced together.
The most puzzling thing was that she remembered liking James since high school when all of a sudden, her feelings were transferred to Lucian.
With the help of James’ gentle voice, the scene from the past appeared in Elektra's mind. Back then, she had invited James for a hike. She had prepared to confess her feelings to him that day.
That was because her family had arranged for her to study abroad instead of at a local university. If she did not confess that day, she would never get the chance to do so.
However, an accident happened that day.
When she was taking a picture with James, she accidentally pushed him, causing him to fall from a rock that was in a high place.
She rushed forward and pounced on him, feeling utterly guilty and remorseful.
It turned out that James was caught among some vines, while she continued rolling down the mountain until she knocked her head against a rock.
By the time she woke up, she heard Lucian calling out her name. At that moment, her mind was blank. All she remembered was Lucian.
When she woke up from her hypnosis, her eyes were wet, and tears kept flowing down her cheeks as she stared fixedly at James.
“What's wrong? What do you remember?” James' gaze was filled with tenderness and concern.
“James, | need to ask you something. Why didn't you come looking for me when we fell from the mountain back then?” Elektra asked him angrily while staring at him with resentment.
James paused for a few seconds and scratched his head before finally recalling the incident. Only then did he smile and say, “I was stuck at the upper half of the mountain, so | asked Lucian to rescue you first. You can't blame me for that. | couldn't save you.”
So, that's what happened. That was when Elektra realized she had lost her memories after the fall.
Tears rolled down her cheeks as she threw herself at James and hugged him tightly.
###Chapter 2086
Chapter 2086 (END)
Chapter 2086 Extra 5
Just like that, ten years had flown by in the blink of an eye.
Three figures could be seen riding their bicycles on the road of Chanaea's best educational institute, chatting and laughing at the same time.
Two of them were twin brothers. They had chiseled faces, sharp eyebrows, and eyes that sparkled like the stars in the night sky.
The girl, on the other hand, had exquisite features and exuded an elegant aura. She looked like a fairy who did not belong to the real world.
Their names—Archie, Benny, and Estella—were simple names, yet they were constantly brought up by parents in the country. Three of them were the youngest students in the educational institute.
Their appearances constantly attracted everyone's attention in the area. Discussions would even erupt around them.
Not only were they praised for being good-looking, but they were also praised for their titles.
At that point, Archie was known as the country's best ancient Chanaean researcher. In fact, he was equipped with the ability to mentor students.
Meanwhile, Benny had become the national security department's special adviser. However, that identity was a secret. Only a few people knew about it. To the public, he was a famous archeologist.
Estella's identity was even more impressive, for she had many titles in the fashion industry. A few years ago, she successfully held her fashion show in Pillere. After that, her clothing brand was released globally. Since then, many A-list celebrities fought to have her design their outfits at a high price.
As they talked and laughed among themselves, they responded to the other students’ greetings with a smile.
When they were arriving at the institute entrance, they quickened their pace at the sight of their family's car.
Roxanne, too, spotted the trio. She brought Seward and Noreen out of the car so they could wave at their older siblings. “Archie, Benny, Essie, we're here!”
Coincidentally, it was Seward's and Noreen's ten-year-old birthday. They had come to pick up their older siblings for the celebration.
A blissful smile formed on Roxanne's lips. The five children were her most precious treasure in life. Her face did not seem to have changed much over time. Rather, she looked more graceful and beautiful. Even her figure was the same as how it was ten years ago. It made everyone around her jealous, including Madilyn.
Sitting in the driver's seat was Lucian. He slowly opened the door to reveal his gentle and mature gaze that was no longer hostile.
Archie, Benny, and Estella parked their bicycles and quickly walked over to the car.
While Lucian reached Roxanne's side, he subconsciously reached out to take her hand affectionately.
Sensing that, Roxanne looked up and stared at him with the same gaze.
Seward and Noreen sprinted to their older siblings.
Archie and Benny were almost Lucian's height, while Estella's looks resembled Roxanne's when she was younger.
The car was a customized seven-seater. It fit all seven of them perfectly.
Throughout the drive, the car was filled with joyous chatter.
“Daddy, Mommy, | have a big secret to tell you. You know how Archie and Benny have many admirers, right? Recently, | realized they're interested in the same girl.”
Estella suddenly revealed a piece of exciting news, which invoked warning looks from her older brothers.
“Oh? Is that so? What's she like? | want to know what kind of girl can make both Archie and Benny fall for her.” Roxanne simply cast the boys a calm gaze.
Lucian, too, glanced over with curiosity written all over his face.
Immediately, Archie's and Benny's faces flushed red.
“N-No. Don't listen to Essie spout nonsense. We just admire her, that's all,” Archie explained frantically.
At the same time, Benny quickly recollected himself and smiled, looking just like a younger version of Lucian. “| like her. She's quite outstanding. I've told Archie about it, and we're competing fairly.”
Hearing that, Lucian and Roxanne exchanged happy glances.
“It's fine. Pursue her if you like her,” said Lucian with a nod.
“When can you introduce her to me?” A memory from twenty years ago suddenly came back to Roxanne.
My history with Lucian started in school as well...
